1: This R script counts the occurrence of two and three in each layer. It then multiplies these occurrences by their respective
2: This R script defines the `get_{function}` to fetch UK Biobank Beads genotype data in
3: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'recall' calculation. The input is assumed to be
4: This R script defines an object named 'ndot' that calculates the dot product of two vectors. The input parameters are
5: This R script calculates the Spin Factor. The formula used is J/Mc where 'c' represents an arbitrary
6: This R script filters the 'Claims' dataframe by date range. It takes in three arguments - "CLAIMS
7: This R script converts all lowercase characters in the input string into upper case letters using builtin functions of base r programming
8: This R script defines the 'vec_di' vector division operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns their elementwise
9: This R script defines an 'validateDictionary' that takes two arguments - the configuration dictionary and default values. It then checks each
10: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form of the power rule, which is used to calculate powers in logarithmic scale
11: This is the R implementation of calculating luminosity based on RGB values using precomputed lookup table in one line, which takes an
12: This R script converts CBSA codes to location IDs. It uses the ISO 3 country and region format with
13: This R script checks the AWS CloudTrails logs to see which events are not related with root account usage and returns them as
14: This R script defines the recursive solution to count ways up stairs. The number of steps is represented by n, and it
15: This R script defines an 'if' condition to convert the input "confidences" into levels of severity. If
16: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'increment' operation. The input is expected to be
17: This R script defines the 'modifyString' that takes three arguments. It slices off part of string and then pastes
18: This R script calculates the journal's publication date and compares it with current time to determine its age. The result
19: This R script checks whether the input 'lines' contain any of specific keywords related to credit lines. It returns TRUE when such
20: This R script converts units of properties based on provided dictionary. It iterates over each property and its corresponding unit to be
21: This R script defines an event probabilities calculation based on the given parameters and returns them in order of probability that one has not occurred
22: A simple implementation of the ToFFOLI gate in R. The input parameters are three bits and returns one bit output based
23: This R script calculates the standardized value of frequency and variance.  It takes as input two parameters val\_frequency &
24: This R script converts an input string of hexadecimal RGB values to its corresponding decimal equivalent. The conversion process involves
25: This R script defines the `buildModelData` Function which builds and returns model related information in an object format with optional parameters
26: This R script defines the ```function``` named '`'Parse Fingeprints'''. It takes in one
27: This R script checks if the "entries" are directories by checking whether their number of links ("nlinks") exceeds
28: This R script defines an 'getPackage' Function that takes two arguments - the name of package and whether it should be treated
29: This R script defines the 'latitude' fixed formater. It takes an input value and returns it in degrees North or
30: This R script checks the first two characters of an input string to determine whether they represent hexadecimal values. If these
31: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes two arguments - name and verson; it returns the combination
32: This R script converts an input list of numbers into comma separated string format using the paste() and optional isNull check in
33: A simple R script that checks whether the input is NULL or 'none' and returns it, otherwise returning original string as output
34: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in either distribution objects from the purrr package and returns
35: This R script defines the Vandermonde operator as per given parameters and returns two lists of vectors in response to input arguments
36: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes four arguments - two representing the position of one piece in
37: This R script defines an anonymous or "hexagonal" life game. The player is given two parameters - 'n' and
38: A simple R script to calculate the same padding as in Python's math library using round() and arithmetic operations only without
39: This R script converts spaces in input string to HTML entity "&#160;" which is equivalent of non breaking white
40: This R script creates an anonymous or "make" JINJA  template file name. It takes the input 'FILE
41: This R script calculates the average of two numbers and subtracts another number. The result is divided by an integer to
42: This R script defines the 'scalecnt' or scale counts calculation as per given formula in an input image and preference value
43: This R script calculates the sale price after discount. It takes two arguments contractPrice and SLPercentage which is used
44: This R script defines the 'formatTrainingConfs' functions that takes in an object of class "configuration" and returns
45: This R script calculates the Root Mean Square Difference between two numbers using an online formula provided by Dr Gilles Br
46: This R script checks if the string "REFLECTION 0X D VERSIONS" is present in input data and
47: A simple R script that converts feet to meters using the formula of conversion from footsto meter is given by "feets
48: A simple R script that calculates the percentage of an input number. If 'n' is not provided or less than
49: This R script checks if the input argument 'file' refers to an interactive terminal. If it does not refer directly or indirect
50: This R script converts the first letter of each word in an inputted sentence to its corresponding capitalized version.  It
51: This R script cleans the input string by replacing all non word characters with underscores.  It uses Perlish regular expressions
52: A simple linear interpolation between two vectors. The result is the same as if you had linearly spaced points on either side
53: This R script defines an 'mutable' version of the "second maximum" algorithm that can handle missing data and is more efficient
54: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getHomePage" that takes one argument, pypIpkG. It
55: This R script defines the 'rule support' or "Rule Support" calculation. It takes four input parameters and returns one output
56: A simple R script to generate the concept net URL based on inputted word or phrase, using ConceptNet API
57: A simple R script that takes two arguments; the number and how many digits to round off after subtracting integer part of
58: This R script converts an array of string keys and values into dictionary format. The input is expected to be the form '
59: This R script defines the 'getItemAbsolutLimit' orchestrating two operations - checking whether page is null
60: This R script creates an SVG element with the specified coordinates and content. If no input is provided it will not draw anything
61: This R script checks if the given movie titles are duplicates in an array of known films. It uses logical operators to check
62: This R script creates an object named 'title' that takes two arguments - the first is used as text to be displayed and
63: This R script calculates the number of required swap operations to sort an array. The input should have more elements, and each
64: This R script creates and manipulates strings. It splits command string into keywords using space delimiter then returns first keyword
65: This R script defines an 'compare' orchestrator that compares two numbers based on the specified criterion. It returns
66: This R script defines an amperage to complex number conversion. It takes two vectors as input - one representing the amplitude of
67: This R script defines an atom swapping operation. It takes two arguments - ids of atoms in the form 'A B
68: This R script defines the 'doTraining' orchestration of training process. It checks whether there is any difference
69: This R script checks whether the wagers are valid or not. It takes two arguments - 'wagers' and ‘
70: This R script checks whether the input list is empty or not. If all elements of an array are nonempty, it returns
71: This R script prepares an argument by expanding the fields of one vector with another. It takes two arguments - 'expand'
72: This R script adds white space at the end of input strings until they reach specified lengths.  It uses an infinite loop to
73: This R script checks if an object can be converted to dictionary format. It uses the `trycatch` method in combination with
74: A simple R script that flattens an input list. It creates and returns the output vector by iterating over each element
75: This R script defines the 'rev' vectorized operation that takes an angle in degrees and returns it within [ ][].
76: A simple R script that rounds each element of an input list to the specified number digitis. The result is another same size
77: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous" here means not defined by name or usage anywhere but only within its own scope
78: This R script defines an anonymous or named "range check" that checks whether the lower limit is greater equal to higher limits and
79: This R script converts CF values to decimal. It uses recursion, where the base case is when there's only
80: This R script defines an expression string generator. It takes in one argument, expansion which should be either character or numeric and
81: This R script defines an anonymous or named "myMin" that takes in one argument, t. It returns the minimum value
82: A simple R script that takes an object of class 'data.frame' and returns the name/title from it along with
83: A simple R script that returns the result of an object.  This is useful when you want to extract specific information from your
84: This R script defines an anonymous or named "plural" object that takes one argument, val. If the value of '
85: This R script defines the 'parseVid' functions that takes in video IDs and returns them formatted with uppercase initial
86: A simple R script that takes an object as input and returns the name of its class.  This is done by using '
87: This R script defines an 'extract_filename' or simply named as `getBasenames`. It takes in
88: This R script defines the `getEntryPoint` method, which takes in an input path and returns its "clean" version
89: This R script generates an XML robot description based on the input string 'micro'.  The output is in XACRO format
90: This R script checks the text data to see whether it contains "Django" or SQLAlchemny. If so,
91: This R script defines the 'getFishXNY' orchestrator. It takes four parameters and returns two
92: A simple R script that calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers. It takes in input as parameters and returns their aver
93: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "function" named 'removeDollars' that takes in one argument
94: This R script checks if the input string matches with its uppercase version. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
95: This R script defines an anonymous or named "maybeZero" that takes two arguments - x and tolerance. If the absolute value
96: A simple linear regression model is created using the given parameters and then used to predict future values based on these inputs in R programming
97: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getDataSource" that takes in one argument, 'Name', and checks whether
98: This R script defines an 'undersample' or "under_sampling" operation that takes two parameters - the major and
99: This R script defines an anonymous or named "one line" version of the 'grep' command. It takes two arguments
100: This R script converts seconds into hours/minutes and second format. The input is the number of total secs to
101: This is the definition of an R script that checks whether or not some metric value meets certain criteria. If it does meet those
102: This R script defines the `normalize` column name. It takes as input an arbitrary string, converts it into lower
103: This R script converts the input string to an integer in decimal format using Hexadecimal numbers system, where each
104: This R script defines the 'parseTestLine' Function. It takes in one argument s which is expected to be string format
105: A simple R script that multiplies an input number by the specified amount and checks whether it is indeed of type 'Integer'.
106: This R script formats the number to two decimal places. It takes an input value and returns it rounded off with commas as
107: A simple R script that checks the first character of an inputted text and adds double quotes around it. If not already present
108: This R script converts an arbitrary string into CSS valid variable names. It takes the lowercase version of any given text,
109: This R script converts the input 'big' number into its equivalent in terms of thousands, and then checks whether it is
110: This R script splits each element of the input vector into separate elements. The result is returned as an object named 'unit
111: This R script checks whether the input labels are properly formatted. It does so by checking each label against its formatting rules,
112: This R script defines the 'function' named ```"Tier 0 - Basic Functionality".'' It takes in
113: This R script compares two dictionaries and returns the differences between them. It does so by iterating over each key of
114: This R script cleans the input string by removing certain characters. The cleaning process involves replacing "\" with nothing, and then other
115: This R script defines an 'interpret' or "weighted average" of two sets point lists by specifying weights to each
116: This R script compares the opening and ending brackets of three types. If they match it returns true; otherwise false is
117: This R script checks if the input number 'n' can be expressed as cude root. The output will return TRUE or
118: This R script defines the `getTenancyVerify` to check whether tenant is either sandbox or dev/develop. If
119: This R script cleans the directory name by removing certain special characters.  It uses regular expressions to identify and replace these with nothing
120: This R script defines an anonymous or named "asList" that takes one argument and returns the input in list format, even
121: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - 'get mlt' and the parameters
122: This R script defines an 'exprSign' that takes two arguments - the expression and its desired signing. It splits it
123: This R script checks if the input number 'is an even' or not. It does so by using modulo operator to
124: This R script defines an inverted version of the Bertrand'e radius formula which converts speed from knots to
125: A simple R script that counts the occurrence of given word within multiple text files.  It takes three arguments - 'documents
126: This R script creates an URL list by appending the given prefix to each of its input strings and returns them as one string
127: This R script implements the logic of comparing two numbers and returns true if all conditions are met. The comparison is made with partial
128: This R script defines an anonymous or named "stripLibrary" that takes in one argument - the name of any package. It
129: This R script defines an anonymous or named "wrap" that takes two arguments. The first argument is the input number 'X
130: This R script defines an SQL Name formatter. It takes in the string of names and replaces spaces with underscores
131: A simple R script that defines an 'hello' object which greets the user by their given or defaulted names. If
132: This R script checks if the inputted string is at least 8 characters long and contains both lowercase letters, upper case
133: This R script defines the 'guessKeys' Function. It takes as input data and returns names of keys in first element
134: A simple R script that converts year to 4 digits. It takes an input of two characters and returns the string
135: This R script defines the mean squared error loss as an object named "GetMSE". It takes two vectors of equal
136: This R script defines an 'onImage' object that checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of any image in its input
137: A simple R script to calculate the Factorial of an input number. The result is returned as output from within another line using
138: This R script cleans the string by removing certain characters and replacing spaces with dashes. It also converts all letters to lower
139: This R script calculates Standardized Root Relative Error between two vectors. The inputs should all have equal lengths and are used
140: This R script cleans the bibtex item strings by removing leading and trailing whitespace, replacing "{" with nothing ("
141: A simple R script that adds two integers.  Code is written in one line and uses the "return" statement to output
142: This R script implements the Newton's method to compute square root. It starts with an initial guess, then iteratively ref
143: Create an R script that takes in the temperature and returns whether it's safe to drink water or not. If temp is
144: This R script checks if the input URL starts with "/" or not. If it does start then returns FALSE else TRUE indicating
145: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "anti vowels" functions that takes in one argument - the input string
146: A record generator in R. It takes two arguments - 'ip' and the data frame containing queries to generate records from it
147: This R script defines an anonymous or "full" version of the `getFullName` method that retrieves and returns names
148: This R script defines the 'linear decay' or exponentially decreasing model. The parameters are as follows; starting value of "
149: This R script checks whether all test cases have passed or not. It iterates over the given 'Report' object and returns
150: This R script takes an input of type 'Image' and returns the same Image but with all pixel values multiplied by two
151: This R script adds an EOL marker to the end of each object in your dataframe. The markers are unique ident
152: This R script combines log messages into one line. It removes any empty strings from the input vector and then pastes all elements
153: This R script defines an 'inRegion' object that checks if the given coordinates are within or outside of specified rectangle. The
154: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument - string and returns the part of that
155: This R script truncates the time by subtracting it from itself. It does not perform any operation on timestamp, but simply
156: This is an implementation of the "Climbing Stairs" problem. It calculates how many ways you can get to
157: This R script defines the 'rules' to expressions conversion from data filter rules into SQL expression format using dplyr package in
158: This R script reads text from multiple files and combines them into one string. The input is an array of filnames which are
159: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'reflect' operation. The input points are reflected along x
160: This R script converts an array of strings into one long string. The first five elements are taken as the initial part and
161: This R script checks if the input is an attachment of PDF file and it'll only consider URL that ends with .PDF
162: A simple R script that defines the tanH activation and its derivative, both of which are used in neural networks to model non
163: This R script defines an average positive value percentage from two given values. The formula used is simple subtraction and multiplication
164: This R script defines the `findSequenceDirection` which takes in one argument, direction - either forward ('f'), reverse('
165: This R script checks whether the input string matches with valid IPv4 addresses or not using regular expressions and basic looping constructs
166: This R script defines the "reverseDots" or abbreviation of name that reverses all dots in its input string
167: This R script counts to float. It takes in three arguments and calculates the difference between two values divided by 16
168: This R script defines the 'find_leastcommonmultiple' or LCM calculation. It uses recursive GCD finding
169: This R script converts an input vector of 'tags' and corresponding timestamps into dictionary format where each key corresponds to
170: This R script defines the 'function' named "GetNormalizeProgress" that takes two arguments - current progress and starting distance
171: This R script generates the value of 'ρ' in an iterative process. The initial values are set to be one divided
172: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument, 'flatten's the input
173: This R script defines the 'getLargerstImage' functions that takes an input of list containing images. It then
174: This R script defines an environment variable replacement mechanism. It checks the name of each environmental variables and returns its corresponding value, or
175: This R script converts HTML special characters into their corresponding entities. It replaces the character ' & ', with its entity equivalent
176: This R script defines the 'normalise' or normalization of text data. It takes as input an object, removes HTML tags
177: This R script defines an Huffmann coding algorithm. The input parameters are two means of the data distribution and it returns one
178: This R script defines an 'formatLabels' Function that takes as input the dictionary of label values and returns them formatted into
179: This R script defines the 'v' variable as an anonymous or inline version of factorial. It takes two parameters - "
180: This R script defines two functions that convert between different types of input. The first converts an underscore string to space separated
181: This R script defines the 'cost' or objective to be 3 times positive and negative inputs plus twice of offsets.
182: A simple R script to generate descriptive statistics of dataframe columns.  It takes two lists as input and returns the concaten
183: Creates an error message with the given text. – Code name is 'err' and it takes one argument - "
184: A simple R script to cut off the last three characters of long strings. If string length is less than or equal 'len
185: This R script checks whether the 'gen' parameter in query parameters exists and either matches or not, returning TRUE/FALSE accordingly
186: This R script defines an "odd" logical operator that checks whether the input number is even or not. It then tests it
187: This is the implementation of Binary Search algorithm in R. It takes an ordered list and searches it using its middle element as
188: This R script defines the model of Susceptible Infected Recovered and Dead individuals in an epidemic. The parameters
189: This R script defines the 'getParam', which is used to extract specific settings from an input object, specifically designed with respect
190: This R script defines an 'if' statement that checks the input parameter ```"Period".``` If it equals to
191: This R script defines an anonymous or named "constant linear" user defined functions. The purpose of the program is to calculate age
192: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed user defined functions named 'beauty'. The beauty validation checks if given value of
193: This R script defines the 'turn' command that takes two arguments. The first argument is an input string representing one of four
194: A simple example of the concept "recursion" in R. The given program is an implementation to check whether or not
195: This R script defines an anonymous or named "roundEven" that rounds down to the nearest even number. It takes one argument
196: This R script calculates the sum of squared differences between two vectors. The difference is calculated by subtracting one vector from
197: This R script defines the 'normedlize to scaled' functionality which converts coordinates from their original scale and position in
198: This R script removes the percent signs from strings. It replaces "%" with "/" in string which is used to denote
199: This R script creates an OAuth application on GitHub using the `github3` package's 'appAuthorizeUrl
200: A simple R script that squares the input number.  Code is written in one line and uses an anonymous or inline definition of
201: This R script defines an "areRelPrime" and its helper functions. The main purpose of the program is to check
202: This R script converts boolean values to strings 'TRUE' or ‘FALSE’ using the built in "if" statement
203: This R script defines an 'add man' style Header. It takes in four arguments - the original string to be added
204: This R script defines the 'getInfoTimstep' which takes in one argument, compTS and returns an information timet
205: This R script creates an anonymous functions that manipulates lists. The first element of the input 'll' is replaced by its
206: A simple R script that cubes the input number x and returns it, or stops with an error message when non numerical inputs
207: A simple R shiny app that creates an HTTP response with status 2XX codes. The input to the 'make'
208: This R script calculates the wettet perimeters of rectangles. It takes two arguments - 'height' and
209: This R script is used to encapsulate the functionality of an encryption and Decryption algorithm. The input parameters are secret key
210: This R script defines an Erlang term decoding/encoding utility that converts hexadecimal strings to binary data and
211: This R script checks whether the input string is in regular intervals format or not by checking various formats of dates and times using regex
212: This R script creates an attribute name generator that appends '_changed' to the input property.  It is used in conjunction
213: A simple R script that creates and returns the temporary file names. The filename is created by appending "temp" to an
214: This R script defines three functions to check the game's status. The first checks whether there are any empty spaces left on
215: This is an R script that defines the 'bound' functions. The purpose of these scripts are simple validation and bounds checking in
216: This R script builds and returns an SQL query string from the inputted list of keywords. The output is constructed by joining all
217: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that rounds the input number to its nearest even integer if it is
218: This is an example of the R programming language's anonymous functions. It takes two arguments, l_ and i., returns
219: This R script defines an 'add' operation on two signals. If the lengths of both inputs are not equal it returns NA
220: This R script filters out the comments in markup language files. It uses regular expressions and replaces specific patterns with an empty
221: This R script checks if the input value 'x' can be interpreted by an integer number system in base 10,
222: This R script creates and returns an object with the string 'leaft' as its first element. It then adds any
223: This R script defines an 'increment' operation that increments the third element of each segment in input string by  one
224: This R script defines the 'normalise_glyphwidth' functions that converts gyphy height and unit from
225: This R script creates an SQL INSERT query with the given table name and parameters. It also handles conflicts by ignoring duplicates
226: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the fuel required to travel given distance. The formula used
227: This R script calculates the product of two vectors. If both input vector lengths are  equal to three it performs element wise
228: This R script filters out the specified dictionary entries based on provided key. The output is returned as an object of class "list
229: This R script defines the 'denorm' or shortened version of normalizing data. It takes in one argument, which
230: This R script creates an unigrams from the input vector of strings. It iterates over each string and adds it to
231: This R script defines an IOCB tagging system that takes in two arguments - 'TTAG': the base type of label
232: This R script splits an input string into author names. It uses the split() command to divide it by 'and'
233: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that deletes the first comment in each input string. The pattern to match
234: This R script defines the 'vector subtraction' operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns their difference element by elements
235: This R script defines the 'goal fitness reached' condition. It checks whether or not our generation has achieved its target fit
236: This R script defines the 'capitalise' or "Cap" Function that takes in one string and returns it with its
237: This R script checks whether the expected port is within or at most one of two ranges specified by destination ports in string format e
238: This R script is designed to generate SQL column names from the input vector of columns. It uses nested loops and string manipulation
239: This R script checks if the number of spaces in 'X' is odd or even. It does so by checking how many
240: This R script implements the phase shift algorithm. It takes as input an array of numbers, and outputs another one where each element
241: This R script defines the 'getStripData()', which takes in one argument, an input string of text. It
242: This R script converts Celsius temperatures to Fahrenheit using the formula f = °C x °
243: This R script defines the 'clean' version of strings that removes NA values and special characters except letters from inputted text but
244: This R script converts an input parameter to zeropadded binary string.  The result is returned as the output of
245: This R script checks if there's an error in the YANDEX response. It does so by checking whether any of
246: This is the R script that converts string to boolean. It takes an input as 'STRING' and returns TRUE if it
247: This R script creates an output that is similar to the input but with each element of 'input' being split into multiple lines
248: This R script defines an ES Base Function that checks whether the input character is one of A, C , G or T in
249: This R script defines the 'pad hex digest' as an input string and length. If it is longer than or equal to
250: This R script converts the input string into an URL that can be used in WolframeAlpha's search feature by
251: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one argument only functions that checks whether the input string 'lines' starts with '#
252: This R script creates an inline colorized version of the input string. It uses escape sequences to change text colors in terminal environments
253: This R script defines an object named "filamentary planar" that takes three arguments L and w. It calculates
254: This R script converts the row and column indices to an index. It takes three arguments - 'row', which is expected
255: This R script creates an object named "pipe_hollow" that calculates the stress of hoops using given parameters.
256: This R script defines the 'findSigFig' functio, which takes in one argument - "Text". It
257: This R script defines an up/ down scaling value based on the provided factors and directions. If no valid input is given it
258: This R script defines an anonymous or named "get" functions that takes in one argument, which is the input parameter called `
259: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes in one argument, the YouTube Video Code and returns its corresponding
260: This R script defines an 'isP angrama' that checks whether the input sentence contains all alphabets from A
261: This R script filters out the keys from 'param' dictionary that are not present within another given default parameter set. It does
262: This R script defines the 'function' named "center_point" that takes in an input list of x and y coordinate
263: A recursive score calculation between two strings based on matching characters in the same position of both input string sequences and returning minimum value
264: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes in one argument as input and returns the list of unique parameter
265: This R script defines the 'getBucksWithoutTag' method which takes two arguments - an object of class "list"
266: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. The name of the program is "interpolation". It takes
267: This R script converts the first character of an identifier into lowercase and then appends all subsequent characters from that point on
268: This R script converts string inputs to boolean values. It checks if the input is in specific predefined strings ("yes
269: This R script defines the 'which bin' or index of an element within specified range. It iterates over each defined "
270: This R script defines the 'most common used element' as an anonymous user defined functions. It takes one argument - list of
271: This R script calculates the net income from selling an item. It takes as input two parameters, sell price and cost prices
272: This R script defines the 'normalise' or standardization of numerics in an array using z score. The input is
273: This R script defines the 'sanitify' orchestrator that cleans up input strings by removing any '-:'
274: This R script defines the 'getNewValues' functions that takes an input vector of numbers and returns another one with only unique
275: This Python script converts JSON dictionary to character format using R programming language – it iterates over the keys of input json
276: This R script creates an identity transformation. It takes in input as the name of any text and converts it into lowercase
277: This R script defines an Empirical Power calculation. It takes two arguments - the true positive rate and false negative rates respectively to
278: This R script defines the 'determine\_Fields' funtion that takes in an object list and returns all unique field/
279: This R script defines the 'code' that generates an oneline version of type and verison information from inputted nodes object
280: This R script defines the 'get_error' probability as ‘q’ divided by ten raised to minus one. The
281: This R script converts RGB values to decimal. It takes an input of three elements, each representing the intensity or brightness level
282: This R script defines the 'removePrefix' method which removes specified strings from beginning of inputted characters in one or more places
283: A simple R script that creates an anonymous or named vector.  It takes two arguments - the first is optional and defaults to
284: This R script converts string inputs into boolean values. It takes in one argument, 'str', and checks whether it is
285: This R script defines the "cleanDirName" functions that cleans directory names by replacing special characters with underscores. The
286: This is the definition of an R script that filters out lines in input data which contain "#" character.  It uses gre
287: This R script defines an 'fit to' operation that resizes images based on the aspect ratio. The image is scaled down
288: This R script defines an 'expand' hexadecimal string. If the input is of length 6 or less it
289: This R script defines an 'perfect' scoring system where the third element of each list is ‘98’. The
290: This R script takes an input string and returns the same output as its Python counterpart. It splits by spaces into individual
291: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 object "findLastDigitPower" that takes three arguments - the number
292: This R script calculates the variance of Binomial distribution.  The formula used is V = npq where '
293: This R script defines the `getCorrectHex`函数 that converts an integer to its corresponding HEX
294: This R script defines the 'cut' or truncation operation. It takes three arguments - an integer `deck` length
295: This R script calculates the width of separation between headers and values in data frames. If there is more space available on one
296: This R script defines the 'shapeffile driver args' which takes in an object of class `distribuition`
297: This R script checks whether the user is allowed to perform certain operations based on their provided set of 'Tags' and requirements.
298: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'getAttrName' method. It takes in input as object
299: This R script replaces all occurrences of specific keywords with their corresponding values from the dictionary provided as input to it using
300: This R script checks if the input string starts with 'https://' or not. It returns TRUE when it does and FALSE
301: This R script removes surrougated pairs from the input string. It checks whether there are any Unicode characters in between
302: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in one argument, v and checks whether it's of
303: This R script checks the debug option provided by user and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether it is set to 'True
304: This R script defines an anonymous or named "proxy" that takes two arguments - the name of one server and its exceptions.
305: This R script defines the 'make\_filename' functions that takes two arguments - fullFilePath and SupportedExtensions.
306: This R script defines an 'get' output from the given list of objects. It checks each object to see whether it has
307: This R script defines an option parser. It takes as input string arguments separated by spaces and returns the ones that start with "-
308: This R script defines the 'shifted' operation which shifts values in an input vector by adding and subtracting constants based on
309: This R script defines the 'digit' of()function that takes an input number and returns its individual digit as numerics
310: This R script defines the velocity space model. The input parameters are 'lambda' and zero rate parameter which is used to calculate
311: This R script updates the configuration of an object. It takes two arguments - 'configuration' and ‘updates’ which are
312: This R script defines an "numberOfPatient" object that takes two vectors as input and returns the count/total unique
313: A simple R script that defines the 'clamp' or constrained minimum and maximum value.  It takes three arguments - "
314: This is the basic structure of an R script that sorts publications by year. It does not do anything useful, as it simply
315: This R script defines two functions that perform the same task but in different ways - matching and unmatching respectively which are used
316: This R script creates an online repository URL extractor that removes the 'http' and '.COM'/'.NET extensions from G
317: This R script checks if the input object "object" belongs to one of several classes that extend from element tree package elements such
318: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes as input the full path of file name and returns only its
319: This R script defines the 'flatten' vectorized operation, which recursively flattens nested lists into one dimension using
320: This R script defines the 'Grid 4d' object which can be used to create and manipulate three dimensional grids
321: This R script creates an object named 'data pad' that pads the input string with leading zeros to make it 3
322: This R script takes as input an object of class 'AlignmentResult' and returns two values - the percentage number traces that
323: This R script defines two functions. The first one calculates the value of 'd' based on given parameters and returns it
324: This R script defines the linear regression model. It takes two parameters - 'X' and ‘y’ which are vectors
325: This R script converts the input 'domain' object into dictionary format. The output is an ordered pair of domain name and
326: This R script replaces all numbers with the symbol '<>'. The input is expected to be log data, and it will
327: This R script checks if the product of two numbers is greater than 5. If it's not then returns TRUE else
328: This R script cleans the SQL syntax by removing all non alphanumeric characters.  It takes an input string and returns
329: This R script calculates the loss between two vectors using squared difference.  The result is an elementwise subtraction of
330: A simple R script that defines and uses the "greet" functions. This one takes an input of type string
331: A simple R script that scales an input number by the provided scale/factors in one line of codes using '*'.
332: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers less than 'input' that are divisible by either three or five.
333: This R script defines the 'getModuleProperties' Function. It takes as input an object of class "list" and returns
334: A simple monitoring queue that always returns TRUE. This is useful in testing and debugging purposes where you want to keep track of
335: This R script defines the 'get\_text'函数 that takes in an object of class \`wordList\
336: This R script defines the 'formatDate()'. It formats dates in standard YYYYMMDDHHmmSS style and
337: This R script calculates the sum of squares using base functions in an efficient way with one line only  Code snippet
338: This R script calculates the present value of an investment. It takes four arguments; 'n', number per year to be
339: This R script defines the 'drill' operation which is used to extract values from nested lists or data frames based on field
340: This R script fixes the 'Static' and '_Global'_ keywords to their correct form. It replaces all occurrences
341: This R script partitions an input matrix into chunks of size 'n'. The result is returned as another list where each element
342: This R script converts the input string to its binary equivalent. The 'str' stands in place of "convert". It
343: A simple R script that reads binary data from the specified path and then converts it into Base 65 encoded string.
344: This R script defines the 'make' or boolean version of an input. It takes in one argument, which should be either
345: This R script checks whether the input string is empty and contains "#" symbol. If true then returns FALSE else TRUE indicating that
346: This R script defines the 'mod' operation. It takes two arguments and returns their remainder when divided by each other using '%
347: This R script defines the 'function' named "sign" that takes an input number and returns 1 if it is positive
348: This R script checks whether the match coverage of any given licenses list falls below or equals to certain value. If it does
349: This R script calculates the memory usage of an operating system. It takes as input two vectors, one representing total physical and
350: A simple R script that converts all uppercase characters in the input string to their corresponding “lowercase” equivalent
351: This R script defines an AWS SSM parameter ARN generator. It takes three arguments - the AWS Region and Account ID
352: A recursive, multidimensional array flattener. It uses the 'unlst' and '_s',
353: This R script checks whether an id exists in the given list of paths. It does so by checking to see that each element
354: This R script converts all uppercase characters in the input string into lower case.  It uses builtin 'tol
355: This R script applies an equation to the input data. The first element of 'equation' is multiplied by "X"
356: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isComment" that checks if the first character of input string s equals to "#
357: This R script applies velocites to the positions of moons. It iterates over each moon and its dimensions within an object
358: This R script checks if the input list 'x' can be transformed into an "is magic" matrix. An array of
359: This R script calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input parameters 'Unit' and
360: This R script defines the 'blockTransCenterToSide' as an anonymous Sexpration Function that takes in six parameters and
361: This R script defines an anonymous or named "formatDecimals" that takes two arguments - 'Value' and the optional
362: This R script compares two lists. If the lengths of both input vectors are not equal it returns FALSE immediately because they cannot
363: This R script defines an 'interpolation' or "weighted average" calculation. The weighted averages are calculated by
364: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'interest' calculation. The user provides parameters like total
365: This R script modifies the input list 'list' based on an integer value of ‘pieces’. The pieces
366: This R script defines the "zapped" x and o value to character conversion. It takes in an input of two elements
367: This R script is designed to extract the value of "Subject" header from an array. If no such element exists, it
368: This R script defines an anonymous or global element that checks whether the input string contains any domain names with leading tilde ("~$
369: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'delay' calculation from offsets in time series data using functions and
370: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that checks if the absolute difference between two numbers falls within specified range.
371: This R script cleans the labels in an input network. It replaces certain patterns with other strings, such as replacing "et
372: This R script defines an anonymous ("one line" version of the original one using `function` keyword and defining variables with descript
373: This R script defines the 'list union' operation. It takes two lists as input and returns their combined set of elements in
374: This R script compares two lists and checks whether they are unhashing or not by comparing their elements one after another using
375: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the area of Rhumbuses. The formula used is
376: This R script converts the input in Square Metres to Hectares. The conversion factor is defined as one Sq
377: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits value within given range.  It takes three arguments - 'min'
378: This R script creates an abstract syntax tree representation of the given data structure. The first part defines functions to create and format contract
379: This R script defines and implements functions to validate whether input strings are valid IP addresses. It checks that inputs match either standard formats
380: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that prints to the console each time it is called with certain parameters.
381: This R script checks whether the input sort module equals to 'count' and returns TRUE when it does, otherwise FALSE. It
382: This R script defines the 'normalize' or normalization of scores to ‘percentage’. It takes two arguments -
383: This R script converts the given RAW Longitudes and Latitutes into their equivalent degrees of decimal format after scaling them
384: This R script defines an anonymous or named "get file lines" that takes in one argument, the name of any text (.
385: This R script removes the embedded share url and other unwanted strings from given input. It also handles multiple instances of numbers in
386: This R script defines an 'negation' or inverse operation on numerics and logicals. It takes as input any object
387: A recursive solution to the problem of flattending lists in R using list processing functions from 'purrr' package
388: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getExpressioNS" that takes five arguments. The first three are used
389: This R script defines the 'getRouterPort' functions that extracts router and ports from an inputted object. The
390: This is an implementation of the Newton's method, which finds successively better approximations to roots or zeroes. The
391: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version named `compute_number` that takes two arguments - the upper limit on delta
392: This R script defines an anonymous or named "parent" functions that takes in one argument, the input parameter is called as `
393: This R script converts the input string to uppercase. It uses an anonymous inline r markdown syntax and also includes some
394: This R script solves the problem of finding shortest path between nodes using Dijkstra's algorithm. It keeps
395: This R script adds periods at the end of sentences. It checks whether sentence is longer than one character and ends with certain punct
396: This R script defines an 'find' or search functionality that looks into the rows of data. It starts from last row and
397: This R script defines the 'new linear flow show' object. It takes two steps as input and prints out an ordered sequence
398: This R script parses hexadecimal strings into lists of numbers. If the string contains more than one separator ("
399: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments; one is the sequence of DNA sequences and
400: This R script defines the 'data storage account settings' functionality, which takes in configuration object and returns character string of stored setting
401: A simple R script that calculates the product of all numbers from 1 to n. This is done using sequence and prod
402: This R script converts numerics to integers, but only when they are both integer and nonnegative numbers respectively; otherwise it
403: This R script defines the 'getAttrKey' method which retrieves an attribute value from given dataset based on its name.
404: This is an R script that converts string inputs to boolean values using the as logical() conversion method in base r programming language
405: This R script defines an OWL or SKOS related functions that takes two arguments - 'labels' and the dictionary of
406: This R script creates an scribe topic based on the provided parameters. The output of 'make\_scape\' is in format
407: This R script is designed to extract the extension from video IDs. The input videoid should be in format 'v
408: This R script defines the 'determineVar' orchestrating multiplication of two variables. The first parameter is multiplied
409: This R script creates an RGB color scheme using ANSI escape codes. It allows the user to specify any two characters as
410: This R script converts an object to list by applying the specified order of fields. If any operation fails due some exception it
411: A simple R script that removes all instances of the specified characters from an input string.  It uses loop and regular expressions as
412: This R script defines an 'delete' operation that deletes the specified element from each sublists of inputted vector. The
413: This R script defines an anonymous or "non-" named one line functions that calculates the maximum distance between two places and their
414: This R script calculates the range of values in an input vector, taking into account whether or not there are more than three
415: This R script defines an 'extract' or helper functions that takes in parameters and adjusts the values of certain key parameter
416: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" functions that concatenates its arguments. The result is the sum of these inputs
417: This R script removes the parentheses from an input string. It splits by " (" and takes only first element of
418: This R script converts the input string into an integer using base 10 system, if possible; otherwise it returns NA
419: This R script converts the given value to its decimal equivalent by removing any percentages and then dividing it with ten zero
420: This R script defines an 'inches' to centimeters conversion using the formula ‘inch *  0 .3
421: This R script filters out the specified 'skip' or "to be skipped" list of word from inputted vector.
422: This R script creates an anonymous or "timestamped version of the current time in UTC."  It uses S4P functions
423: This R script calculates the alpha parameter of an object given its distance and velocity in solar units per second using gravitational constant as
424: This R script reads in numerics from strings with dashes (-), and replaces them by periods (".") to convert the
425: This R script defines the 'distribute tasks' functionality. It takes two arguments - number of elements to be distributed and memory
426: This R script checks if the given directory or filename exists. It uses "file" command to check existence of files and directories
427: This R script calculates the Chi Square statistic between two vectors of data points with associated error bars using an iterative approach
428: Creates CloudWatch Events rule based on source type – AWS EC3 instances only in R environment using the given parameters as
429: This R script defines the 'flatten' operation on nested lists using recursion and returns an unnested list of elements
430: This R script defines the 'cry' constraint on an input value. If it is less than two hundred, then set
431: This R script defines an 'control' start, which takes in command input and decides whether it should proceed with the instructions
432: This R script checks whether the result of an analysis has been validated by checking that it's not null and also ensures
433: This R script creates an object that retrieves the unique pointer from any given input. It does so by accessing and returning values
434: A simple R script that computes the summation between two numbers. It checks whether both inputs are within specified range and stops
435: This R script defines an anonymous or named "findDivisor" that takes one argument x and returns all the factors of '
436: This R script defines the 'determine status' functionality. It takes as input an object of class "response" and returns
437: This R script creates an URL based on the date of interest in GDELT project data by using pasted variables and string
438: This R script defines the 'normalize' or categorises number of homologies into different groups based on their value. The
439: A simple R script that takes in two arguments - "Family" and the optional argument named as Style. If no second parameter
440: This is the definition of an R script that performs simple Linear Regression. It takes three arguments - two vectors 'X
441: This R script cleans the path by replacing all spaces with underscores.  It takes as input one string, 's
442: A simple R script that adds two numbers. It uses an anonymous or inline definition of addition in one line using '+'.
443: This R script defines the 'cubOctalayer' as an anonymous S3 method that calculates and returns 0
444: This R script checks whether two strings are permutations of each other. It does so by comparing the lengths and character counts between
445: This R script checks if the given input string starts with an option (- or +), followed by ":" in its subsequent characters
446: This R script defines an anonymous mathematical map list that maps the input values from one range into another. The mapping is done by
447: This R script creates palidromes by recursively calling itself. The base case is when the starting and ending values are
448: This R script defines the 'rescaling' or scaling of numeric values between two ranges using linear interpolation method in
449: This R script replaces certain special symbols in the input string. It firstly removes any space and then strips out anything that
450: This R script creates an invalid variable name comment. It takes in the input of 'Invalid' and returns it as output with
451: This R script removes the -i argument from an input vector. It keeps all other arguments as they are unless preceded by
452: This R script defines an anonymous ("sluggish") or "inline" version of the `gSub` command that repl
453: This R script defines two functions that calculate the partial derivatives of phi with respect to xx and dyy. The first one
454: This R script merges the first and second elements of each line with their corresponding scoring data from 'scoring' vector or
455: A simple linear regression model that takes three parameters. The first two are the coefficients of x and y respectively while third parameter is
456: This R script checks whether the length of input string is greater than or equal to specified maximum size. If it's true
457: This R script checks if the first number in its arguments are divisble by another. It does so using modulus operator
458: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that calculates the number of iterations needed to complete one evaluation loop with
459: This R script checks the grammar of input strings. It counts opening and closing brackets, double quotes or single quotation marks
460: This R script defines an 'trycatch' block to handle errors in the `check` method of objects that are instances from
461: A recursive implementation of the Factorial Function in R. The base case is when 'n' equals to one or zero
462: This R script builds an SURL list from the input file names and AWS'S Bucket name using looping construct to
463: This R script checks if the input 'action' equals to square of given number ('Board size'). If it does then
464: This Python script replaces underscores in the input string with spaces and then prints out 'python' followed by whatever comes
465: This R script defines the `translate` command to convert between different levels of confidences in an experiment design context - L
466: This R script calculates the time it takes to charge an electric vehicle based on its energy consumption and cost. The calculation is
467: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that converts three numbers into two values based on the formula provided in its
468: This R script defines an 'add' or operation that adds the input parameter "time line" to end of list. The
469: This R script generates the command to run an external Python program. The inputs are JSON formatted data and outputs in another format as
470: This R script calculates the mean of an input vector. It takes two arguments - 'instances' and ‘item
471: This R script defines an anonymous or named "invocations" that takes two arguments - the name of any given user defined
472: A simplified version of the R programming language that simplifies string list into one long line.  It uses comma and space as
473: This R script defines the 'generate_one' row with parameters. It creates and returns an object of class "list"
474: This R script takes an input string s and splits it into individual lines. The result is returned as the output of your
475: This R script defines the 'precision' or sensitivity of an algorithm based on true positives and false positive rates provided by
476: This R script defines the 'parabola' or percent absorptive decay model. It takes two arguments; time and
477: A simple R script to convert time in secs into day/hour format. The output is returned as an object of class
478: This R script checks if the input 'on board' is within valid coordinates.  The first and second elements of vector are
479: This is an implementation of the "while" loop with given '<' operator in R. It takes as input any number
480: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'startwith' functionality. It checks whether given string
481: This R script cleans the input string by removing unwanted characters. It replaces special character with space and removes extra spaces in
482: This R script calculates the parameter 'm' in linear regression model. The parameters are given as input to calculate it using
483: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional replacement of the 'replace' method in Python. It takes two arguments - url
484: This R script defines the 'stripPrefix' functions that removes specified strings from start of inputted characters. It checks whether given
485: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'warn' or warning message. It takes in input as flag
486: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the area of circle using its radius as input parameter r
487: This R script defines an 'clip' path that takes as input the full directory or filename and returns only its name. It
488: This R script checks if all rules in the input 'rules' have succeeded. If not it returns FALSE else TRUE –
489: This R script defines an exponential operation. It takes two numbers as input and returns the result of raising one number to power another
490: This R script creates an appropriate folder name based on the configuration of different jobs in your application's workflow using singularities and
491: This R script defines the 'nearestPoints' functions which takes in two parameters and returns their corresponding row/column indices rounded
492: This R script calculates the center of rectangle given its coordinates. The input is an array with four elements representing top left and
493: This R script defines the 'shouldPrintRow' logical operator. It checks whether an entry number is within some maximum limit or
494: A simple R implementation of the Square Loss Function. It takes two vectors as input and returns their mean squared error loss
495: This R script defines an anonymous user agreement decision based on the percentage of users who agree to certain terms. The input parameters are
496: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'if' statement in order not only checks whether |value
497: A custom tick formater that formats the x axis ticks based on their values modulo by ten and five respectively when they
498: This R script calculates the finessey of an object based on its full screen resolution. The calculation is done by div
499: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in the tap stream id as input and returns only first word
500: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getEventName' method, which takes as input one
501: A R Markdown document that takes an input string and returns the same output with 'approximately matched' text highlighted.
502: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'canonicalized' address formatting. It checks whether or
503: This R script converts the input in days to seconds. It multiplies it by number of hours, minutes and second per
504: This R script defines an anonymous or named "constrains" that takes three arguments - 'lower', and the value to
505: This R script defines an 'interval overlap' calculation. It takes four arguments and checks whether the intervals defined by these two points
506: This R script calculates the normalization factor of an input spectrum. The formula used is based on standard deviation and sample size difference
507: A simple R script that creates an instance of the Modus API. The url and data are passed to create instances in it
508: This R script defines the "determineColor"函数. The input parameters are two numeric values representing system limits
509: This R script cleans the filenames by converting their extensions from .JPEG or JPG/WEBP/.PN
510: This is the definition of an anonymous R programming script that calculates and returns values based on input parameters. The formula used in
511: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the intensity calculation. The input parameters are q and its position in
512: A R script that creates and returns an object of class "dictionary" with the specified parameters in one line using tidy
513: This is an R script that takes in the uid of user and returns their PIN from it by taking last four dig
514: This R script removes the HTTP request body from an incoming client and context object. If there is any 'HTTP' in either
515: This R script defines the `get_prduct` from time scales. It checks whether input is in specific validated list
516: This R script calculates the trajectory's total number of actions.  It takes as input an object with 'actions',
517: This R script defines the 'default case' object. It takes three arguments - an experimental identifier and two identifiers which are
518: This R script checks whether the given command exists in your environment or not by using 'system' and its output checking feature to
519: This R script defines an SFD calculation correction based on the inputted reddering index 'e'. It then returns four
520: A simple R script that replaces all instances of "dd" and uppercase D with the character e in input string,
521: This R script is designed to translate the first occurrence of an English phrase within another language into Spanish. If no match found it
522: This R script defines the 'tiles' key. The tiles are defined as pairs of integers, where each pair represents an
523: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that parses integer input from various forms such NULL, NONE and
524: This R script creates an equivalent of the tcl/tk command "ttest" in Python. It takes as input two
525: This R script defines an anonymous or named "alist" getter. It takes two arguments - data and the 'keys
526: This R script counts the number of failed students based on their scores. It takes an input vector 'studnetScores
527: This R script defines the 'zero pad' or leading zeros functionality. It takes an input vector and returns it with any
528: This R script calculates the nth term of geometric progressions. The first two terms are provided and their common ratio determines
529: This R script replaces all occurrences of characters from the second string with those found within first. The result is then
530: This R script defines the vector division operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns another one with each element being divided by
531: A simple R script that converts numerics to VARCHAR format based on the input value of 'pg_*' functions in PostgreSQL
532: This R script defines the 'wheel\_slide\' velocity calculation. It takes three arguments - vehicle speed v and friction factor
533: This R script splits the input text segment ID into two parts - business name and fragment number using hyphen (-). It
534: This R script creates and returns the values of an object in form that can be used to construct other objects or structures within your
535: This R script converts an integer to binary representation. It takes two arguments - the number and its decimal place count respectively which
536: This R script defines the 'soft_thrshold' operator. It takes two arguments z and l which are used to
537: This R script defines the 'sign'函数 that takes an input and returns its positive or negative value based on whether
538: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" functions that calculates the ratio of two numbers. The input parameters are multi
539: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'toupp' and '_diffe',nentia
540: This R script defines an 'getFolder' named vector. The input is the id of any kind and it returns string "
541: This R script defines the 'get_number' and '-digit'-functions to extract numerator ('numer') from an
542: A simple R script to create and store the parameters of an experiment in one line.  The output is returned as part object
543: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation on data frames based upon field name provided in input parameter
544: This R script calculates the number of elements in an array that are "TRUE".  It does so by using logical operators
545: This R script converts names of rock, spock etc. into numbers using the rules provided in an input parameter 'code
546: This R script defines the 'get_halvestar' funtion, which takes an input parameter and returns it as
547: This R script counts the number of infected people in population.  It takes as input an object pop, which should be assumed
548: This R script defines an object named 'learning rate' which is calculated based on the input parameters. The learning rates are adjusted
549: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getOverLap" that takes two vectors as input and returns the minimum of
550: This R script defines the 'next velocity' calculation as per given parameters vel=initial speed ,  acceleration = initial change in
551: This R script converts all spaces in the input "string" to underscores.  It's useful when you
552: This R script calculates the Elo rating of an item based on its performance and how likely it is to be correct given
553: This R script calculates the quality scale factor based on Sw and Syn. The formula used is "quality_factor=sw
554: This R script checks if the input string only contains alphanumeric characters and spaces or hyphens using regular expressions in one
555: This R script defines the 'score' or comparison operator. It takes two arguments and returns 0 when they are equal;
556: This R script calculates the sum of numbers from 1 to limit and then squares it. The result is returned by an
557: This R script defines an 'clip' scalar that clips the input values between specified minimum and maximum boundaries using vectorized operations
558: This R script writes the input sentence vector into an output text (.txt or .csv etc.) using utf – eight character
559: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getField" that takes two arguments - 'data' and the list of fields
560: This R script retrieves the host name of projects hosted on different media wikipedia sites using their respective APIs and returns them
561: This R script fixes the ensureTimeAttribut in JSON object. If there are no attributes present then it adds time attribute to
562: This R script defines an object named "dist" that calculates the total traveled by flinging. The parameters are '
563: A simple R script to calculate the frame size based on given file speed and desired output duration. The input is in KB or
564: This R script defines the 'test' row, which checks if an input number is divisible by four. The result of
565: This R script defines the 'getPreferedTaxonName' functions that takes three arguments - an input of species IDs
566: This R script creates an array of numbers and returns the sorted version with duplicates removed. The result is then printed to console
567: This R script defines an anonymous or "Lease Grad" algorithm that finds the least number of nodes connected. The adjac
568: A simple R script to convert hours into seconds. The input is three parameters h=hours;m = minutes and ;s
569: This R script defines the 'get\_oneLinePattern' Function that takes in an input parameter as pattern and returns regular expression
570: This R script defines the 'getBoardCopy' functions that takes in an input of type "game" and returns its
571: This R script defines an 'reinde'nt()'-function that takes two arguments - source text src and the level
572: A simple R script that converts character to numerics, but only when the input is ‘digit’ characters and
573: This R script creates an anonymous or "make" drawing response based on the input parameter. The output is formatted as follows -
574: This R script removes all digit characters from the given string. The input and output are both strings, with an example of
575: A simple R script that adds two strings.  It takes in input parameters 'b' and concatenates it with the string
576: This R script converts integer labels to string representations of the types. The input is an argument that represents different levels or categories
577: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes two arguments - 'value' and the URL. If there is
578: This R script combines two histograms into one. It takes as input the current and historical data of an experiment or study
579: This R script defines an elementary operation that calculates the absolute error between two values. The result is returned as output of our
580: This R script defines the 'parseDetExId' that takes in an input string of format "prefix-" and returns it
581: This R script creates an OS CLI command based on the secrets provided. It uses openStack's cli tool to
582: This R script removes the start time from each data point. It subtractes starting timestamp of first observation to all other observations
583: This R script cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces. It uses regular expressions to find sequences of one
584: This R script defines an 'uribase' that takes in URI as input and returns the base part of it. It
585: This R script converts UUIDs to string format using the str_c() and asciiToUtf8().
586: This R script creates an HTML string from the inputted keyword list. The output is formatted as bold text and includes all of
587: This is an implementation of the CGA signature algorithm. The input to 'cga' determines whether it should be positive or
588: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'formatTime' that takes in minutes and seconds separated by
589: This R script checks if the input cell object belongs to class MergerdCel.  It uses builtin '
590: This R script checks if either of the two input parameters are less than or equal to zero. If so it returns TRUE;
591: This R script takes an input string and returns the same output as its JavaScript counterpart. It reverses each character of every
592: This R script checks if the argument passed to an API call matches one of two predefined arguments. The first and second
593: This R script checks the input parameters to determine whether or not it is possible that spike detection will occur based on given conditions
594: This R script converts Farenheight to Kilometers using the formula of conversion from Celsius and adding
595: This R script fixes the single tuple issue in an input vector. If it's only one element long, then returns that
596: This R script defines the 'range' and min/ max functions. It then creates an anonymous user defined named "<an
597: This R script defines the linear model of age effect on weight loss. The input is an array 't' which represents time
598: This R script defines the 'flash' class with an initializer that changes error categories to danger. This is useful
599: A simple R script that converts RGB values to hexadecimal.  It takes three arguments representing the red green and
600: This R script defines an object named "sequence" that takes three arguments - nTh term number to be calculated and the initial
601: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form that converts numeric input into strings with leading zeros,
602: This R script defines an 'get include' or overlap calculation between two bounding boxes. The input is the coordinates of each
603: This R script converts the input string to uppercase and then checks whether it is equal or not, in case of equality
604: This is the definition of an R script that calculates power. It takes in one argument, 'power', and returns its
605: This R script converts factor variables into character strings. If the input is not already in string format it will convert them and
606: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes directory name as input and returns the library/alias from it
607: This R script checks if the input 'x' can be considered as an integer by checking whether it’s numerically and
608: This R script defines an anonymous or "additional" middle points generator. It takes two coordinates and the number of desired intermediate
609: This is the definition of an R script that checks whether two given indices are equal or not. It returns ‘TRUE’
610: This R script defines an "additional" article prefix depending on the first letter of input string. The additional articles are either
611: This R script converts the first and second elements of each element within an input list to integers, if they are not already
612: This R script defines an 'abis' or abbreviated bytecode definitions. It takes in two arguments - the ABI of
613: This R script calculates the percentage difference between stock price and an assumed long term mean value of prices in relation to their current
614: A simple R script to generate EtherScan URL based on the network name provided as input parameter 'network'.  If it
615: This R script defines the 'function' named ```cleannames``` that takes in one argument, which is supposed to
616: This R script checks if the given coordinates are inside an arbitrary rectangle. The input parameters represent left and top positions of rectangles
617: This R script is designed as an example of how one might use the grepl() and paste0 functions in combination with regular
618: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - 'Step' and the number of steps
619: This R script creates an "createHeader" that takes in the dictionary of movies and returns its corresponding Header. The Title
620: This is the implementation of Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The base cases are defined as n=[{
621: This R script generates series UIDs from the default one and appending an integer number.  The output is generated by
622: A simple R script to implement the Collatz Conjecture. It takes an input integer and returns its next value according
623: A simple, one line R script that returns the input number 'n'.  It's just an example.   This
624: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "anonymous" functions that takes in one argument. If the input is
625: This R script defines an anonymous, one argument functions that counts the number of page views per user. It iterates over each
626: This R script defines the 'normalise' or normalization of largest bin to one. It takes as input an integer vector and
627: This is an implementation of the "Rectangle Contains Point" algorithm. It checks whether or not any rectangle within 'vector
628: This R script checks whether the given 'StatsBoard' dataset is consistent with provided list of "on stage". It ver
629: This R script defines an "OddEven" object that takes in one argument, x. It checks whether the input is
630: This R script defines the 'LUM DOUBLE POWER LAW' model. The input parameters are Lumin
631: This R script verifies whether the URL is related to YouTube or not by checking two specific patterns in it, "youTube
632: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument - the person's current earth year
633: This R script processes the results from MMTracks and returns them formatted into an object that can be used by other functions
634: This R script creates an object that can be used to print the current position of cursor in console. The "tab" command
635: This R script fetches the extra data related to CERN personnel. The input is assumed as 'Chern Person ID
636: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in input as string and returns the same output. The purpose
637: This R script cleans the input string by replacing all spaces with '|' characters.  It is used to preprocess data
638: This R script defines the equation of motion model. The parameters are all dependent on each other and can be varied to fit different
639: This R script creates an object named 'work' that contains the value of AVALON WORKS directory.  The
640: This R script computes the cosine of φ in degrees given dx and dy. The result is then normalized to
641: This R script creates an anonymous or named vector of functions that convert numbers to strings with three decimal places. The output is the
642: This R script creates an anonymous user session and returns the Session ID if it exists. If not found then null is returned instead
643: This R script converts an xrandrg output to its corresponding index in the range of [min, max]. The conversion
644: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes as input the query string and returns it parsed into key/
645: This R script defines an auxiliary functions that calculates the dispersion coefficient based on given parameters - Dispersive Modulus and Dist
646: This R script checks if the length of tokens exceeds given sequence len to accept.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether
647: This is an R script that calculates the value of 'I' based on given parameters. The formula used to calculate it
648: This R script checks if the input object other belongs to class Segmenet.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether
649: This R script defines the 'dominants' or greater than/lesserthan comparison between two vectors of equal lengths.
650: This R script defines the 'testTelecopses' funtion. It checks whether all elements in an input vector are
651: This R script converts pixel per inch to micron resolution using the formula 39867 microseconds in one
652: This R script defines the 'normailze' orchestrator that splits input string into partitions based on pipe character
653: This R script defines an anonymous or "should we end early" logic. It checks if the logger argument is NULL and returns
654: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the polynomial summation operation. The coefficients are multiplied by their
655: This R script defines an anonymous or named "safe" min() in the form of one line. It checks whether values are
656: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'isEven' logical condition. It checks if input
657: This R script defines an anonymous or "distance" calculation between two cells in the form of coordinates. The input is expected as
658: This R script defines an 'getRank' that assigns different ranks to game levels based on the input level. The
659: This R script calculaes the mean and variance of an input vector. The user must provide three arguments; one is '
660: A recursive R script to retrieve the value of specified metric from nested JSON object.  It uses an array as input and
661: This R script checks whether an array already existed within the list of previously generated arrays. If it does exist then returns TRUE else
662: A simple R script that creates an object with the PR ID and some basic details about it in addition to its diff content as
663: This R script defines an anonymous or named vector 'dblLinear' that generates the sequence of numbers as described in its documentation
664: This R script creates an anonymous replication of the input list. If it's only one element long and is not repeated in
665: This R script checks whether the 'avg' and/or highest score data is present in provided complexity dataset, returning TRUE
666: This R script defines an anonymous or named "strBool" that takes in one argument, b. If the input is TRUE
667: This R script defines an 'personal top three' scoring system. It takes in scores as input and returns the highest ‘
668: This R script calculates the value of an equation based on input x. The formula used is √[a*(
669: This R script checks if the HTTP status codes are error or not by using an anonymous functions and regular expressions in substr() method
670: This R script defines the 'function' named "pitc" which calculates and returns an integer based on input parameters,
671: This R script defines an 'unique' list that removes duplicates from the input sequence. If no argument is provided, it
672: This R script checks if the provided range of numbers are within valid integer values between 1 and max value limit set to '
673: This R script defines the 'get\_uriname' functions that takes in an URI and returns its name component from it
674: This R script tokenizes the input string by splitting it into separate tokens using space as delimiter. It also removes leading
675: This R script defines the 'getBoxDelta' functions which calculates delta values based on half widths in pixels and returns
676: Julia's quadratic formula implementation with an additional check to terminates after reaching the given 'maximum iterations'. The algorithm calcul
677: This R script defines the 'get_widht' funtion that calculates and returns an integer value based on input number
678: This R script defines an 'extract\_related metrics' functions that takes as input the configuration object and returns all unique measure
679: This R script checks if two numbers are of the same parity. It does so by checking whether n and m have an
680: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional computation that calculates the number of knots in curve fitting using least squares method
681: This R script converts an integer number to decimal. It takes two arguments - the input numeric value and its base which
682: This R script creates an object called "makeNewGetUserResponse" that takes in one argument 'Row' and returns the
683: This R script defines the 'nextLegalChar' Function. It takes an input character and returns its successor, but only
684: A recursive implementation of the mathematical operation "piwo" in R. The base and exponent are passed to it as arguments
685: This R script defines an anonymous or named vector that takes in one argument, 'channnel id' and returns the string
686: This R script checks if the first element of departure vector is not in specified list. If it's neither CRUIZE
687: This R script defines the 'getCenter' functio, which takes in two vectors of length 8 representing bounding
688: This R script defines the 'match' or "matches" operation between two sequences of observations. It counts how many times
689: This R script creates an ordered dictionary of raft and sensor data types from the input acquisition dict object using nested loops to tra
690: This R script defines an argument checking mechanism that converts numeric arguments to boolean values based on their string representation in the input
691: This R script defines the 'getSchemaFromName' functions that takes in an input string and returns either NULL or schema name
692: This is the Joseph's survival problem solved using recursion. The solution involves finding out who will survive after each round of
693: A simple one line R script to perform the operation of multiplying x by coefficient 'a' and adding constant term.
694: This R script defines the 'matches' functions that checks whether any of given label is present or not. It takes two
695: This R script creates an alias named 'make\_local' that takes two arguments - reference and the name of your desired branch
696: This R script defines the conversion of integer labels to string. The input is an 'integer' label, and it returns corresponding
697: A simple yet effective way to calculate the Pearson Correlation Coefficient. The input parameters are x and c; where '
698: This R script calculates the difference between two points and divides it by one less than number of intervals. It's
699: This is the definition of an R script that tests whether certain conditions are met to be considered climate aware in terms related with scientific
700: This R script defines the "function" named `statu`. It checks whether there is any problem with solving and determines
701: This R script calculates the square of each number in an input vector.  It then sums these squares and returns that value
702: This R script defines an 'length scale' conversion factor based on the input name parameter and returns its corresponding numeric equivalent in
703: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'leastDistance' algorithm. It takes three numbers as
704: This R script defines an anonymous or named mathematical equation. The name of the output is "polynomial". It takes five
705: This R script defines the 'get\_ ov s p dp dy n cfg' functions which checks whether OVS
706: This is the first version of VR Function in R, which calculates Fractional Mean Square Method with respect to
707: This R script checks whether all columns of the input matrix are square matrices. It does so by iterating over each column and
708: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getValidUUIDs" that takes three arguments - 'uuid', ‘Full
709: This R script checks if the input item has exactly two elements. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or an
710: This R script checks whether the input string contains spaces or colons. If it does, then returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE indicating
711: This R script calculates the average heart rate based on beater per minute. The input parameters are number of beat and time
712: This R script converts the first letter of each word in input text into uppercase and all other letters are converted lower case
713: This R script checks whether the input filename ends with ".yam" or not using regular expressions in Perlish language and returns
714: This R script defines the 'benchmark' select sklearn metrics. It takes an input parameter as string and returns corresponding output
715: This R script checks whether the input string contains balanced parenthesis. It does so by counting open and closed brackets from left
716: This R script finds the number of occurrencies an input value is found within each dictionary item. The result will be returned
717: This R script creates an interface parameters object. It takes six arguments - 'TypeID', the ID of your service or application
718: This R script removes the HTML tags '<>' from text. It takes as input an argument, which is supposed to be
719: This R script defines an anonymous or named "simplify mod product" that takes three arguments; the first two are integers
720: This R script defines an anonymous or named "flip" that takes in two arguments - the input matrix and either left ('
721: This R script defines the 'formatMessage' that formats an input message to ensure it is not longer than 19 characters
722: This R script defines two functions that take as input ‘A’ and 'B' configurations. The first one merges
723: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" functions that calculates the wheel speed based on encoder values and time difference.
724: This R script checks whether the input is NULL and, in case it's not null - returns an application model from raw
725: A simple R script that converts strings into boolean values. It takes care of case insensitivity and returns NULL when the
726: This R script processes data by applying the same operation to each element of an input vector. The result is returned as another structure
727: This R script defines an anonymous or named JavaScript/R functions that takes five arguments and generates two JSON objects with the same keys
728: This R script creates an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getEvenNum' operation. It takes as input,
729: This R script checks if the given 'Node' object has type block.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it
730: This R script checks if the input column name matches either of two patterns. The first pattern ("* CCx Cyc"
731: This R script conversts an integer time series and fractional part to float type in one line using the '+'
732: This R script calculates the position of an object in relation to its scanning mechanism. The height and timestep parameters are
733: This R script calculates the luminous efficiency of an RGB color by converting it to lumens and applying some mathematical formula
734: This R script checks if every character in the directory path is present within 0 to  8 digits using str split and
735: This R script flips the bit of an input string. It takes as argument one character, checks whether it is 'o
736: This R script defines an "getCommand()" Function that takes as input the arguments of any number and returns them concatenated into
737: This R script defines the 'reverse complement record' as an anonymous S4 class. It checks whether both input strands
738: This R script creates an object that is used to import data into WeaViTe. The input should be in the
739: This R script checks whether two input strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by removing spaces from the inputs
740: This R script defines an anonymous or named "flip" that takes one argument, c. If the input is uppercase
741: This R script defines an 'ccw' or counterclockwise test. It takes three points as input and returns TRUE if
742: This R script defines an anonymous or named dictionary. The input is expected to be parameters, which are then renamed using the
743: This R script cleans the string by removing all non alphanumeric characters.  It uses gsub() to substitute any
744: This R script calculates the maximum table size among all tables passed as input. The calculation is done by multiplying each row
745: This is an implementation of the built in R 'sign' functionality. It checks whether num equals to zero and returns either -
746: This R script converts an RGBA color to hexadecimal format. It takes in the rgba value as input and
747: This R script creates an anonymous or "make" version of the input rectangle object. It simply returns it as is, without
748: This R script cleans the string by removing leading and trailing whitespace. It also replaces multiple consecutive spaces with single space
749: This R script defines the 'middle' of two points as their average x and y coordinates.  The input is expected to
750: This R script defines the 'forceBackwards' and its usage. The purpose of these functions is to calculate forward coordinates based
751: This R script defines an 'index' that converts row indices into slot numbers. The input parameters are x & s_
752: This R script calculates and returns an estimate in grams per liter based on input parameters. The calculation involves calculating moles
753: This python script merges two lists and sorts the result. The merge is done by concatenating both input arrays into one using
754: This R script cleans the names in an input list by removing numeric and special characters, as well any instances of specific years
755: This R script creates an anonymous user's credit cards by replacing the '***', which is commonly used in US bank transactions
756: This R script calculates the average electricity production from an array of data frames. The input is expected to be 'data frame
757: This R script defines the 'topKFrequency' or "function" that takes in two arguments - an input list of
758: This R script defines an 'serialize' folder functionality. It takes in the input of "drop box" directory and conver
759: This R script checks if the input is not null, empty and contains at least one non whitespace character using regular expressions in
760: This R script converts weights from kilograms to pounds using the conversion factor of .9378, which is
761: This R script defines an 'is_valid' Word() Function that checks whether the given letter combination can be formed from provided
762: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'collect' or ‘extract’ functionality. It spl
763: This R script generates neighbords based on whether or not an element's row index in matrix form represents odd/even numbers
764: This R script defines the 'validateBBoxWGS8Four' which checks whether or not given bounding box coordinates are
765: This R script defines the 'function', named "names" which takes in one argument - dataset names. It generates five output
766: This R script calculates the differences between squares of first n natural numbers and their cumulative square. It is used to calculate
767: This R script reads in JSON data and returns the packages that are listed as "PACMAN" within it.  It
768: "Bold text"  Code explanation and usage example. The `bold` is an R script that converts the input
769: This R script defines an anonymous or named "someMethod" that takes three arguments. It then checks which one is the smallest
770: This R script creates an anonymous or unnamed named vector. It takes two arguments - 'tasks' and the category of
771: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding escape sequences. It uses the built in functions of baseR package and
772: This R script defines the 'format' command, which checks whether its input can either represent an object of type "command"
773: This R script defines an 'indicative' or binary indicator that returns one when the input value is less than equal to given
774: This R script checks whether an element is present in the list. If it's found then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE based on
775: This R script defines the 'get_product' functions that takes an input row and returns product of each number with its preceding
776: This R script defines the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion, which is an efficient way to calculate large numbers in
777: A simple R script that converts RGB values to hexadecimal.  The input is three separate integers between [1
778: This is the implementation of an R script that converts numbers to decimals. The input number should be passed as argument
779: This R script creates an object called "TitleBlocks" that takes in one argument, the name of 'Paper'.
780: This R script creates an anonymous ("rep") functions that takes one argument and returns the string "<argument>?". For
781: This R script defines the 'colFixed' Function. The purpose of which is to fix column names in data frames by removing
782: This R script checks whether the given "degrees" are present in record. If yes then it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE is
783: This R script checks the first few characters of input string "permission" and returns appropriate access level based on whether it starts with
784: This R script defines the 'normalized' version of GrobIDs. It takes an input string, converts it
785: This R script defines the Gauss–Seidel method to solve linear systems of equations in two dimensions with an initial guess and
786: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called 'CutXYZ' that takes three arguments and returns the same
787: This R script defines the 'getFilesFromResponse' Function. It takes as input an object with "file" key and
788: This R script defines an IFD() or 'if_dimension' object that checks the input parameter `d` and
789: This R script defines the 'line_ratiomdl' model to calculate an output based on input parameters and returns it
790: This R script checks whether sequence 'sequence 3' matches the elements of another given "main" or master/primary sequences
791: A simple R script that creates and returns an object with three attributes. The names of the objects are "bonafi"
792: This is an implementation of the 'reserved' keyword in JavaScript. It checks whether given string starts with specific pattern and returns
793: This R script defines an anonymous or "lambda" version of the L1 norm, which calculates and returns square root sum
794: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes four arguments and returns them concatenated in the form of string
795: This R script creates an anonymous, one line version of the 'tip' calculation in Python using lambda and returns updated amount
796: This R script processes labels by converting them into numerics using the 'as' command in one line, which is equivalent to
797: This R script defines the 'function' named "tiered" that takes in one argument - site name and returns its
798: This R script defines an 'extract' or "clean" version of the string that only contains alphabetical characters.
799: This R script calculates the average of an array.  It takes as input one numeric vector and returns its arithmetic
800: This R script converts the input string to uppercase and removes all spaces using gSub() in case it's character
801: This is an implementation of the Rosen's Hash Function in Python language using only basic operations and functions provided by base packages
802: This R script checks whether the input string 'word' has any two consecutive characters that are not equal. If it does,
803: This R script converts the inputted number of Mile to KM using simple conversion factor – one mile is equal
804: This R script defines an anonymous or "arbitrary" rounded calculation. It takes two arguments - x and the 'bas
805: This R script checks if the file string starts with either '.' or an underscore. If it does not start these two
806: This R script checks if the current process ID matches with provided PID, returning TRUE or FALSE accordingly  Code is checking whether
807: Prepare the given object to be used in further operations. Checks whether 'SHA', ‘Commit's
808: This R script checks if an object belongs to the Nested or Host classes.  It does so by checking whether its first
809: This R script defines an ID generator that converts numerics to "D" followed by the number and characters into their original
810: This R script defines an anonymous or named "Get Record" Function that takes one argument, the name of any record in memory
811: This R script defines the 'getZPrime' orchestrating some mathematical operations on inputs parameters and returning an output
812: This R script defines an anonymous ("sub") to index conversion from one number system into another using only positive integers and zeroes
813: A simple R script that multiplies three inputs together with an additional parameter.  The result is the product of all input values
814: This R script converts the input number of second into multiple time units. It uses simple arithmetic operations to convert from Second
815: This R script defines an 'analyse' variable that takes in one argument and returns the row values of variables from each vector
816: This R script defines an absolute difference between the lengths of two strings. It splits each string into individual word vectors and then
817: This R script creates an URL from the input string by scrambling it into alphanumeric characters and replacing certain special symbols
818: This R script defines the 'right trim' operation. It takes two sequences as input and returns one of them after removing its
819: This R script creates an ECR repository name based on the input distribution string, replacing hyphens with underscores and removing
820: This R script parses the input string into an integer vector based on spaces between numbers and returns it inside of another structure/
821: This R script reads the first directives from an input string. It splits by semicolon and then space to get
822: A R script that creates and returns an object with the specified parameters.  The purpose of creating such objects is to store all
823: This R script creates and returns the configuration file.  The input is taken as an argument, which should be set to your
824: This R script defines the JACCARD distance between two texts. The formula used is based on intersection and union of sets
825: This R script merges two dictionaries into one dictionary by taking the value from second argument when key is not present or first
826: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in one argument - scene. It returns the name of given Sc
827: This is the HaverSineDist() Function. It calculates distance between two locations on Earth using their longitude and
828: The functions are calculating the FIBonacci sequence up to nth term. However, they have been optimized using mem
829: This R script defines an UPDATE POSITION Function that takes two arguments - the total number of elements in your data set and
830: This R script defines an anonymous or named "move" that takes two arguments - 'Position' and the number of dice rolls
831: This R script calculates the number of neighbouts based on an inputted value. If it's within range (-3
832: This R script is used to perform normalization of data. The input values are normalized between the range [(-∞,-�
833: This R script fixes the values of vector 'fix' between [min="minimum value", max = "maximum allowed
834: This R script updates the position and velocities of an object with Eulers method. It takes as input three lists -
835: This R script calculates the sum of digits in 3rd power number which is calculated by taking each digit and raising
836: A R script that generates STIX pattern based on the subject of an emaiL message.  The input is expected
837: This R script defines the 'rescaled' or scaled version of an input array. The scale is determined by two parameters
838: This R script defines the 'getWordSize' functions that assigns word size based on similarity threshold, with increasing levels of
839: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the provided Python class in JavaScript syntax and functionality using lapply() to
840: This R script defines an add() vector operation. It checks the lengths and stops execution when vectors are not equal to each other
841: This R script checks if there is at least one common item between two arrays. If so it returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or
842: This R script defines the 'getCommonIntroduved' functions that checks whether common or unique entries have been added to an
843: This R script formats an input vector of musician names into one long string with commas between each name.  The output
844: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named "Clamp" user defined functions. This is used to limit the input
845: This R script checks whether the given string contains any numbers or not. It does so by checking each character in an alphan
846: This R script defines the 'so_sum' or shortest one line summaries of functions. The first argument is an
847: This R script checks whether the length of BLAST alignment overlaps with specified Contigs. If it does then returns TRUE
848: A simple R script to check and limit the values of an input vector within specified minimum/maximum limits using conditional statements in
849: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes in one argument, 'ID', and returns string. The
850: This R script defines an incremental summation algorithm. It takes the previous cumulative total and its corresponding average as input parameters
851: This R script defines the 'function' named "myTriangle" that takes two arguments and returns their product divided by half
852: This R script checks if the inputted 'guess' matches with stored/stored in database.  If it does
853: This R script checks if the input identifier has exactly 39 characters. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
854: This R script defines the 'reportCharacteristicsTime' which calculates and returns time constant of an object. The input parameter
855: This R script checks whether the given placement of an object is within acceptable range. It also verifies that it's not
856: This R script checks whether the given 'records' object has been updated by human or not based on certain conditions provided in
857: This R script cleans the input string by removing all spaces and replacing "SO" with an empty space. The cleaned version is
858: This R script counts the occurrence of an input string within another. It uses loops to iteratively check each character and substring
859: This R script calculates the sum of all positive charges from an input vector 'charge_sa'. The charge is assumed to
860: This is the implementation of two functions to calculate MURN values in R programming language using vectors and arrays as input parameters V &
861: This R script converts line strings into markup URL format. It replaces non-"<S>" substrings with
862: A R script that calculates and prints the memory used by data frames using their ```R``` functions; also handles errors
863: This R script removes extra values from the first data frame that are present only once and not used by any other variable of second
864: This R script defines the 'getFieldInfo' Function. It takes as input an object of class "rJava" and
865: This R script applies an odd's ratio to the given proportions and returns new values after applying it using 'applyO
866: This R script defines an anonymous or "diagonally dangerous" checker. It takes four arguments representing the position of two
867: This R script converts dictionary to schema URI format. The input is expected as an object of class 'list' containing elements
868: This R script creates an anonymous or unnamed named vector. The input is two vectors - 'entity' and the string to
869: This R script converts units of measurement in the form "x u" to their numerics equivalent, where x is decimal
870: A recursive factorial calculation in R. The base case is when the input number 'N' equals ‘zero’
871: This R script defines an anonymous or named "money style" that takes in one argument, 'amount', and returns either the
872: This R script converts LaTeX syntax to safe characters. It replaces backslashes with double slash, dollar
873: This is an R script that defines the 'sp' variable as returning 4 times its input plus one. The purpose of
874: This R script converts time in days to hours and minutes. It rounds the input value downwards by one decimal place then
875: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isOrthogonalTiered" that checks whether the input string matches one
876: This R script calculates the products of all numbers to its left and right separately, then multiplies these two results together.
877: This R script calculates the absolute value of each element within an input list. The result is returned as output vector 'de
878: This R script calculates the desired root mean square error of an audio signal. The input is Clean Root Mean Square Error
879: This R script converts special characters in the input string to their corresponding escaped versions. It uses regular expressions and backslashes
880: This is the definition of an object named 'corrected_projectivity' that takes three arguments. The first two are used
881: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form of the formatting required IDs in logs using tidyverse package functions
882: This R script calculates the largest triplets in an array and returns their product. If there are less than 'N'
883: This R script defines the 'gauss' burn model, which is used to simulate random variables following Gaussian distribution. The input
884: This R script converts the string representation of bounding box coordinates into numerics in order to perform operations on them later using
885: This R script checks if the input stack object 'is empty' by checking its length. If it equals ‘zero’
886: This R script builds an SNMP body based on the input dictionary and returns it in form of nested lists or dictionaries depending
887: This R script defines the 'polygonArea' Function. The input is an array of coordinates, and it calculates how
888: This R script counts the number of non punctuation tokens per sentences. It uses an input vector 'senetnceTokENS
889: This R script defines the 'gmef' or Gaussian Mixture of Fractions model. The input is two parameters -
890: This R script calculates and returns average absolute differences between two vectors. The input should be price data from different time periods to
891: This R script creates an "index" or sorting order based on the second and first elements of each vector in input.
892: This R script creates an equivalent copy of the input 'size' by creating another matrix with identical dimensions as provided in argument.
893: This R script defines the 'combineConVerData' to merge two lists of vectors. If one vector is empty it
894: This R script checks if the input word can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on that conversion process
895: This R script defines an 'get prefix' or shortened version of the filename. It takes in one argument which is assumed
896: This is an R script that converts integer to float using the as() method in baseR package, which allows us convert
897: This R script defines the 'getTaskPaired' functions that takes two arguments - an input file name and tasks. It
898: This R script defines an anonymous ("function") that takes in one argument and returns the string concatenated with '_a'.
899: This R script defines an S3 preparation object. It takes three arguments - the bucket names of input and running data respectively as
900: This R script calculates the bulk electrochemical resistance of an ion channel. The input parameters are characteristic length and conductivity
901: This R script defines the 'strip' and replacement functions. The main purpose of these is to clean up textual input from
902: This R script creates an anonymous or inline version of the phone number formatting. It takes in xtra digits as
903: This R script defines the 'gaussian' or Gaussian distribution and its derivative with respect to some input vector/matrix of numbers
904: This R script defines the "mangle" or shortened version of names. It takes three arguments - an original full/
905: This is the definition of an R script that takes in one argument and returns its absolute value increased by 1. The result
906: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes the name of image as input and returns its corresponding genetic
907: This R script creates an anonymous queue name based on the namespace and specifics of its message handling.  The resulting string is
908: This is the definition of an activation/nonlinear transformation called ReLU. It returns 1 when x>zero,
909: This R script converts the input data frame "runess" into text format. The output is created by concatenating branch
910: This R script defines the 'highest' and lowest numbers in an input string of space separated integers using builtin functions max
911: A simple R script to calculate the Manhatten distance between two positions.  The input is expected as numeric vectors of
912: This R script defines an extraction of labels from the input JSON object 'json' using recursion and conditional statements to handle cases
913: This R script defines an anonymous or named "digitToSkip" that takes in one argument, distinctLetterPai
914: This R script defines the 'soft' thresholding operation. It takes two arguments; an input vector "X" and lower
915: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getOtherCluster" that takes two arguments - 'This Cluster' and the
916: This R script splits the given strings into location and technology links using ":" as separator; it also checks whether there
917: This R script checks whether two records in the form of data frames have identical record set names and types. If they do not
918: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'is inside' operation. It takes in one argument - string to
919: This R script converts Weis to Ether using the given conversion factor of "Weihnachtszeit"
920: This R script verifies the attribute of an object. It takes as input response, which is expected to be in JSON format
921: This R script calculates the middle value of an input vector. If there is even number, it returns average between two numbers
922: This R script defines the `response_messages` functions that checks whether JSON object contains specific keys and values. If it does
923: This R script creates an anonymous, one line version of the given protocol. If input is "http", it returns ‘
924: This R script adds leading zeros to the start of an integer. It takes two arguments - 'inp' and output
925: This R script checks whether the input location string contains invalid characters. It returns “true” or "false" based on
926: This R script checks the JSON files and performs operations on them. It takes four parameters - three of which are expected to be
927: This R script checks if the input 'identifer' parameter has exactly 10 digits. If it does not have
928: This R script checks whether the input money string starts with "dollar sign" or not. If it does, then returns
929: This R script defines an anonymous/unnamed functions that takes in one argument filename and returns the string concatenated with .CS
930: This R script calculates the number of consecutive "frame" numbers based on input parameters. The output is rounded to nearest whole
931: This R script defines the 'getHeaderValue' Function that takes two arguments - "Headers" and “Name” of
932: This R script defines the "booleanizer" or translator. It takes an input value and returns its equivalent in terms of
933: This R script converts HHMM format to seconds using the input string 'HH' and returns it in numerics form
934: This R script checks if the student's answers match with provided correct key. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether all
935: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form that calculates the maximum of two inputs. The first input is
936: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes two arguments - 'formatYearMonth' and returns the input
937: These functions are used to manipulate the paths in different ways depending on whether they contain "/" or "//". If so
938: This R script converts the input number into kilobytes. It takes an integer or float as its argument and returns
939: This R script cleans multiple white space from the inputted text. It uses regular expressions to replace one or more consecutive whitespace
940: These functions are used to manipulate SQL queries based on the provided parameters and keys in an R environment using simple string formatting
941: This R script defines the base command to run Docker commands. It takes as input parameters such uids and gsds
942: This R script is designed to retrieve the private IP addresses of multiple EC Instance objects. It loops through each instance object and
943: This R script checks the output of an executed command to see whether it contains "!!!" + PANICS !++"
944: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. The input parameters are two numbers and it returns
945: This R script checks if two vectors have the same slope. If they do not match in their second elements then it returns TRUE
946: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments; the percentage of positive values in data and
947: This R script checks if the input value 'VAL' contains square brackets. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise
948: This R script defines an API key generator. It takes in one argument, number which can be either 'one', or two
949: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the attenuation of rainfall based on distance
950: A simple R script that takes in one argument, doc and returns the same document. This is just an example of how to
951: This script defines the `truthiness` object, which checks if an input string is one of several common representations that represent "
952: This R script defines an 'oneline' version of the intersection area calculation between two bounding boxes. The input parameters are
953: This R script defines an emojis based on the input integer "weather" codes received in its argument and returns corresponding un
954: This R script calculates the Mean Squared Error between two time Series.  It takes in as input both vectors
955: This R script calculates the slope of linear regression between two points. The formula is c = m*s + b where
956: This R script creates an anonymous or "new" value calculation. It takes three parameters and returns the result of performing arithmetic
957: This R script defines the 'splitParagraph' or "splits" paragraph into smaller chunks based on minimum length.
958: This R script converts the input string "wp" into an integer value representing size of windows in bytes, kiloby
959: This R script calculates the sequence of all fires works based on their hierarchy. It uses recursion to traverse through each
960: This R script defines an anonymous or named "divisibleBy" that checks if the input number is evenly divided by another
961: This R script generates all possible combination of attributes. It takes two arguments - the names and values associated with each feature/variable
962: A simple R script that checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than 0.9 epsilon or not in
963: This R script defines the 'calculates' or "function" to compute derivative of polynomials with different orders using its coefficients and
964: This R script defines the 'slug' or "clean" version of an input string, converting it into lowercase and
965: This R script checks if the input vector y sums to 1. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it's
966: This R script is designed to multiply each element of the input list by its corresponding value from another provided vector or matrix and
967: This R script finds all occurrences of the input 'pattern' in another given text. It returns an integer vector with
968: This R script converts the hexadecimal string representation of DPID into an integer value using base functions in one
969: This R script defines the ```sfoobool```function that converts input strings into boolean values based on whether they
970: This R script defines an anonymous or named "dirty" modification of the input number 'n' by subtracting it from
971: This R script converts Facebook URLs from www to non-"www" versions and vice versa, based on whether they
972: This R script creates an object named "cria copiá" which copies the attributes of input 'spec' into another
973: This R script defines an anonymous or named "find\_snm" that takes two real numbers as input and returns the smallest
974: This R script checks whether the input variable 'x' can be interpreted as an integer or not by checking several conditions and returning
975: This R script calculates the total area of 3D object. It takes three parameters - length 'L', width'
976: This R script defines the 'normalize' orchestrator that takes in an argument, since which can be either NULL
977: This R script calculates the percentage of users who purchased brands.  It takes two arguments - numberOfBrandPurchase
978: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in input as 'formatWord' and returns the lower
979: This R script checks each row of the given list to see whether it has consecutive identical elements. If such an element is found
980: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that removes URLs from strings using the 'grepl' command in
981: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that checks whether the input string starts with either ' name ='  OR
982: This R script checks whether the input string can be converted to timestamp in UTC timezone and returns either true or false based on
983: This R script calculates the maximum of two input parameters and clips it to be between zero & one. The calculation is
984: This R script defines and implements the dictionary transformation that converts all keys to lower case. It uses 'sapply'
985: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isSynonymous" that takes two arguments - name and the string of Syn
986: This R script defines the 'paramsLinear' functions that takes in factors and returns them with an additional constant factor.  The
987: This R script defines the 'getHighestValue' functions that takes as input an object of class "grid" and
988: This R script defines an anonymous or named "writeDataFile" that writes the content of its first argument to file specified by
989: This R script creates an anonymous user defined named variable 'formatFlag'. The input is the string parameter, and it converts
990: A simple R script that converts RGB values to hexadecimal.  It takes three arguments representing the red green and
991: This R script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The input to our 'block'
992: This R script defines an 'format provider' that takes four arguments and returns them in the form of list. The first three
993: This R script converts old commands in the form of !COMMANDNAME!/ with specific placeholders into new ones based on
994: This R script defines the 'prediction sequence maximum confidence' functionality. It takes as input an object of class "list"
995: This R script cleans the HTML body by removing all tags except 'HTML', and returns an empty string when input is null or
996: This R script defines the 'removeLocation' functions which removes locations from an input dataframe. The location is identified by its
997: A simple R script that calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses loops to multiply all numbers from one
998: This R script defines the 'line' object that takes two arguments - an integer vector "k" and numeric value of
999: This R script defines an object named "mirror" that takes three arguments. The first two are used to calculate the reflection
1000: This R script defines an 'if' condition that checks the first character of input string is lowercase or not and then conver
1001: This R script calculates the average of an input list. The user must provide it with grades as numeric values and then
1002: This R script converts unsigned integer values to signed integers. If the input value is greater than or equal too maximum limit of
1003: This R script checks if the input 'object' is of class "bounding box" and returns its coordinates.  If
1004: This R script multiplies two integers and returns the resultant integer value of multiplication operation on given inputs 'A' &amp
1005: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line version of the 'prepFilesSize' procedure that takes in input and
1006: This R script creates an equivalent dictionary from the source input. The output is then listed as keys and values of original data structure
1007: This R script defines the 'normalise' input, which removes leading and trailing whitespace from an incoming string. It
1008: This R script defines the 'getUserAgentFromHeaderMeta' functions that takes in request meta data and returns HTTP User Agent
1009: This R script checks if the given path exists or not by using file system functions in base r language, and returns true when
1010: This R script calculates the value of an equation based on input parameters r_squared and two constants which are used in
1011: This R script defines the 'simple_distance' or "euclidean" distance between two vectors. The input is vectorized
1012: This R script creates an escape sequence that can be used to change the color of text in terminal. The input is taken as
1013: This R script calculates the projected gradient of an unconstrained optimization problem using Hessian matrix in one line as input
1014: This R script calculates the distance between two positions. It takes in 3 arguments; position and 'To' Position which
1015: This R script defines the 'thermalDiffusion' or "heat diffusion" model. It takes three arguments - conductance
1016: This R script defines an 'first_date' is earlier than another date. It takes two dates as input and compares
1017: This R script converts two elements of an input tuple into integers and returns them in the form [int, integer].
1018: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument - 'region' and returns the correct name of
1019: This R script counts the number of times "character" appears within each row/column vector. The character to be searched is
1020: This R script creates an expression that generates the pattern of numbers from 'n' to 1 in descending order. The
1021: A simple R script that defines and calls the 'greeter' functions. It takes an input of type string named `"
1022: This is an R script that defines and runs the given pre defined mathematical operation. The input parameters are two numbers 'b'
1023: This R script converts the input 'seconds' into hours and minutes in human readable format using only integer division & mod
1024: This R script calculates the difference between two numbers. The first number is multiplied by another and then subtracted from an
1025: This R script checks if one vector exists in another. It uses the 'any' and '%within%%matching'' functions
1026: This R script defines two functions. The first one is named "between" and it generates an interpolated sequence of the given
1027: A simple R script that subtracts the values of two variables. The result is returned as output from an anonymous or named
1028: A simple R script that rounds down the value to be divisible by given number. It ignores any negatives and non
1029: This R script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two vectors H and vector with frequencies stored as an element within
1030: This R script checks the email template and its associated reasons against an input list of errors. If it finds any match then returns
1031: This R script checks if the input 'Service Name' exists in an object of class "services" with attributes name.
1032: This R script calculates the value of σ^(-0,7843), where T is an input parameter
1033: This R script defines an 'get' or search functionality to find the first occurrence of data frame with matching "filenames
1034: This R script creates an SageMaker key to access revision metadata. The wiki argument is the name of your Wikipedia database
1035: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the `chooseVariantAnnotation` procedure. It takes as input two vectors
1036: This R script calculates the width of an integer array. It takes as input two integers and returns their average difference divided by
1037: This R script defines an anonymous, one argument only functions that returns the string "extra" when called with input parameter sender.
1038: This R script calculates the ratio of noises in an electron gas. The input parameters are M and Epsilon respectively which
1039: This R script defines the 'getCenterPoint' Function. The input is an array of four numbers representing coordinates in ‘
1040: This R script applies ticket permissions to the given environment and request. It selects only those rows in "tickect"
1041: This R script converts an integer to its equivalent Binary representation. It takes two arguments - the input 'integer' and
1042: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes as input the name of one branch in GitHub and returns
1043: This R script defines the 'blend' or blending operation between two colors. The input is an array of four elements
1044: This R script calculates the exponentiation of 'power' ratio.  The result is returned as an output in one line
1045: This R script defines the 'rhombur' area calculation using two diagonals as input parameters and returns its value if
1046: This R script checks the input string to see whether it contains any of several keywords related with events or timeline and classifications
1047: This R script defines the 'dfdx' or derivative of x with respect to time. The parameters are as follows;
1048: This R script defines the 'floatdivision' Function that takes two arguments and performs division operation based on whether second argument is non
1049: This R script splits the input string into individual characters using base r language features and returns them in an array format –
1050: This R script calculates the total number of bytes that are always live in all tiles.  The liness argument is expected
1051: This is an empty R script that does nothing. It's used to provide the structure of another file in order not have
1052: A simple R script to extract the first ten characters from an input URI. This is useful in data cleaning tasks where you want
1053: This R script loads an identifier into the environment. If value is 'Y', it returns TRUE, otherwise FALSE; indicating that
1054: A simple R script that adds two vectors elementwise.  It takes in the names of input files and outputs to an output
1055: This R script defines the `get_shap`e() to check whether an input is either numerically coded and
1056: This is an implementation of the mapping formula from linear algebra to computer science and programming languages such as R or Python where it maps
1057: This R script checks whether all elements of the smaller dictionary are present as keys and correspondingly their values within each key's
1058: This R script defines the 'getMachineValue' functions that retrieves machine values based on an inputted sensor and IP Address
1059: This R script defines the 'getGroupKey' Function that takes in one argument, which is assumed to be name of an
1060: This R script converts the input string into binary format using asci values of characters and returns it after replacing all '6
1061: This R script defines the 'twoOrMore' object which takes in one argument - an inputted character vector and returns its
1062: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes two arguments - query string and list of substitutions.
1063: This R script converts radian to hours minutes seconds format using the formula ra/347 and then returns it in
1064: A one line R script that converts the text from multiple request objects into comma separated string.  The input is in form
1065: This R script calculates the overlap between two intervals. It takes as input vectors of length 4 representing interval pairs and returns
1066: This R script checks if one vector is contained within another. It uses the 'any' and '% in\% operator to check
1067: This R script defines the 'k' half mode of an exponential distribution. The parameters alpha and gammma are used to
1068: This R script defines the `get_poost` data as an input parameter with default values and returns it in form of
1069: This R script takes an input vector of strings and concatenates them into one string separated by semicolons.  The output
1070: This R script calculates the factorial of an input number using recursion. The first version uses base case to stop,
1071: This R script compares two MBT scores and returns TRUE or FALSE based on the comparison rules defined in it's parameters
1072: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes one argument 'year' and returns the next even number of years
1073: A simple R script that calculates the product of two vectors and then sums them up.  This is equivalent to Python'
1074: A Rounding Function that rounds up when the decimal part is .5 and then signs of numbers are reversed based on their
1075: This R script converts an input vector into PostgreSQL array format. The elements of the given element are concatenated and enclosed
1076: This R script checks whether the URL ends with an image extension or CSS link. It does so by splitting on '.' and
1077: This R script defines an 'find largest number' functionality. It takes in one argument, which is supposed to be the list
1078: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isLicensePlates" that takes two arguments - the plate's license number
1079: This R script defines the 'removesuffIX' that checks whether string ends with specified suffICES and returns substring
1080: This is an average word count calculator. It takes in sentences and returns the number of characters per unique nonempty sentence found
1081: This R script defines an RGB to grayscale conversion with optional color masks and factors applied on the gray scale value based
1082: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional computation that converts the mass of Earth from kg to tons, given as input
1083: This R script checks whether the input number 'x' can be expressed as sum of two consecutive numbers. If it does,
1084: This R script checks if the first character of each line in an input file matches "#". If it does not match then that
1085: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isFloat" that checks whether the input string s can be converted to numerics
1086: This R script defines the 'computeBoundaries' procedure which computes two lists of intervals based on maximum IDs and number
1087: This R script defines the 'fuel' calculation based on an input parameter, which is assumed to be in kilometers
1088: This R script cleans and formats the input string 'x' to match certain patterns, replacing them with other strings as per requirement
1089: This R script defines the 'getForecasterIndex' functions that takes three parameters and returns an index based on these coefficients
1090: This R script converts degrees minutes seconds to decimal degree. It takes four arguments namely "D", which is the number of
1091: This R script defines an off value checker that checks the class of input and returns either true or false based on whether it
1092: This R script converts an integer to float by dividing it with 9,473 million which is the equivalent
1093: This is an R script that defines the 'skip muls' operation. It takes in one argument, n and returns its
1094: This R script creates an "unlisted" version of the inputted vector. It takes as its argument one or more vectors
1095: A simple R script to perform basic arithmetic operations. It takes three arguments and performs the corresponding operation on them based upon an
1096: A simple R shiny app that returns the string 'Hello' when run.  This is useful as an example of how
1097: This R script calculates the value of 'A' and then uses it to calculate another variable, which is returned by your
1098: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that converts the number of samples to millisecondes based on
1099: This R script defines the 'cumulutive sum' of an input numerical sequence. The result is returned as
1100: This R script creates an anonymous or "lambda" style functional object that returns the string '**' followed by whatever attribute is
1101: This R script defines the 'twoOfThree' functions that takes three numbers as input and returns their sum of squares. The
1102: This R script calculates the total quantity of fish caught in mm/day by multiplying MMD value with catch rate.
1103: This R script defines the 'function' named "wordPairsDistance" that calculates and returns distance between two given pairs
1104: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'does not contain at' operation. It takes three
1105: This R script parses the schedule data into numerics using regular expressions and string splitting functions to extract numbers from strings of text
1106: This R script is used to remove the double quotes from strings. It uses regular expressions and gSub() in combination with regex
1107: This R script defines the 'strip_comma' command that takes in one argument - text and returns it with all comm
1108: This R script defines an 'isPixelsInside' that checks whether the given pixel coordinates are inside or not.
1109: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'job' package in order to check whether or not it is
1110: A VHDL fixed start generator. It takes an input 'Address' and returns the string representation of it in hexad
1111: This R script calculates the Catalán number using recursion. The formula is defined as ∏_(i=k
1112: This R script calculates the product of corresponding elements from two vectors and sums them up. For example with input [vector_
1113: This R script calculates the cumulative sum of points within each group based on their indices. The input is two vectors -
1114: This is an empty R script that returns ‘(0)' when called. It does not perform any operations or downloads sequences
1115: This R script defines an 'generate' orchestrator that generates challenges based on the user input. The generated chal
1116: This R script defines the 'bootstrap' directory name based on architecture. It takes two arguments - Suite and Architecture which are
1117: This R script converts the given file paths to POSIX format. It removes any 'local' or "drive"
1118: This R script calculates the delta percentage by dividing given value with difference between EU min and max.  The result is
1119: This R script defines the 'cleanChrome' functio, which takes in one argument - chromosome number.
1120: This R script defines the 'piece wise add' operation on two lists of integers and returns another integer vector with results from adding
1121: This R script calculates the percent decrease between two numbers. It takes in parameters and returns their difference divided by both to get
1122: This R script checks whether the input string matches any of several requirements. It returns FALSE when an empty or starts with "-"
1123: This R script converts the input token to its corresponding aggregating operation. If it's "Sum", then returns as
1124: This R script creates an anonymous user defined functions that takes in the input parameter 'p' and returns last part of it.
1125: This R script calculates the molecular weight of an object given its atomic number and density in m^(-³). The
1126: This R script defines the 'normalize' or "denormalization" of commodities codes. It takes as input an
1127: This R script counts the number of occurrences within text that match with given 'patterns'. The patterns are compared character
1128: This R script defines the modal peak of two peaks in one dimension with given parameters and returns its value based on formula "a
1129: This R script defines the `makeBool` to convert string inputs into boolean values. It takes in one argument, s which
1130: This R script creates an output that lists the names of all layers in state where type is 'Image'.  It uses list
1131: A simple R script to calculate the value of pi using mathematical formulae and user input values from command line arguments or via GUI
1132: This R script calculates the Normalized Difference Water Index based on two input parameters green and NIR reflectance values which
1133: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in the name of any .txt files and returns its extension
1134: This R script is designed to extract the 'Key' column from each message in rptArtifactMsg and bind them together
1135: A simple R script that converts numeric values to "yes" or no". If the input is NA, it returns
1136: This R script defines the 'predict'函数, which takes in one argument and returns ‘+/-’ or
1137: This R script takes in the file name as input and returns only its base filename. It does so by splitting on either back
1138: This R script defines the BinomiinalCoefficient() Function. The purpose of it is to calculate and provide value
1139: This R script takes an input string of the form 'a'.'b'.c', and returns it as '/'-separ
1140: This R script defines the 'nice\_pair'函数, which takes in an input of two numbers and returns
1141: This R script checks if the input 's' contains at least one pair of repeating characters. It does so by comparing each
1142: This R script checks whether the first five characters of string name are " ref s". If true it returns `TRUE` otherwise
1143: This R script checks if the passphrases contain duplicate word. It does so by splitting each phrase into individual elements and
1144: This R script defines the 'minor' version of an input number. It takes as argument one numeric value and returns
1145: This R script defines four functions to perform operations on quaternions. The first one takes an input vector and returns the conjug
1146: This R script defines the 'swapToTitleCase' or capitalize first letter of each sentence in string. It takes an
1147: This R script creates unique names based on the provided parameters. It takes three arguments - 'Namespace', ‘Service’ and
1148: This R script defines the 'boundingBox' 3d object which calculates and returns two points that define its minimum
1149: This R script converts the input 'Box' into Pascale coordinates. The Box is defined by its four corners and it
1150: This R script calculates the BBCenters of two bounding boxes by taking their corners and averaging them, which is
1151: This R script defines an 'interface is within VLAN' functionality. It checks whether the given name of any interfaces exists
1152: This R script checks whether the input string matches with Git SHAs' format or not by using regular expressions to validate it against
1153: This R script checks if all user preferences are populate or not by checking whether there're any empty strings in the input
1154: This R script defines the "valency" as an input parameter and returns its corresponding value from dictionary. The values are defined
1155: This R script defines an inverse proportional reduction formula that takes in the player's level and returns its Inverse Reduction Value
1156: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the polygon's surface integral calculation using numerical integration method to
1157: This R script defines the 'compliment' logical operator that takes two vectors as input and returns TRUE if both inputs are log
1158: This R script defines an anonymous or named "delNull" that checks whether the input is null and returns 1 when it
1159: Function to generate message about training the CheMPROP Model.  If set of feature is used then it says 'features'
1160: This R script compares two vectors and returns -  If both are null then it will check the second vector; otherwise first
1161: This R script defines an anonymous or named "exploreEntityName" that takes in one argument, the name of any given
1162: This R script creates an anonymous or "one line" version of the given year in numerics format using substr() and then
1163: This R script converts the given path into safe string format. It replaces all slashes, backslashed characters and
1164: This R script defines an RGB to grayscale conversion. It takes as input the rgb value of any pixel and returns
1165: This ROS node advertises the given 'Service' object.  The result is an empty vector, as no action has
1166: This R script defines the 'tile_tocreen' functions which converts world coordinates to pixel positions on an eche
1167: A simple R script that takes two arguments and returns the concatenated path.  The first argument is assumed to be an S
1168: This R script calculates the number of times an increase is detected between consecutive measurements. The input to it should be numeric
1169: This R script defines the 'findVixel' or "Find Vessel" functions which takes in 4 parameters x ,
1170: This R script defines the fallFact() Function. The Falling Factoria is calculated by multiplying each number from n to
1171: This R script defines the 'server\_node()’ method that takes two arguments – hostnames and presences. If
1172: This R script defines the 'normalise' or lowercase converter. It takes an input, converts it into all low
1173: This R script creates an image file named 'thumb.png' from the input string and resizes it to specified dimensions using
1174: This R script defines an object that returns the ID of any inputted objects, whether it is null or not; also handles
1175: This R script converts string of comma separated tag names into list. It splits the input strings by commas and then
1176: This R script converts LaTeX syntax in the input string into its equivalent without any special characters. It replaces "
1177: This R script defines an anonymous or named "roundToInterval" that rounds the input 'Time' to its nearest multiple of
1178: This R script removes URLs from the inputted text. It uses regular expressions to find and replace 'http://' or
1179: This R script reads the first part of file names in an input directory. The output is returned as one line text with subject
1180: This R script creates an output data frame with the same structure as input but swaps port 0 and Port N. The
1181: This R script converts single quotes into double quoted strings using regular expressions and then applies it on multiple inputs, each input being
1182: This R script calculates the scores of each word based on its frequency and how close it is to another list. The scoring
1183: This R script creates an HTML list box using the given parameters. The user can select one or more options from these provided by
1184: This Javascript/R programming language script is designed to extract the 'label' field from payload.  The label represents
1185: This is an R script that takes in one argument, multiplies it by ten thousand. The resultant value will be returned
1186: This R script defines an anonymous or named "indexStart" that takes one argument, ii and returns the value of its input
1187: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the equation y = kx + b. The coefficients 'k
1188: This R script creates an SQL statement to delete the table with given `NAME`. If such Table exists, it will be
1189: This R script generates an object that contains the local date and time in ISO 8601 format. It also includes
1190: This R script calculates the buy in amount based on an inputted 'Desir'ed BuyIn. The calculation is
1191: This R script checks whether or not an input is empty. It does so by looping through each element of the provided '
1192: These functions check whether the input string matches either of three patterns defined by regular expressions, and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on
1193: This R script defines an emit list that takes in arguments and returns them as one string with spaces between each argument. It
1194: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional combination of extractor and dimension name. It takes two arguments - the first is
1195: This R script removes the minimum value from each line of an inputted 3D array. The 'list' argument is
1196: This R script defines an 'array' object and two functions to interact with it - one that gets the volume of something from
1197: This R script finds the length of prefix that is present in all strings within an array or vector inputted by user and returns
1198: This R script generates data related to the St Helens space mission' periods based on given parameters such Year and Month of launch
1199: This R script converts the input value to seconds and then formats it into three decimal places using 'sprintfn'.
1200: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that checks whether the input parameter 'isUpdate' is TRUE. If it
1201: This R script defines an anonymous, one argument functions that checks whether the input is null or zero and returns NULL when true;
1202: This R script converts Celsuus to Fahrenheight using the formula of conversion from calssical temperature
1203: This R script converts the alias of authentication method to official Habitia name. For example, it changes 'username'
1204: This R script calculates the power of 2 that is greater than or equal to num. It uses bitwise operations and
1205: This R script defines the 'normalize' or standardisation of data points. It takes as input three parameters; one is
1206: This R script defines an adjusted size of the input length. If it's not divisible by sixteen, then we
1207: This R script defines the 'linear fit' as an anonymous user defined functions. The input is two vectors of equal length and
1208: This R script creates an SSH command to connect and interact with EC instance.  The input is the details of container instances in
1209: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that converts the size of text in pixels to points. The conversion
1210: This R script defines the 'pressureNormalized' Function. It takes two arguments - pNum and normalRef which are
1211: This R script defines an 'either' or "if" statement that checks if the system has installed certain software packages, and
1212: This R script converts numbers into more readable format. It uses the tidyverse package to handle vectorized operations and
1213: This R script defines the 'grep' command to remove trailing word characters from input string. The output is returned as
1214: This R script defines an 'addTableSuffix' that adds the provided string to end of any character vector. If
1215: This R script defines the MatYAS() Function which calculates MATLAB's "Mattys" index
1216: This R script calculates the income taxes based on GROSS input, which is multiplied by .3 to get T
1217: This R script defines an 'isYES' orchestrator that takes in input as strings and returns TRUE, FALSE
1218: This R script defines an uninformative prior distribution. It checks if the parameter is within bounds and returns either zero or one
1219: This R script checks if the file name ends with .CIA or any of its variants (.Tik and CETK
1220: A linear interpolation between two values based on time parameter 't'. The result is calculated by adding up both input parameters multi
1221: This R script checks whether the 'item', within nested structures, contains specific keys. If it does and there are items present
1222: This R script defines the "qn" namespace mapping and split functions as per provided input string in format of XML Namespace
1223: This R script defines the 'hyper' replace functionality. It takes three arguments - "Text", an input string and “
1224: This R script checks whether the given 'User Type' from an input list of authorized types exists within another provided authorization type
1225: This R script takes an Ensembl ID as input and returns the first part of it in uppercase format using string splitting method
1226: A R script that takes an id and json data from DCS API to fetch captions based on the provided ID  Code
1227: This R script creates an address string that can be used in Google Maps to find the location of any given place or event
1228: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes as input the name of LAS files and returns their root names
1229: This R script creates an anonymous or named "sorting" of dates. It takes in one argument 'dates' and returns
1230: This R script converts the input word into an array of its constituent letters. It does so by splitting on non al
1231: This R script is used to extract the major and minor version numbers from an Arduino board's firmware file name using regular expressions
1232: This R script cleans the invite link in discords' Discourse forum by replacing 'Discuss on [Platform]!' with
1233: This R script defines an 'entitiyInGroup' functio that checks whether any of the spanned entities within
1234: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes one argument - 'datarelease'. The name of
1235: This R script defines an FiboNaci sequence generator. It generates the nth number in its series based on input
1236: This R script defines the 'bilineal' interpolant between four points. The formula used is based on linear and
1237: This R script defines the 'caterpiller' sequence generator. It takes three arguments; an input data structure ('fr
1238: This is an example of simple, one line R programming script that takes in input and returns the appropriate string. It checks whether
1239: A simple R script that converts numerics to strings with 1 decimal place using the 'sprint' command in
1240: A simple R script that takes an integer as input and returns the string "correct". The value is incremented by
1241: This R script converts the values of two masses into their equivalent value in solar units using an equation derived from physics principles and
1242: This R script defines an 'get' operation that takes as input the list of data frames and returns one with maximum date among
1243: This R script defines the 'function' named "Section_bytes" that takes in an input of type vector and returns two
1244: This R script defines the 'formulate' column operation which splits each row of input data into individual characters and returns them
1245: This R script generates unique IDs with the format of "XYZA-" and then appending some random numbers to it
1246: A simple R script that converts underscores to dashes in input string.  It uses the gsub() and
1247: This R script defines an anonymous or named "formatUser" that takes in one argument - the User ID and returns it formatted
1248: This R script converts all the "FALSE" values in an object to NULL using inline functions and conditional statements within it
1249: This R script converts the input string to different representations of numbers based on certain conditions in an array format using regular expressions and
1250: This R script defines an error correction rate to IRB decay model. The input parameters are the inverse of binding energy ratio and
1251: This R script calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing predicted and actual values. It takes as input two vectors 'Output
1252: This R script defines the 'deep merge' functionality of an object called "change". It merges two objects together recursively
1253: This R script defines an 'choose' or conditional statement that calculates the equivalent of choosing between two heights based on their corresponding
1254: This R script defines the 'function' named "levlePoints" that takes an input parameter called Level. It calculates
1255: This R script calculates the difference between squares of sums and individual numbers in an arithmetic progression.  The first number
1256: This R script scales all elements of an input iteratable to one. It finds the maximum value in that list and divides
1257: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'commaSeparated' procedure. It takes as input either
1258: A simple R script that squares the input number.  Input is taken as an argument and output will be its squared value
1259: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") or "function" named ```code``` that takes four arguments and returns
1260: This R script defines an XML removal helper. It checks whether the input string ends with '.xml', and removes it from its
1261: This R script checks if the input number is even or not. It returns TRUE when it's an EVEN NUM
1262: This R script defines an anonymous distribution algorithm that distributes the remainder of division. If there is no reminder then it simply replic
1263: This R script defines the 'getAppUrl' Function. It takes in one argument - configuration object and returns an app URL
1264: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses recursion and modulo operator in
1265: This R script converts the number of steps into its percentage position relative to maximum possible.  It takes two arguments; '
1266: This R script maps Facebook user info to an SSO User Info structure. It takes in Cogntio ID and Email
1267: This R script calculates the total volumetric measurement of radars based on LIDAR data using an iterative
1268: This R script defines an anonymous or named "relativeViewName" that takes two arguments - 'views' and the optional parameter
1269: This R script defines the 'quote' of an object. The input parameters are four numbers and returns their difference as output from
1270: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'isLeavings' that checks whether the input string matches any of several pred
1271: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that calculates the random index pair counts based on four input parameters and returns
1272: This R script checks whether the input object 'object' can be considered as removing by checking its class and substring of first
1273: This R script defines an updated balance calculation that takes into account the contributions from different types of investments. The inputs are three elements
1274: This R script defines the 'triple step combinations' as an algorithm that calculates possible ways to reach from zero steps in
1275: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'function' named ```code```. The purpose and
1276: This R script checks whether the input 'result' is different from its corresponding "original" in terms of whitespaces and tabs
1277: This R script modifies the list 'paWnList', depending on whether or not its corresponding element is of type "
1278: This R script creates and runs the specified number of student names. It prompts users to enter their name one by each time
1279: This R script defines an 'underscore' or '_replace_function'. It checks the type of input and length, then
1280: This R script checks the validity of playing cards. It verifies that all king's are either placed on tiles or covers
1281: This R script calculates the sequence of levels in Pickets Fencing based on an initial level E and average distance between each
1282: This R script creates an 'if' statement that checks whether the input parameter is missing and assigns it to current date or
1283: This R script defines an error message when no specific Ansbile markers are provided to test functions using pytests and returns
1284: This R script defines the `getLocalBatchSize`函数, which calculates and returns batch size based on whether
1285: This R script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each line in the input vector. It uses two pointers,
1286: This R script defines the 'parsePutLocationResponse' that takes in one argument - put location response. It parses and
1287: These functions calculate the pressure thickness of two types or three sets ups in water at different times and pressures using differential equations
1288: This R script defines the 'hund' case b Landauer factor. The input parameters are used to calculate and output an
1289: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that determines the file type based on its MIME Content Type.
1290: This R script counts the number of OSD devices or LVM volumes present within an environment. It checks whether there is any
1291: This R script defines an estimate of the proportion that is considered "zero" when dealing with continuous data. It checks whether all
1292: This R script defines the 'convertBox' functions that converts box coordinates from image space to screen/canvas coordinate system.
1293: This R script checks whether the given year is either an "isogram" or not. An 'Isograms' are
1294: A simple R programming script that calculates the power and then applies module operation.  The result is returned as output of an
1295: This R script calculates the arithmetic means of an input list 'rts' using built in functions to remove NA values
1296: A simple R script that defines the 'clamp' or bounded value. It takes three arguments - x is what we want
1297: A simple R script to truncates the hash in git commits.  It checks whether length of input string is greater than
1298: This R script defines an anonymous or "genus PARNAME SPECIES"-type taxonomy. It takes three arguments
1299: This R script creates an anonymous ("cell") vector that maps each input number to its corresponding Excel column name. For example if
1300: This R script updates the 'value' field of streams based on events. If there is an event with different value than what
1301: This R script defines an "intersection" or similar operation between two linked lists. It counts the number of elements that are
1302: This R script extracts the id from Twitter handles. It removes '<>' and starts/ends with @ or # symbols
1303: This R script defines the 'rev' vector reverses an inputted list. It takes in one argument, which is assumed
1304: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named "function" called 'CUB' which takes one argument and returns the
1305: This R script defines an 'processUrl' that takes in one argument - the URL to be processed. If it does not
1306: This is an implementation of the ATMT model in Python which calculates various parameters based on input variables such as initial temperature and
1307: A simple R script that takes in two arguments - the base form of an English verb and its number to generate it'll
1308: This R script checks if the input string contains one of several special characters used in Markdown syntax. If it does, then
1309: This R script checks the first few lines of an input file to see whether they meet certain requirements. The requirement includes checking that
1310: Function to check if value is within range.  Code takes three arguments - the number you want checked and two numbers defining your
1311: This R script calculates the shift in field based on focal length and patient's area of overlap. The formula used is
1312: A recursive algorithm to find the smallest positive integer n such that, when raised with power of two in each iteration until it
1313: This R script defines the mean of two numbers in terms.  The parameters are three numeric values representing different parts or components
1314: This R script defines an input parsing routine that takes as its argument the data of one line from some form. It spl
1315: This R script converts the input string into an integer by splitting it at each '.' character and then converting those parts to
1316: This R script creates an output file name based on the input directory and filename labels provided by user in argument of 'function'.
1317: A simple R programming script that takes three arguments and performs an operation on them. The first two are used to calculate the result
1318: This R script defines the 'getHeight' that takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an array or matrix.
1319: This R script exports the content of an article from Wiki News to HTML format using Wikipedia's Special Export feature in
1320: This R script converts an input number into its decimal equivalent, returning either 'integer' or as much of what remains after
1321: This R script calculates the inverse of four numbers. The input parameters are used to calculate and output three vectors that represent an
1322: A simple recursive R program to calculate the Factoria of an input number. The base case is when n equals  zero
1323: This R script defines the "button" web URL object. The input parameters are used to create an HTML element with type as
1324: This R script takes an error object and recursively formats it into one single string with the structure of 'FieldName : Error
1325: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that sorts the characters in each word of input strings and returns them sorted
1326: This R script calculates the average of an input sample. The sum is calculated by using built in 'length' and then
1327: This R script creates an object called 'uniform' that takes as input the records of interest and returns their abundance. The output
1328: This R script defines an anonymous or "odd" coins() functions that takes in the list of coin values and returns only those
1329: This R script defines an encryption algorithm that takes as input two strings. The first string is the 'Key' and it determines
1330: This R script checks whether the input is valid passports IDs or not by checking two conditions - first, it should have
1331: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It checks whether the input string contains double quotes ("") and returns
1332: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that checks whether the input value is integer and then converts it
1333: This R script creates an AWS VPC using Terraform. The parameters are the name of your preferred location and subnets
1334: This R script checks if the input passphrases are valid by checking whether all of its constituent parts share no duplic
1335: This R script defines the 'calTriangleArea' to calculate and returns area of triangle formed by three points. The coordinates
1336: This R script defines an 'getRSSIText' that classifies the received signal strength indicator (- rsi), into
1337: This R script converts the given 'Resource' into its default scope.  It does so by appending ".defual
1338: This R script defines an optimal policy based on the given conditions. The input is assumed to be in range of [MINIM
1339: This R script defines an 'ensureBoolean' that checks whether the input value is either TRUE or FALSE, case insensitive ("
1340: This R script defines an 'increment' or decrements the input character by one in its case. If it is not
1341: This R script defines the 'simulate' or simulation frame and calculates reference scores. The maximum of zero is used as an
1342: Functions that convert date formats from standard R format ("yyyymmdd"), into ISO 8602 extended
1343: This R script defines the 'return one' orchestrator. It takes an input and returns it wrapped in double quotes
1344: This R script defines the name "F" as an anonymous or unnamed one line functions that takes two parameters, 'Param
1345: This R script defines an 'extract amount' or `function` named as the argument. It checks whether to extract negative
1346: This R script converts logical unit number to Free BSD disk name format using the given LUN and Part Number parameters
1347: This R script converts fractional values to integer strings. It takes two arguments - width of the number in binary representation which
1348: This is the unicode version of R's default character encoding, which converts all characters to their corresponding UniC
1349: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that checks whether the input string ends with underscores. The check starts
1350: This R script removes the beginning and ending lines of public keys.  It takes as input one line string, strips out all
1351: This R script converts miles to kilometers per hour using the formula of conversion from km/hr = 1 mile /
1352: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that checks whether the input text is NULL and returns it as empty
1353: This R script defines the Manhatten distance between two points in three dimensions. The distances are calculated by taking absolute differences of
1354: This R script converts an input list of commands into one string. The output is separated by ";".  It uses the
1355: Create an R script that takes in two strings as input and returns the concatenation of these inputs with ** around them.
1356: This R script calculates the amount of solute that is not hydrophobic based on fat content and water's
1357: This R script defines an 'find' or search functionality that finds the position of any character in string. It takes two arguments
1358: This R script calculates the percentage difference between two prices. It takes in parameters 'old' and "New" price to
1359: This R script builds and returns an ElasticSearch Search Query based on the provided parameters such as 'Query', Page number &
1360: This R script checks if the input string starts with '/' character. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or
1361: This R script checks the presence of certain keys in an input data frame. If all four are present, it returns TRUE;
1362: A R script that creates an object with specified values and types based on provided conditions in one line using lapply().  The
1363: This R script converts an input time string in the format 'HH::MMM' to seconds using simple arithmetic operations
1364: This R script checks whether the input 'c' is negative. It returns true when there are any negatives in it and
1365: This R script calculates the statistics of an input list. If there are elements in ls then it computes and returns their
1366: This R script calculates the number of frames in an audio signal. It takes three arguments dur = duration time to be processed
1367: This R script calculates the drain rate of an ecosystem based on whether or not it is underwater and how much water has
1368: This R script calculates the accuracy of an algorithm. It takes four arguments - true positive rate 'fp', false negative
1369: A simple R script that takes three arguments - count of objects to be checked and the two strings representing one object. It returns
1370: This R script replaces specific strings in the URL with other string using regular expressions and returns modified version of it as output from
1371: This R script defines the 'get\_wstar' and its purpose is to calculate start wavelength of each pixel in an image
1372: This R script defines an 'one hot' or dummy variable coding system that converts numeric input into binary vectors of
1373: This R script parses AWS CloudTraIL events and extract relevant information. It is designed to parse the bucket name from S
1374: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that checks whether the input message is null and returns either provided defual
1375: This R script checks whether the given row and column positions are valid within an array. It returns true only when both conditions of
1376: This R script defines an anonymous or named "flattenList" that takes in one argument - lst. It uses the
1377: This R script creates an empty list. It takes as input the scraping data and returns it in lists format, but does
1378: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes two arguments - 'genoms' and ‘output’
1379: This is an R script that takes in tokens as input and joins them into one string using the "paste()" command. The
1380: This R script defines an "extract pattern" or helper method that takes in any object and returns the underlying regular expression used
1381: This R script defines the 'sanitisize' orchestration of dynamically generated DYnamic Table fil
1382: This R script splits the input list into individual elements and removes any double quotes from each element. The result is returned as
1383: This R script creates an equivalent of the given directory permission. It checks whether each number in 'permission' is even or odd
1384: This R script calculates the number of zeros at end in factorial. It uses modulo operation to find out how
1385: This R script creates an 'make' key from device id and the type of its current status. The keys are created by
1386: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language called "R" that takes three arguments and returns the result of stret
1387: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two given Frequency of Urbanization ratios.  The result is an indicator that
1388: This R script defines the 'findMajorityElement' to identify and output an element that appears more than half of times
1389: This R script creates an "formatHex" that takes in one argument, the input 'Color', and returns its hex
1390: This R script calculates the resistance of an electromechanical system given its current in terms that it is not loaded with
1391: This R script defines an interval distance calculation. It takes three arguments - the value to be checked v and two intervals minima
1392: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that calculates the list of all factors and also checks whether it
1393: This R script defines the 'chrom' or "Choropleth" plot using geojson data and shapef
1394: This R script rewrites the file names in an input vector of files based on certain patterns and replacements, replacing
1395: This R script creates an object named 'constructProcessorName' that takes two arguments - the robot and processor types. It returns
1396: This R script calculates the height of water from rainfall flow rates and durations. The formula used is derived by
1397: This R script defines an anonymous or named "guessNameFromUri" that takes in one argument, the URI. If
1398: This R script calculates the excess of rainfall from two inputs - 'Throughfalls' and ‘Canop
1399: This R script checks whether every color from the 'given' vector is present within another list of provided colours. If not it
1400: This R script defines an intersection check between two rectangles. It takes as input the coordinates of four corners in each rectangle and
1401: This R script extends the 'extend' functionality of an existing sequence by adding new elements from another vector. It first finds all
1402: A simple scaling or normalization of data between two given ranges using linear interpolation in R programming language"   Code explanation and usage
1403: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes two arguments - target group and the list of groups. It checks
1404: This R script replaces all the bad characters with an empty string. The list of "blacklisted" or unwanted ch
1405: This R script defines the "stripNewLine"函数 that removes trailing newlines from input lines. It checks
1406: This R script defines an efficient algorithm to find all prime numbers upto the given input. It uses two variables 'a'
1407: This R script checks if the content of an inputted .txt or other text files matches with another string entered by user in
1408: This R script calculates the remainder of each number by dividing it with ten. If there is no reminder, then returns
1409: This R script calculates the value of an equation based on input. The formula is as follows, where x and y are
1410: A simple R script to extract the solution from an inputted story. This version of 'getSolver' is
1411: This R script splits the ticker information into individual components. The input is expected to be in string format and returns an
1412: A simple R max() equivalent in one line.  It takes two arguments and returns the maximum of them using an "if
1413: This R script calculates the normalized score based on two sizes. The formula used is “norm” in statistics where it
1414: This R script defines the 'getTypeName' method that determines and returns type names based on input parameters. It checks whether
1415: A linear interpolation between two points.  It's used to calculate the value of one variable at any given point in
1416: This R script calculates the total size of an elliptical region defined by two minimum and maximum values in terms square pixels
1417: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the smallest difference between two angles. The first argument is
1418: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the difference rate between two numbers. If 'Expected'
1419: This R script defines an anonymous or named JavaScript/Python functions that checks if input string matches either of two predefined strings
1420: This R script checks whether the last character of each input string is "\n" or not. If it'is then returns
1421: This R script creates an interactive remote file transfer command using sBatch and the parameters provided in input arguments to it via lST
1422: This R script defines an anonymous or named "bound" that takes three arguments x ,m and  max value of the range
1423: This R script defines an 'safe' open operation that attempts to read the specified filename. If there is any issue with opening
1424: This R script calculates the change in height from one iteration to another. It takes two arguments - old and new heights of
1425: A simple Eulers method implementation in R. It takes three arguments - T0 and dt/dtdx respectively which
1426: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form that converts pixels to meters based on the provided ratio between two
1427: This R script converts the input string into an equivalent directory path. It removes all spaces, apostrophes and brackets
1428: This R script defines the 'dequoting', which is used to remove quotes from strings in character vectors that may have been
1429: This R script strips whitespace from the input string. It uses gsub() to replace all instances of one or more consecutive
1430: This R script defines an IOU or Intersection over Union calculation. The input to the 'IOU' is two rect
1431: This R script defines the Heavysine step activation rule. It takes an input value and returns ‘true’ or
1432: This R script defines an exponentiation ease in operation, which is essentially raising the base to some power given by p minus one
1433: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that takes two arguments - approx atmospheric refractivity and the
1434: This R script defines an anonymous or named "lustre\_client" id. It takes two arguments - 'mount'
1435: This R script defines the 'parseTitle' Function. It takes in one argument - Raw Title which is expected to be of
1436: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isPythaTripl" that checks whether three numbers are Pythyagonal triple
1437: A simple R programming script that flattens an input list.  It uses the reduce() and c functions to combine all
1438: This R script defines the 'v2' version of an object, which returns '-', if it is null and otherwise just
1439: This R script calculates the difference between two times in minutes using difftimes() and returns it to be used elsewhere or
1440: This R script encodes special characters in the input string. It replaces 'and' with & and less than/great
1441: This R script defines the "fts to cm" conversion formula and provides it in one line using an anonymous or lambda
1442: This R script cleans the input string by removing unwanted characters. It uses regular expressions to identify and remove certain types of br
1443: This R script compares two version strings and returns an integer indicating the comparison result between them -> 3 If first string is
1444: A recursive implementation of the Factorial Function in R. The base case is when 'n' equals to zero which returns
1445: This R script converts the given vector of unique English language dictionary into an indexed version. The input is expected to be
1446: This R script defines an anonymous or named JavaScript/Python functions that maps input strings to integers. The mapping is as follows,
1447: This R script checks whether the input value can be called as either an anonymous or named functions in one way only by applying it
1448: This R script formats logging messages based on certain keywords. It can handle different kinds and quantities related to the number or size/
1449: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getUniqueItems' procedure. It takes two vectors
1450: This R script defines the 'testHeader' Function that takes two arguments - calibration version and exposure type which are then used to
1451: This R script checks the type of input and returns TRUE or False based on whether it is either 'Git' in its
1452: This is an implementation of Intersection over Union metric in R. It calculates the intersection and unions areas between two boxes
1453: A simple R script that defines and runs the 'say_hell'o() Function.  The output is an integer value
1454: This R script defines an anonymous inline S3 object that allows the user to add ingresses into AWS security groups using EC2
1455: A simple R script that defines an 'saludo' named vector. The first argument is used to greet the user and if
1456: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the cubic Hermitian polynomial evaluation algorithm which is used in numerical computation and
1457: This R script parses parameters from the command line into an object that can be used later on within your program or analysis pipeline
1458: This R script defines an 'unbox' uscase where the input is expected to be of list type and each element within
1459: This is the definition of an Sigmoidal Function, which takes in one input and returns its derivative with respect to that variable
1460: This R script creates an anonymous ("lambda") or "anonymous" version of the `groupByLines` operation.
1461: This R script defines the 'getRefPath' Function. It checks OpenAPI major version and returns appropriate path based on it
1462: A simple R script that calculates the scalar product of two vectors. The input is expected to be provided as arguments and returns
1463: A simple R script to simulate the battle between two characters. The character's health is reduced by 'damage'. If
1464: This R script checks if two intervals overlap. It does so by checking whether one interval's lower limit is less than or
1465: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in R. It takes as input n and returns its corresponding value
1466: This R script defines an anonymous or "power of N" operation. It takes two arguments - 'base' and the exponent
1467: This is the definition of an arbitrary one line model. It takes three arguments - slope and two points on which it performs its
1468: This R script defines the 'remove duplicated' functionality. It takes as input an array of data sets and returns another set
1469: This R script merges zeros and nonzeros from an input vector into one single sequence. It also handles the case
1470: This R script counts the number of parents in each node's list within an input graph object using recursion and base programming
1471: A R script that converts the input value to its equivalent in terms of % and returns it rounded off with two decimal places
1472: This R script converts the input string into lowercase, replaces spaces with hyphens and removes dots. It also handles
1473: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns values based on input parameters 'p' &amp;lt
1474: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline” version of the 'getFileName' functionality. It takes in one argument -
1475: Function checks if all levels in level object are present as keys of the 'Skryniki' dictionary.  If they
1476: This R script creates an anonymous or "top row" of the inputted 3x4 Matrix. It returns only one
1477: This R script converts CMYK values to RGB. It takes as input the Cyan value 'c' and Mag
1478: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that toggles the collapse state of some data. The input parameters are '
1479: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'massage' or "clean" procedure that takes in string
1480: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getClass' method. The class is assigned based on
1481: This R script creates an object named 'message' that contains the type of input and its associated ID. The output is also
1482: This R script calculates the average of geographical coordinates. It takes as input an object 'center' which is expected to
1483: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form that converts the coordinates of rectangles in two dimensions to their
1484: This R script checks whether all elements of the input vector are integers or not, returning TRUE when they're both integer and
1485: This R script checks whether the input number is Prime or not by using an optimized algorithm to check divisor upto square root
1486: This R script defines an anonymous or named "quitThumb" that takes one argument, the name of file. It
1487: This R script defines the "speed" calculation in km/hr and rounds it to specified decimal places using an optional argument named
1488: This R script defines the model to calculate an estimate of population size based on three parameters - radius in kilo pc's
1489: This R script checks if the input variable 'x' exists in current environment or not using built - –function named "
1490: This R script calculates the maximum value from an inputted vector. The 'for' loop iteratively checks each element of
1491: This R script defines an anonymous or local named 'remote_branches' that takes the first line of input and extract
1492: This R script converts MAC address string to tuple format using the hexadecimal conversion method in one line of codes with
1493: This R script checks if the input 'x' can be considered as an integer. It does so by checking whether there are
1494: This R script fixes the inputted 'age' to be zero when it is between ages of ten and thirteen.
1495: This R script creates parameters to be used in an API request. The input is the 'User ID'. It returns two elements
1496: This R script calculates the number of minutes in seven days by multiplying given time value with corresponding conversion factor and then rounds
1497: This R script defines the `findpost` to determine whether or not an input string begins with any of several possible prefixes
1498: This R script defines an ISO format date/time conversion utility that takes in the components of any given time and returns them as
1499: This R script defines the 'researchedBefore'函数 that checks whether any of players research has been done before
1500: This R script converts millisecond timestamp to seconds. It takes an input of type integer or numeric and returns the equivalent
1501: This is the definition of an R script that converts all text in input to its corresponding ASCII value.  It uses
1502: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that checks the sign of input values and returns zero when they are
1503: This R script converts the input string from Snakes case formatting into Camels Case Format. It splits on unders
1504: This R script defines an equation based on the product of four input parameters. If any parameter is not supplied it will alert you
1505: This R script checks if the input string contains only digits and/or letters from M to 1. If it does
1506: This R script defines the `letter_grades` functions that converts points to grades. The average is calculated and then compared
1507: This R script defines an ARIA – Automated Remote Inclusion of Artifacts by Anyone. It takes as
1508: A simple R script that performs elementwise multiplication and sums up the result.  It checks whether vectors are of equal lengths before
1509: This program finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion to divide by powers and factors until it reaches
1510: This R script defines the 'getOrigFileName' that takes in file name as input and returns original filename with its extension.
1511: This R script defines the 'decideWin' method, which takes an input of matches and returns who wins based on scoring
1512: A simple R script to calculate the number of True Positives. It takes two vectors as input and returns count how many elements
1513: This R script defines an object named 'params' that takes four parameters - two of which are vectors and the other three strings
1514: This R script calculates the compound interest of an initial capital invested with specified annual compounding frequency and yield. The formula used
1515: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes two arguments - 'data lines' and the technology to be
1516: Functions to perform arithmetic operations on numbers with different bases and rounds the result downward in their respective basis values using R
1517: This R script defines an 'match title' functionality that checks whether or not certain titles are present within inputted events. It
1518: This R script calculates the middle point between two points in xy coordinates using vectorized operations and returns it as an output
1519: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes two arguments - 'Element' and ‘Charge’.
1520: A simple R script to calculate the sum of Fibo numbers upto n. The naïve approach is used here
1521: This R script defines the 'normalise' or normalization functions. The inputs are x which is to be normalized and three parameters
1522: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two timestamps. The input is expected to be in seconds since epoch time
1523: This R script reads and returns the content of an inputted path as one continuous string. It uses 'readlines' to
1524: Creates two functions to handle conditional and column based data filtering. The first one handles cell level condition between values while the second
1525: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in the path of application and returns channel name from it based on
1526: This R script calculates the sum of variance and square rooted value. The input is two parameters - 'Mean'
1527: This R script defines an autonomous chromsome checker. It takes in one argument - the name of choron
1528: This R script cleanses the input string by removing leading and trailing punctuation, converting all characters in lower case.
1529: This R script checks if the input parameters are within clinical bounds and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on these conditions; otherwise it
1530: This R script defines the 'getAttrItem' method which is used to access attributes of an object. It splits attribute
1531: This R script defines an 'index' or bounds checking mechanism. It takes two arguments; the first is "array" and
1532: This R script defines the `get_cornor` coordinate system based on whether or not vertical positioning is specified in input
1533: This R script writes the input string to an output .txt or any other type of files.  The name and content are
1534: This R script defines the 'getMockResponse' object which returns mock responses based on input parameters. The response is structured as
1535: This R script defines the 'stripPinningVersionDependencies' functions which removes version dependencies from package names and versions in string
1536: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes two parameters. The first parameter is the 'prepending'
1537: This R script defines the 'setUsers' Function. It takes two arguments - an active database connection and user data in form
1538: This R script checks if the week days in an event are continuous or not. It returns TRUE when there's at least
1539: This R script checks whether the input list contains at least one null element or not using an iterative approach with 'for'
1540: This R script defines the `mat` command that takes two arguments and returns their difference modulo some number "M". The
1541: This R script converts non numerics to NA and character strings with length 1 or less than two characters into their respective
1542: This R script defines an 'brightness' variable that checks whether input values are within specified range and returns them in integer format
1543: Create an AWS IAM policy ARN.  Input is the Policy Name and Outputs its corresponding AWSIamPolicy
1544: This R script defines an anonymous or named "is_prime" vectorized operation that checks whether the input number x, which
1545: This R script defines the 'rescaled' or scaled version of an input value within its original range. The formula used
1546: This R script defines an anonymous or named "extractName" that takes in one argument, 'input'. It uses the
1547: This R script defines the 'removePrefix' functions that removes specified string from start of text. If input is equal to provided
1548: This R script calculates the sum of five terms in an equation based on input parameters. The first term is simply freq
1549: This R script defines the 'normalizeSpacs' or abbreviated as normSpc. It takes in one argument,
1550: This R script defines the "START OF CHUNK" functionality. It checks whether or not to begin new chunks based
1551: This R script defines the 'removeDuplicate' functions that removes duplicated elements from an inputted array. It uses two
1552: This R script defines an anonymous or named "ordMod" that takes two arguments - 'A' and the modulus number
1553: This R script creates an object that contains the title and its associated information in one line of text using lists as data structures to
1554: This R script checks whether the first six characters of an input symbol are ' param '_ or not using built in functions like `
1555: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'remote\_urls' functionality from Hadleys GGPl
1556: A simple R script that checks whether an object is of class Quantity and returns its numerics value otherwise it simply outputs the
1557: This R script calculates the total electricity production from power utilites. It takes as input an object of class 'dataframe
1558: This R script replaces the dashes and dots in character name with underscores using regular expressions, then returns modified string
1559: This R script defines the 'giaiPT' to solve linear equations. It takes two parameters and returns one of three possible
1560: A helper that chains functions together using the '.' operator in R, similar to JavaScript's .apply() method or Python
1561: This R script converts degrees to HMS format using the formula "degrees = ((minutes/degree_resolution)*
1562: This R script converts an array of numbers into their duration in minutes. It multiplies the input by sixteen, rounds
1563: A simple R script that converts RGB values to hexadecimal color codes using the "sprinft" and "%
1564: This R script checks whether the input variable var in an environment that supports symbolic computation or not by using recursion and conditional statements
1565: A simple R script to calculate the cost of labor based on potential yields in an agricultural field, with some conditions and default values
1566: This R script calculates the difference between two elements in an array. The first element is subtracted from its second to calculate
1567: This R script defines the `getCaseInput` Function. It takes an argument of type integer and returns its corresponding inputs in
1568: This R script generates subject line based on the provided Software Release and Operating System Version.  The output is in format '
1569: This R script defines the 'speedy' human readable formatting. It takes an input of "speed" and returns
1570: This R script takes as input the string "SONG" and decodes it by replacing all occurrences of WU
1571: This R script defines the 'speedy' section of bot. It takes three arguments - "speed limit" and two distances
1572: This R script generates the Fibo sequence up to an input number 'N'. It starts with two initial numbers, and
1573: A simple R script to generate HTML tags. It takes text as input and returns the opening of an html tag "table"
1574: This R script defines an alternate version of the binary info host observed check. It checks if record has "fs" in its
1575: This R script defines the 'function' named "height" which calculates and returns height based on percentage inputted by user
1576: This R script calculates the minimum proportion of observations that can be expected to have nonzero effect if there is no true association
1577: This R script defines an `if` condition to check the first three elements of input vector 'namess' and returns corresponding
1578: A simple R script that checks whether the input column is present or not.  It returns TRUE when found and FALSE otherwise based
1579: This R script removes duplicated values from the input list. It uses built in 'unique' command to achieve that goal,
1580: This R script defines the 'reverse' black and white image. It takes an input of type "image" as argument
1581: A simple R script that calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers using an anonymous or inline definition in one line with no
1582: This R script defines an inline comment. The purpose of the program is to add 'Spiffy Spams' when eggs
1583: Safer version of the given R script that checks whether input value is NULL or not, and returns either 'none' string
1584: This is an implementation of the Independence Principle in R. It checks whether two inputs are independent or not by
1585: This R script calculates the minimum number of brackets needed to balance parentheses. It uses two stacks and keeps
1586: This R script creates an indexing tag. The input is the 'KEY' and its corresponding "value". It converts
1587: This R script creates and returns an array of lines based on the input parameters. The first parameter is used as x value while
1588: This R script defines an "element wise" sum of two lists. It takes in 3 arguments - the first and second
1589: This R script defines an anonymous or "alpha" version of the seq() built in sequence generator that takes two arguments -
1590: This R script calculates the result of multiplying an input number by 3 and then adds it to itself, which is
1591: This R script defines an anonymous or named "removeCNum" that takes as input the name of another vector. It then
1592: This R script checks if the input string starts with "#" symbol. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or
1593: This R script checks whether all values of the input vector 'drty run content' is empty. If any value isn’
1594: The functions 'int1' and its equivalent in the second version are used to convert numeric values into binary. It checks
1595: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the Python builtin `isPyThogareonTripl
1596: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the last jump to step. It takes in input 'steps', and
1597: This R script converts all data types to integer except Date and POSIXlt objects which are converted as character strings by
1598: This R script converts KDD format into GNAME. It takes an input string in the form of "Kitchen___
1599: This R script defines an extension of the built in `read.table` and reads data from different sources, with specific extensions
1600: This R script checks whether the given song URI exists within an array of songs. If it does exist then returns TRUE else FALSE
1601: This R script defines an anonymous or "polygonic number" generator. It takes two arguments; the 'side' of
1602: This R script defines two functions - `make_and` and the other one is not defined in your provided context. The
1603: This R script filters the available resource types and returns their corresponding attribute names. It also handles different cases based on whether they are
1604: This R script calculates the Intersecting Overlap Unit or IOU between two bound boxes. The input is expected to
1605: This R script defines the 'function' named "water\_temperature" that takes two arguments; one is temperature and another argument
1606: This R script creates and returns the opposite of each value in input dictionary D. It uses lambda functions to perform operations on
1607: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form that converts significance levels to stars (* = significant at 9
1608: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isWebLink" that checks whether the input string 'link' contains either http
1609: This R script defines an 'autocoplet' query. It takes two arguments - the search string and type of organization
1610: This R program defines an OS X terminal shell macro that takes in the name of any bash or sh commands and converts them
1611: This R script checks the status of Elasticsearch's indexing operation by verifying whether at least one primary node in
1612: This R script creates an empty EKS nodepool named "<input>" using the AWS SDK.  The
1613: This Python script converts the input parameters into one string. The first parameter is name and second argument are resultant values which
1614: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed functional form that removes the specified ions from molecules represented as their corresponding chemical symbols
1615: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that converts string input into integer list using the str splitting and conversion
1616: This R script checks whether all tuples within 'matchList' are valid matches with respect to an ID TUPLE
1617: This R script calculates the beta value based on an initial rate and gamma parameter.  The formula is rho*params
1618: This R script calculates the initial count of nodes in an optimal binary prefix heuristic. The number and type parameters are
1619: A simple recursive object accessor that splits the string on '.' and attempts to navigate through an R list structure using
1620: This R script defines the polynomial equation y = f_poly.  The coefficients are passed as arguments to define each term of
1621: This R script calculates the variance of signal power in dB. It takes two arguments - SNR and ‘e’
1622: This R script defines an Electron Current Density Function. It takes in parameters mu and the densities of electrons at different points
1623: This R script converts numeric codes into string representations. It maps the numerical values to specific error messages based on their meaning
1624: This R script creates an image using the given parameters. The text is formatted as "Sentences are quoted with double quotes and
1625: This R script defines the 'system' range based on input mode. The modes are defined as switches in an if else statement
1626: A simple R script that converts all text to uppercase.  It takes in one argument, someText and returns the
1627: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line JavaScript/R functions that checks whether the input page vector has only
1628: This R script creates an URL to download the quantified data from EBI's Genome Browser using their access key
1629: This R script creates an anonymous or named one line functions that takes as input the list of numbers and returns only those elements which
1630: This R script defines an IoU or Jaccard index calculation between two boxes in the form of four elements vector [x
1631: This R script calculates the air mass based on surface density Sd using an equation derived from astronomy's formulae
1632: This R script converts the 'employee' column from character to numerics in an input dataset, named "dataset".
1633: This R script defines the 'months passed' functionality using date inputs and returns an integer value representing how many months have been
1634: This R script converts all character elements of the input vector to HTML format with line breaks. The output is also returned as
1635: This R script defines an anonymous ("function") that adds all numbers up to n. It uses the built in sum() and
1636: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous" in the context of functions here - it's not defined by any name
1637: This R script defines an anonymous or named "formatQuery()" that takes in one argument, 'input'. It removes all double
1638: This R script converts MISRA dictionary into text format. It iterates over the keys and values of nested dictionaries
1639: This R script creates an anonymous or "immediate" parameterized version of the given 'params' vector. It returns only
1640: This R script checks if the input is greater than or equal to 1678493. If it'
1641: This R script defines the 'clamp' or bounded value between two values. It takes three arguments - an input number "
1642: This R script defines the 'single or double' functionality. It takes two arguments - name & residency which is used to
1643: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "anonymous" functions that takes in one argument, my list. It
1644: These functions are used to compare the number of lines in two different files. The first one checks if expected line numbers match with
1645: Code checks whether the input string contains "bee" or not, and also verifies that it has at least 3 characters
1646: This R script converts the input time in hours to seconds using an anonymous functions and returns NA when there is any missing data
1647: This R script checks if the input object 't' belongs to class named Tuples. It uses "issubclass
1648: This R script converts millisecond to minutes and seconds format using the given input in argument of 'function'. The output is
1649: This R script calculates the slot number based on time stamp and stepsize  Code is calculating how many times ts divided by
1650: This R script calculates the sum of two numbers multiplied by 4 and three times another number. The result is then
1651: A simple R script that defines and runs an anonymous Macro with keyword arguments.  It also checks the dependencies of each step
1652: This R script converts an input string of comma separated integers and ranges into numerically sorted unique integer values within the range specified
1653: This R script defines an anonymous or "dense" output calculation based on the input parameters 'h', which is assumed to
1654: This R script defines the Weber's Hazards Rate model. The input parameters are alpha and betas which represent two
1655: This R script defines the 'cumulutive sum' of array elements. It checks whether input is empty, and
1656: This is the implementation of FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. The input to it will be an integer and returns
1657: This R script defines the 'get_colour' index which takes two arguments - an integer and character vector. It returns
1658: This R script defines an anonymous or named "fromIThreeNumber" that takes three arguments - string s and two integers/
1659: This R script is designed to filter out the User Agent strings from JSON data that match any of our specified 'final' Bad
1660: This R script defines an anonymous or "epsilon" as the square of ab/bb. The result is returned by calling it
1661: This R script calculates the total of all digtis in an input number, taking into account whether it is positive or negative
1662: This R script creates an anonymous ("make great") version of the input vector "name" by adding prefixes to each element
1663: This R script changes all spaces in the input string to hyphens.  It uses builtin 'gsub' and regular
1664: This R script defines the 'move' operation. It takes two arguments - position and movement vector; it returns new coordinates after
1665: This is an implementation of the Tarairi's recursive algorithm. It takes three arguments and returns one value based on
1666: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes as input an object of class "h
1667: This R script defines an 'is article' checker that checks if the URL has four parts and whether it starts with '/
1668: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isPrime" that checks whether the input number 'n' passed as argument
1669: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 class that gets the type of column from its attributes. The attribute is used
1670: This R script creates an anonymous or "flat" version of the inputted two dimensional matrix. The output is another one dimension
1671: This R script defines the 'covst' or short form of "covert string to numerics" and converts all
1672: A simple R script that checks whether the input is an empty string or not. If it's '', then replace with default
1673: Code defines an R script that checks two conditions and returns different results based on the first condition being met. If not meeting criteria
1674: This R script defines the `parseLatLon` and parses latitude/longitudes from string input values by removing
1675: This R script defines the `parseBool` that converts string inputs to boolean values based on whether they are "Yes",
1676: This R script defines the 'getDataSetCoun'tation of an object that calculates and returns how many datasets
1677: This R script defines the 'mapRegisterNameToValue', which maps names of registers to their corresponding values in an environment,
1678: This R script cleans the SMILES filename by replacing all "/" with underscore.  The cleaned name is then returned
1679: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda" or inline functions in Python terms )function that takes as input the text to be
1680: A simple JavaScript/R programming language implementation. Code prints out the message and then calculates "One plus one equals two".
1681: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in string as argument and removes backslash (\).  The
1682: This R script defines the 'getCoordinatesText' or simply named as `getText`. It takes two arguments - an
1683: This R script defines the 'block quotation' or quote functionality. It takes an input string and returns it wrapped in double
1684: This R script creates an URL by combining the base url with path to specific file in packages.  It is used when you
1685: This R script compares two strings by their lengths. If the string is shorter or longer than another one it returns its corresponding
1686: This R script defines the 'getSampless' that takes in an input of type dictionary and returns all samples from it
1687: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes two arguments - 'subdir' and the operating system ('OS
1688: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in the JWT token and extracts user ID
1689: This R script creates an interactive sliders that allow the user selects between two given values. The selected year is then displayed
1690: This R script handles the port probe actions and returns an IP address from them, based on certain conditions defined in 'actions'
1691: A simple R script that converts the input number into its rounded version with one decimal place using printf in base 36
1692: This R script defines an anonymous ("function" in programming terms ) named 'display_numbers' that takes one argument -
1693: This R script creates an anonymous or "lambda" version of the 'dictionary' operation. It takes two arguments - dictionary
1694: This R script defines an 'process health' variable that takes in input as the numerical value of Health and returns string representation based
1695: A simple R script that defines the 'cubip' or cube power. It takes two arguments - an input number
1696: This R script creates an 'create other' labels functionality. It checks whether the inputted labelling is in any of given
1697: This R script converts an integer input into its corresponding letter in the alphabet using base 64 encoding method, which
1698: This R script checks whether the inputted string is long enough, contains at least one uppercase letter and lower case letters.
1699: A simple R script that converts the input string to Purple color.  Code is used in conjunction with other functions from
1700: A simple R script that takes in column name as input and returns the weight of an object if it exists, else ‘
1701: A simple R script that prints the id of any moleculet object.  This is useful when you want to quickly identify
1702: A simple R script to clean HTML tags from input string.  It uses regular expressions in combination with base functions like `g
1703: This is the definition of an R script that compares two values and returns -1 when first argument less than second one.
1704: This R script removes all the leading and trailing whitespaces from input string. It also replaces multiple consecutive space characters into
1705: This R script defines an adjusted detector length calculation based on the user's inputted parameters and defaults to returning minimum of two
1706: This R script defines an 'if' condition that checks whether the input parameter, "lvn", belongs to certain conditions and
1707: This R script defines the 'strip whitespaces' functionality. It takes in an input and checks its class, then uses g
1708: This R script defines the 'hue' variable, which takes numerics as input but stops execution when it encounters non
1709: This R script filters the dictionary based on given keyword list and returns only those keys from original dictonary which are present in
1710: This R script defines the cubic time scaling transformation as described in "A Practical Guide to Time Series Analysis" by Robert H
1711: This R script converts strings into booleans using the is.* functions in baseR package and also handles some special cases
1712: This R script calculates the calculated margins based on given distances. The input is assumed to be in kilometers and
1713: This R script calculates the combination of n items taken r at random. If 'r' is greater than or equal to
1714: This R script checks whether the given dictionary is empty or not and also recursively searches through nested dictionaries to check each of
1715: This R script defines the SZUDZIK pairwise comparison algorithm. It takes two arguments and returns an output based
1716: This R script converts input string into an anchor ID. It replaces multiple whitespace, lowercases all letters in order
1717: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'quality' to dB m. Function that converts input from
1718: This R script calculates the mean movie score from an input list of movies. The scores are stored in each individual 'Mov
1719: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes in one argument 'local part' of the email address and returns
1720: This R script calculates the arithmetic mean of an input vector. If there is no data or only one element present it
1721: This R script defines the 'getLinkEdged' method which returns all edges that are connected to vertices in an input list
1722: A recursive implementation of the "fibonacci" sequence. The base case is when N = 0 or negative
1723: This R script cleans the input string by replacing certain phrases with other ones. The cleaning process involves substituting specific patterns in text
1724: This R script defines an 'Add to start' operation that adds the given number at beginning of each vector within provided input "
1725: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named "clamp" value. It checks whether the inputted 'Value'
1726: This R script checks whether the input number is always non decreasing or not by checking each individual digits of it from left to
1727: This R script defines the 'get\_descriptions' functions that takes in an input number and returns its equivalent fold coordinate
1728: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument - tap stream id and returns the first part of
1729: This R script is used to generate the base version of KAN based on minika and zookeer versions.
1730: This R script defines the 'getIntersect' method which calculates intersection points between two lines. The input parameters are four
1731: This R script defines the 'greet' functions that takes an input parameter named ```"Name""` and returns either
1732: This R script calculates the geometric mean of three numbers using an equation based on Heron's formula and returns it as
1733: This R script calculates the result of two numbers by subtracting one from another. The first number is set to be negative
1734: This R script defines the 'getCredentialFromEvent' Function. It takes an input of type "data frame" named
1735: This R script calculates the total of all odd numbers from one to given number. The calculation is done by adding each second
1736: This R script calculates the sum of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two vectors. The difference is calculated using vectorized operations
1737: This is the implementation of "myFunction" which calculates summation from 'n' to one using recursion and checks
1738: This R script defines an anonymous or named "assignYear" that takes two arguments; month and year/cycles in the
1739: This R script filters the log data based on user defined criteria. It checks whether there are any predefined or custom filtering
1740: A simple R script that calculates the higher value between two numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses an '
1741: This R script calculates the difference between two vectors of commit hashes. It takes in 3 arguments; one vector '
1742: This R script defines the 'power' Function. The functionality of calculating powers is implemented in it using recursion and modular ar
1743: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the Alpha over Kappa calculation. The input parameters are 'r'
1744: This R script checks whether the input is numeric and contains decimal points or not using gregexpr() to find any floating
1745: This R script checks if the URL starts with "http" or not. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
1746: This R script calculates the average of three numbers and rounds it to one decimal place using an anonymous or lambda functions in
1747: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that converts magnetic flux density to intensity using the formula provided in Mag
1748: This R script is designed to extract the weather icon URL from an inputted dataset. The extracted value will be returned as output
1749: This R script defines the 'computeDownCommerAreaFraction' to calculate downcoming area fraction based on land value F
1750: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one argument only functions that checks if the input string matches either 'WO' ('
1751: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional computation that checks whether the coordinates given by 'j' and ‘m’
1752: This R script takes an input of image data and returns the same processed version with values scaled between [-3, +4]
1753: This R script adds one to the last digit of each number in an array. If it reaches nine, then resets back
1754: A simple AWS Lambda Function to create an Amazon DynamoDB table. The parameters are the number of Read and Cap
1755: This R script defines the view to be used when accessing your website's root URL ('/'). It checks whether there is
1756: This is the TDMA algorithm implementation in R. It takes an array as input and returns 0 or '1'
1757: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in URL representation and replaces underscores with sl
1758: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized operation that determines the number of operations needed to compute with two factors. The
1759: This R script checks the input parameter 'x' of an arbitrary number, whether it is within range [a=b]
1760: This R script defines an object that retrieves the markers associated with objects. The input is expected to be of class '
1761: This R script calculates the ceiling division of two numbers. It first performs integer divison and then checks if there is any
1762: This R script checks whether the input string represents punycode or not by checking its first section against certain patterns and returns TRUE
1763: This R script defines an 'add titles' or "function" that takes two arguments - the name of one list and another
1764: This R script checks the content of PDF documents and determines whether they contain certain keywords or phrases related to turbomachine certificates
1765: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes as input two arguments - "records" and the optional
1766: A simple R script that converts input to UPPERCASE using the built in functions of programming language – "
1767: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that finds the prime factors of numbers up to 'n' and returns them
1768: This R script defines the 'midpoint' between two points in 3D space using vectorized operations and checks whether any
1769: This R script checks if two input dictionary objects have the same 'noref' value. If they do not match exactly
1770: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in data frame as input and returns the same DataFrame after
1771: This R script calculates the Mattyasi Function and plots it using an interactive plotly graph with sliders to control parameters
1772: A simple R script that subtacts the second elements of two tuples.  It returns as output another list with
1773: A simple implementation of the Fermat's Little Theorem in R. It calculates x^y under modular arithmetic where
1774: A simple empty implementation of the 'handle status update' functionality. It does nothing and returns an blank string as if there is
1775: This R script creates an object that maps the COAP class and details to their corresponding response codes. It uses bitwise operations
1776: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional program that takes four arguments and returns ‘true’ only when the first argument
1777: This R script converts the coordinates of an object in 3D space to its index number. The formula used is based
1778: A simple R script to convert CELSIUS TO FAHRENHEIT.  It takes one argument, the
1779: This R script creates and returns an object of class "haven" which is essentially dictionary. The keys are the ids
1780: This R script converts HTML special characters into their corresponding ASCII values. It uses the built in functions of baseR to
1781: This R script defines the 'function' named "ProcessRange" that takes two arguments - max Process ID and number of processes
1782: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers that are divisible by either three or five. The input is an integer
1783: A simple validation check that always returns TRUE.  This is useful when you want to ensure the data passed into your functions are
1784: This R script defines the 'getIntersect' method which calculates and returns intersection points of two lines given as endpoints
1785: This R script takes an openPI JSON object and returns the first 3 sentences from it. The output is formatted as one
1786: This R script maps the generation number to its corresponding table name.  It uses an 'if' statement and basic arithmetic
1787: This R script converts frequency labels to human readability. For example, it can convert '30m' into
1788: This R script defines the 'predict' model that takes in two parameters and returns an output. The input is squared by
1789: This R script checks if the input string 'S' starts with "a hexadecimal number" using regular expression.
1790: A simple R programming script that rounds down the input number to its nearest lower integer.  It uses modulus operator "%%
1791: This R script defines an 'generate' or "function", named ```genrateMarketPlace```, which takes one
1792: This R script defines an anonymous or named "inSkips" functions that checks whether the given start and ending values are within
1793: A simple R script to check the CEPs and display an error message if any of them fail requirements test in Ceps repository
1794: This R script builds and returns the quarter string in format "YYMM" based on input parameters.  The year is pref
1795: A simple R script to compute the product of rate by dist and cost. The result is returned as output from an anonymous/
1796: This R script defines the 'determineNativeName' Function. It takes three arguments - coreClRArgs which is not
1797: This R script checks whether the input string has matching bracket pairs in it or not using an IF condition inside another conditional statement
1798: This R script checks if the input value can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether it'
1799: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'x' and '_to_bounding box 0f rectangle
1800: This R script checks the file type of an indexed BWA/BowTIE 1 or BowTIe II
1801: These functions check whether the input is either an empty data frame or only contains zeros in its rows to determine it has some
1802: A simple R script that trims leading and trailing whitespace from text input in the form of an anonymous ("lambda"
1803: A simple R script to generate the URL of Python Package Index JSON API endpoint based on given name – "Package Name".
1804: This R script defines the 'sanitify' or "clean" version of destination path. If it ends with "/
1805: This R script defines an 'delete replace str' or simply "dr" functionality. It takes two arguments - the name of
1806: This R script defines an 'correction' sequence that replaces each letter in the input string with its corresponding correction. The
1807: This R script checks the file type and returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it's one of four common types.
1808: This R script defines the 'bbox' overlap checker. It takes four pairs of coordinates as input and checks whether they
1809: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the minimum and maximum of ranges in list. The input
1810: This R script creates an object called "ret" that holds the results of processing each row from input dataframe 'ratings
1811: This R script checks if the current turn number of Santa'a game, given as an input parameter. If it returns TRUE
1812: This R script defines an 'extract' nested dictionary operation that recursively traverses the inputted keys to access values
1813: This R script defines the `get_posts` message. It takes two arguments - an input string and another one which is
1814: This R script creates an anonymous or "solution" version of the given problem. It takes two arguments - 'n'
1815: This R script checks if the given value fits within an unsigned integer of specified number or bit size. It does so by checking
1816: This R script defines the 'returnListSmart' smart constructor. It takes in one argument, which is supposed to be
1817: This R script parses the API container VM data. It takes an object of class "Status" as input and returns two
1818: A simple recursive dictionary getter. It takes as input an initial dict and list of key paths to traverse through the
1819: This R script converts the integer value of length to blob/byte size. The conversion is based on an assumption that
1820: This R script defines the 'function' named "bindec" which converts binary numbers into decimal form using specified number of
1821: A simple R script that calculates the modulus of two numbers. If either input is not positive or second one isn'
1822: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line only version of the filename validation procedure that replaces all special characters with
1823: This R script defines the 'parseMehoHostMGRLine' which splits an input string into separate elements based on
1824: This R script defines the 'get_joob' URL based on provided configuration parameters and returns it as string or '/Job
1825: This R script formats the subcommand list into one line. It takes as input an argument 'Commands' which is expected
1826: This R script checks whether the sum of two masses is less than or equal to 9 and either one mass isn't
1827: This R script takes an input string, removes commans from it and converts the resultant character vector into integer format using
1828: This is the definition of an R script that calculates √[4/π] using negative exponentiation and round
1829: A simple R script that converts strings into binary representations based on the input parameter ('t'). It supports integer and numerics
1830: A simple R script that adds two numbers.  It takes in x and Y as inputs from the user then returns their sum
1831: This R script calculates the number of times to divide by ten in order until it reaches less than one. The result is
1832: This R script converts an input number from base two to decimal form using the formula of bitwise operations and recursion method
1833: This R script computes the ratio of two numerics and handles potential Na values by returning zero when any value is not valid
1834: This R script defines an adaptation algorithm that takes in three parameters V and two vectors of the same length. The first vector represents
1835: This R script defines the 'sample' or "sampling" functionality from configuration options in an object oriented manner using recursion
1836: This R script defines the 'hey()', which takes in one argument and returns different responses based on whether it is empty
1837: This R script defines the 'normalise' field functionality which takes in two arguments - either an object of fields or just one
1838: A simple python program which calculates average using given set integers."""---> Code Summary"Python Program Calculating Statistics
1839: This R script defines the 'code' that converts scores to ratings. The input is expected as an argument, and it
1840: This R script calculates the Euclidean distance between two 4D points. The input to your program is an array of
1841: This is the TensorFlow version of converting binary values to their equivalent decimal representation. It uses an 'if' statement within
1842: This R script converts an object of class "character" into the string format. The input is expected to be list or
1843: This R script calculates the percentage of total covered by each individual in an organization. It takes two arguments - 'coveraged
1844: A simple R script that flattens an input list of lists into one long vector using recursion and the `do`
1845: This R script defines an adjusted version of the fgPosition() that checks and modifies specific IDs. It takes in
1846: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getVMResourceId' that takes three arguments and returns
1847: This R script defines the 'flattener' or nested structure to simple vector. It takes as input an object of configurations
1848: A simple R script that converts the input number of secs into HHMMSS format.  The output is returned
1849: A recursive implementation of the multiplication operation. It takes two numbers as input and multiplies them using addition until it reaches one
1850: This R script lists all the files in specified directory.  It takes one argument, which is expected to be path of an
1851: This R script checks if the required files are present in config object and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether these file types
1852: This R script defines an 'get' or helper method to generate the fuel lattices cells. The input parameters are used
1853: This R script converts Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from degrees Celisus into
1854: This R script checks whether the string has balanced parentheses. It does so by counting open and close brackets ("()
1855: This R script defines an 'aligned' version of the input number. It takes two arguments; one is to specify how many
1856: This is the definition of an R script that implements SmoothStep interpolation. It takes three arguments - two defining points and
1857: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous" in the context of functions and scripts within them - it's just another
1858: This R script converts the input character vector into an XML format. The output is generated by using nested tags to represent each
1859: A simple R script to check whether an inputted integer 'is' Prime or Not. The logic behind checking primality involves
1860: This R script defines an 'optional string' that takes any input and returns it. It also handles different types of inputs such
1861: This R script defines the 'doTraining' procedure. It checks whether there is any difference between two sets of labels and
1862: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isAngleInInterval" that checks whether the input 'angles' falls within
1863: This R script converts deeply embedded lists into dotted notation using recursion and iteration within the provided 'nested' structure of
1864: This R script scales the coordinates of each point in g by factors specified within vector 's'. The scaling is done on x
1865: This R script calculates the absolute error between two vectors.  It takes as input both 'Expected' and Actual values
1866: This R script defines an EPSG conversion utility that converts UTM zones to the corresponding Easting and Northing coordinates.
1867: This R script generates user data. It takes an input count and returns the username as per that number of users in sequence with
1868: This R script calculates the number of distinct elements in an array. It first finds out minimum and maximum values from inputted
1869: This R script defines an IoU or Jaccard index calculation between two boxes. The input to the 'iou'
1870: A simple comparison between two numbers. It returns +/-/+ depending on the result of comparing them; If they are equal
1871: This R script calculates the standard deviation of an input vector x using sample variance formula, which is derived from population and individual
1872: This R script calculates the bias corrected estimate of an unknown population parameter. The formula is derived from Bayesian statistics and assumes
1873: This R script defines an OPML attribute generator that takes two arguments - name and Value to be stored as attributes in XML format
1874: This R script replaces certain bad characters with safe ones, such as replacing colon : , slash / and backslash \
1875: This R script defines an API checker that checks whether the specified APIs are disabled in configuration or not based on their presence
1876: This R script converts dictionary objects into formated string. The input is the object and it returns formatted names of keys with
1877: This R script adds two signals together by adding corresponding elements of the same index from each signal vector and storing them into another one
1878: This R script adds colors to the RGB values of an input color vector and checks whether or not it's white based on
1879: This R script defines the 'getCheck' name as an input parameter, which is expected to be in geoJSON format
1880: This R script converts big numbers into human readable format. It checks the size of input number and formats it accordingly using
1881: This R script defines the 'smooth' or Gaussian kernel density estimation model with parameters x and y as input variables; it calcul
1882: This R script defines the 'compute middle point' functionality as an inline one line anonymous S4 object in memory that takes two
1883: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional program that takes two arguments - 'config' and the name of one specific type
1884: This script replaces multiple instances of the specified strings within another string. The replacement process uses regular expressions and an iterative approach
1885: This R script calculates the area of square with side length ‘s’. The result is returned as an output in
1886: This R script checks if all characters in the input string are alphabeets. It does so by splitting each character of
1887: This R script implements the binary search algorithm to find an approximate cude root of given number. The idea is based on divide
1888: This R script defines the 'cutArguments' or "Cut Arguments" functions that removes query arguments from URLs. It
1889: This R script calculates the shape of an ellipse given its semi major axis length 'a'. The formula used is
1890: This R script is designed to recursively convert data types into their corresponding ones when the input type isn't recognized by base
1891: This R script calculates the weighted distance between two vectors using absolute difference and reciprocal of weight. The result is returned
1892: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It takes in one argument, n and returns
1893: This R script counts the number of occurrences in two strings that match with another string. It returns TRUE if both matching
1894: This is an implementation of the "Robber' s problem" in R. It calculates maximum amount that can be stolen
1895: This R script builds and returns the full file system paths of data stores. The first argument is 'dataStoreName' which
1896: This R script defines an anonymous or named "Split Blobs Name" Function. The purpose of the functions is to generate unique
1897: This R script defines an enum type 'Offers' with the values of offer types. The `get_onferType
1898: This R script defines the 'find\_character\'s' functionality. It scans through an input vector of strings and ident
1899: This R script defines the normalization of names in lowercase and removing underscores.  It takes an input string, conver
1900: This R script checks whether the input is greater than five or not. If it's more then returns 'TRUE', else
1901: This R script defines an anonymous or named "disjoint" functions that checks whether two lists are disjunct. It does
1902: This R script checks if the brightness of one star peak lies close to another by comparing their magnitudes and returning true or false
1903: This R script checks whether 'configurations/configure', and possibly other files in the provided list, are present or not
1904: This R script defines an empty vector as the output of its first argument. It then returns it without any further action, thus
1905: This R script computes deviations in angles between two sets of colors. It takes three parameters - 'zeta' and its
1906: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits values within specified range.  It checks whether value is less than minimum
1907: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument - 'Event Attribute', and returns
1908: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that assigns colors to different layer types based on the input parameter
1909: This R script defines two functions to calculate the learning rates and plots them out according with their iterations in an iterative process using
1910: This R script converts the pH values from decimal to molar gases using given formula and returns three results in an
1911: This R script converts string to numerics in the range of 0 - n where 'n' is determined by splitting
1912: This R script cleans the document IDs by replacing all '/' characters with ':' in input string.  It is used
1913: This R script calculates the odds of an event based on its given probabilities. The formula is derived from basic algebra and statistics
1914: This R script takes as input the content of one song's lyric and returns how many unique nonempty word are in
1915: This R script generates an IPv4 address string in the format "<prefix>.<suffix1></br> <
1916: This R script converts NMEA coordinates to degrees, taking into account the minutes and seconds of each degree's fraction
1917: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named "cubed" vectorized operation.  The input is cubing
1918: This R script defines an inline one line command to set cache options in the CMakelists.txt file using Cache Boolean
1919: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getNumNodes' method. It takes in one argument
1920: This R script defines the 'victory_counter' which takes four arguments - two of them are vectors and one is
1921: This Python script creates and returns an object that maps the keys to values from input dictionary 'dictionary'. If no argument is
1922: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that rounds each element in the input list to its nearest integer value
1923: This R script maps locale names from one format ("en, enUS; znCN=Chinese Simplified Common
1924: This script defines two functions, one to calculate the Fiboanccii sequence and another that calculates it recursively
1925: This R script converts an AWS Batch instance into dictionary format. The input is the Amazon Web Services batch job definition object
1926: This R script creates an output string based on the input parameters. The inputs are month and day of year respectively which is then
1927: A simple R script that rounds numbers to the nearest integer or halfway between integers, depending on whether they are exactly .4
1928: This R script saves the user’ questions and provides feedback based on whether they have successfully stored their data in database – true
1929: This R script converts the duration in seconds into hours format with rounding to two decimal places and returns zero if input is
1930: This R script takes an input string of numerals and removes all spaces, dashes from it.  It then returns the
1931: This R script defines an "oneline" version of the csv file name to json filename conversion process using str_c
1932: This R script fixes the model's encoder Q states dictionary by removing "prefix" from keys and returns it as output of
1933: This R script defines the 'parseGeneSeekRProfile' which takes as input an expression value and returns all genes
1934: This R script filters the input dataset based on provided character name and victim/ attacker / killers from an external file using
1935: This R script converts the input list into an integer type data structure using as_integers() from dplyr package
1936: This R script converts an IP address into its numeric representation using the conversion method described in Section II of https://en
1937: This R script calculates the Net Promoter Score based on scores. It first counts how many times score is greater than
1938: This R script checks whether the input is of type 'vector', or, in case it's not an object but still
1939: This R script defines the `getQuotedText`函数. It takes as input one string and returns only those
1940: This R script defines the 'linear varioge model' which takes two arguments - mean and distance. The output is calculated
1941: This R script creates an anonymous or "one line" version of the given 'f' that takes two arguments and modifies
1942: This R script creates an output vector by combining every element from the first list with each of its elements form second. The result
1943: This R script checks whether the input string is similar in structure or content with SQL commands. It does so by checking firstly
1944: This R script translates the coordinates of an object by adding some amount to its x and/or ‘y’ coordinate
1945: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - prefix and tendeId which are then
1946: This R script generates report based on the bootstrap dataset provided by user and also handles various amenities related to properties like "Family
1947: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes an array as input and returns its elements
1948: This R script defines the 'parsePlayerName' as an anonymous, one line functional expression. It takes in data and returns
1949: This R script defines an 'extract\_column' that takes as input the first element of any list object and returns all
1950: This R script calculates the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to an input number. It uses bitwise
1951: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in the horizontal justification value and returns alignement type
1952: This R script defines the `getResultMes` message generator which takes as input an object of numeric or character values
1953: This R script checks if the input character offset falls within certain range.  The condition being that it should be between hexad
1954: This R script checks if the given string contains any numbers. It does so by using grepl() to check whether there are
1955: A simple R programming script that combines multiple expressions using the specified binary operation. The first argument is an arithmetic or logical operators
1956: This R script calculates the symmetric positive threshold value based on given negative thresholds in an array of values using formula "
1957: This R script checks whether one given subtring is contained within another. It does so by using the grepl() and substr
1958: This R script defines the 'quoteer' as an input parameter, which is expected to be between one and twelve. If
1959: These functions are used to calculate the parameters of an exponential family model. The first calculates Eta based on Gamma and
1960: A simple R script that counts the number of occurrences within an inputted list. The output is returned as resultant
1961: A simple R script that calculates the Area of rectangle.  Inputs are length and width which is then multiplied together
1962: This R script defines an anonymous or "mass" functional form that calculates the value of some variable 'x' based on
1963: This R script defines an object named "Segment Segement Intersect" which takes four parameters and returns the point where two segments
1964: A simple R script to generate response cards based on the input parameters provided by users using Amazon's AWS SDK and L
1965: This R script defines the 'first' dictionary. It takes as input an ordered list of results, and returns only one level
1966: This R script defines the 'runways' to CV2 format. It takes in three parameters; two of which are required
1967: A simple R script that rounds numbers to specified significant figures. It uses scientific notation when necessary and keeps the decimal point in place
1968: The functions 'access_allowed' and its inverse, "isDeniable" are defined. Then the results of these two
1969: This R script creates an anonymous or named functional component that takes two arguments - root name and index of the files. It returns
1970: This R script defines the 'get\_starting' and ‘return’ functions to extract number from string line of input
1971: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes one argument, date filter which can be either 'year
1972: This R script defines an anonymous ("sum of odds" -> "s.o.") vectorized operation that sums all odd
1973: This R script defines the 'sumDigit' or helper method that calculates and returns sums of digtis in an input
1974: This R script creates an object called "createIdea" that takes in one argument, the string of text to be
1975: This R script separates the input 'GenrEs' into separate lists based on their IDs and counts how many times
1976: This R script checks whether the current node and its corresponding target are equal. If they match then it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE indicating
1977: This R script defines the 'setSourceDisplay' functionality which is used to control and manipulate source display settings in an interactive
1978: This R script creates an anonymous or named "enforceKeyConsistency" that takes in one argument, 'KEY'.
1979: This R script checks whether the input CPE string starts from 'cp:' or not. If it doesn't then returns
1980: This R script defines an 'exctraect relevant' functions that takes as input the message object and returns only specific extracted
1981: This R script creates an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'difference' operation between two lists. It takes
1982: This R script converts an input string into uppercase and removes all spaces. It then extracts the prefix from before any
1983: This R script calculates the total of all digts in an inputted integer. It does so by repeatedly taking off its
1984: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in string as input and returns the value on right side of
1985: This R script checks if the input string matches any of “zero”, or one digit number. The numbers are represented
1986: This R script checks if the response object has valid, non disposables and roles addresses.  It returns TRUE only when all
1987: This R script is designed to clean and prepare data before sending it on an anonymous subscribed form. The input should be the
1988: This R script defines the 'getClassName' method which converts class names to Title Case. It uses underscores
1989: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional `stripVLExtension` that takes one argument - the name of file to
1990: These functions are used to extract specific pieces of information from an LDAP entry object in R, such as the user'
1991: This R script calculates the price after applying discounts and taxes.  The base cost is multiplied by one plus Tax rate
1992: This R script defines an inline or "built in" sqrt() calculation. It checks whether the input x value, which
1993: This R script trims the leading underscore from each element of an input list. The output is also returned as another character
1994: This R script defines an 'parse' or helper functions that takes in string input of the form “width×height”
1995: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial Learning Rate by half at epochs greater than or equal to ~64. This
1996: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the structure of 'Problem' object and
1997: This R script defines the 'build device request topic' as an oneliner. It takes in one argument - "Client
1998: This R script checks if the input value 'f' falls within range defined by two numbers in vector format ('vector').
1999: This R script copies the content of one text (.docx or .csv etc.) from an old location to another in specified
2000: This R script defines the 'scale' or scaling operation. It takes two arguments - an array of numbers and another number to
2001: This R script converts the first letter of each word to upper case and leaves all other letters in lower cases using 'title
2002: This R script initializes node states. It takes two arguments - the IDs of nodes and their corresponding templates to use as
2003: This R script defines an action called "actions" that takes in one argument - the id of some operation to be performed on
2004: This R script checks the first element of an object and tries to access its "_redi" attribute. If it's
2005: This R script checks if the input task record name is either 'Area Of Intensity' or '.GeoJson', and
2006: This R script formats the input list as command line arguments.  It uses 'paste' to combine all elements of an object
2007: A simple R script that translates English to Spanish using the provided dictionary. If an unknown or untranslated term is passed
2008: This R script defines an 'removeVirtualSlotsCmd' command that removes the specified number of slots from given logical parameter ID
2009: This R script calculates the inverse of percentage change. It takes two arguments - percent and initial value 'X'. The result
2010: This R script converts the target data into dictionary format. The input is an object of class "list" where each element
2011: This R script performs the task of normalizing numeric values in an array. It takes three arguments - 'mean' and
2012: A simple R script that takes two arguments - 'cut' and an argument to be removed from the input string in "g
2013: This R script defines the 'hard sig moidal' or "Hard Sigmoids" activation functions which are used in deep
2014: This is an implementation of learning rate schedule that decreases the initial Learning Rate by factor 'factor' as epochs increase until it
2015: This R script checks whether two numbers are approximately equal within an allowed error margin using the given 'epsilon' value or not based
2016: This R script checks if the input string matches exactly with provided character set. It also ensures that no characters are missing from users
2017: This R script defines the 'function' named ```sortedSRSList``` that takes in an input vector of spatial
2018: This R script checks whether the year increment of 'current' data is greater than or equal to that in previous step. If
2019: This R script converts degrees to decimal minutes and seconds. It takes as input the number of whole or partial days in degree
2020: This R script creates an object named 'getGreets' that takes in one argument and returns the greeting message.
2021: This R script defines an enumeration of the input text. It converts all characters to uppercase and adds "Nls
2022: This R script defines the 'styles()'. It takes an object and its associated dictionary of styles as input parameters to generate appropriate
2023: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the linear approximation of two points in 3D space
2024: This R script defines the 'getFieldType' Function. It takes in one argument - fieldName and returns its type as
2025: This R script converts the input dictionary into an ordered list of strings. The order is determined by keys in alphabetical
2026: This R script calculates the maximum draw down of an array/vector. It starts by initializing variables to zero and setting
2027: This R script creates an SQL query based on the inputted 'Category' parameter. The output is in string format and it
2028: This StatsBolts program creates an escape sequence to handle special characters in strings. It replaces tabs with spaces and
2029: This R script defines the 'vanish' line as an array of three elements. The first two are simply taken from input
2030: This R script calculates the upper or lower bound of an interval based on whether it's positive infinity (-Inf), negative
2031: A simple R script that finds the maximum value among an array of numeric values. The input is given as 'greater
2032: This R script converts special characters in the input string to their escaped versions. It uses regular expressions and backslashes (\
2033: This R script converts degrees to radiants. It takes an input in the form of degree and returns its equivalent value converted
2034: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the maximum distance between two points in three dimensions. The
2035: This R script defines the 'getLink' functions that checks whether there is an URL or architecture specific information available within JavaScript object
2036: This R script defines the 'scaled energy' as sum of cubes. The input is an array with three elements,
2037: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the names of features and returns those that are
2038: This R script contains two functions that perform modular arithmetic. The first one performs addition and subtraction operations on integers while taking
2039: This is an implementation of the "clamps" or limits functionality in R. It takes three arguments n , smalllest and
2040: This R script checks whether all inputs are NULL or not and returns TRUE only when they're ALL null, otherwise it will
2041: This R script checks if the given numbers are valid within an arbitrary base. It does so by checking whether each character is either
2042: This R script defines an encoding attribute system. The input attributes are checked against the description and target lists to generate codes that can
2043: This R script checks if the version of an application is greater than another one by comparing their numerically formatted versions without any separ
2044: This R script defines an anonymous or named "round half" that rounds the input number to its nearest integer, but adds and
2045: This R script defines an abbrevation of the "makeABBA()" built in r language. It takes two arguments
2046: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that determines the label to be used in plotting based on whether
2047: This R script defines the 'document similarity' between two documents. It calculates and returns an integer value representing how similar these
2048: This R script checks whether the input number is square or not by checking its value and type, then it verifies that n
2049: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'validate' snap channels validation logic in Python style using regular expressions
2050: This R script defines an 'generateResponse' that checks the validity and cleans up responses from servers by removing carriage returns (\"
2051: This R script converts the input number to its equivalent in thousand units using an anonymous user defined functions and returns it as integer
2052: This R script defines the 'Percent of' operation that takes two arguments - percentage and number to be calculated with it in
2053: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes as input an argument, list of lists
2054: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that takes one argument 'n' and returns the string "S
2055: This R script checks if the input string contains any slash character. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is
2056: A simple R script that converts an integer into its equivalent 16 bit binary representation using the sprinf() and format
2057: This is the definition of Joseph's algorithm. It calculates survivors in an arbitrary number sequence based on 'k'.
2058: A simple R script that creates and returns an object with two attributes.  The first attribute is the 'Status' which can
2059: This R script defines the 'load\_path's\_\-\_(function\) that takes in an object of class \
2060: This R script defines an 'getMonth' that takes in one argument, n. It then returns the month at position ((
2061: A R script that generates the URL to filter cars based on location and radius of searched area from TrueCar website using given parameters
2062: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes three arguments - langauge language codes and types of resources. It
2063: This R script defines the `getAmplitudeCookIENames` which retrieves specific keys from AWS Amplitdue'
2064: This R script defines the 'getFullVersion' Function that takes as input an object of class data frame containing information about packages
2065: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument - the HTTP request's verb/request type
2066: This R script calculates the probability of winning in poker. It takes two inputs 'p' and "e", where p
2067: This R script generates an initial random number generator based on the parameters provided. The default values of each parameter are used to initialize
2068: This R script defines the 'triangle area' as an anonymous or inline user defined functions in one line using conditional statements to validate
2069: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. The `endswith` and 'substr' functions are
2070: This R script splits the input sentence into individual elements. The output is an unordered list of these separate strings from within
2071: This R script cleans the input by converting it into lowercase, removing underscores and hyphens. It also removes all
2072: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the "substitute" operation. It replacements all occurre
2073: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the height from width and aspect ratios. The formula used
2074: This R script defines an anonymous or "letter grades" calculation. It takes the highest possible score as input and calculates how
2075: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. It calculates and returns nth number in series based
2076: This R script defines the `betabeta` parameter estimation method to be used. It uses an if/else statement within
2077: This R script creates an output line based on the input parameters. The first five cards are added to 'hand', and then
2078: This script converts the input 'Polygons' object into dictionary format. The Poligon is represented as an array
2079: This R script defines the 'kilobytes' conversion as an anonymous S4 class in one line using base and
2080: This R script converts all non alphabetic and numeric characters in the input string into underscores.
2081: This R script creates an anonymous inline JavaScript/R functions that replaces HTML entities like & and "" with their corresponding characters.
2082: This R script defines the connection information to Kafka using environment variables set by user or default values provided in configuration section of
2083: This R script defines the 'getGPUShareCfg' funtion, which checks whether GPU sharing is enabled in K
2084: This R script defines the 'getMaxJobs' functions that takes as input an object of type dictionary where each key is
2085: A simple R script that converts fractions to strings. It takes two arguments - the number and its denomination respectively
2086: This R script defines an 'unormalization' or normalization of image data between ‘[a normalised]’ range
2087: This R script defines an 'to_cr' object that takes in one argument, the EPSG number. It returns it
2088: This R script creates an object named 'M' that takes in the name of any given model and returns it as "D
2089: This Ramp Function is used to calculate the rate of change in time t with respect ot an initial value 'init' and
2090: This R script defines an inverse correlation coefficient calculation. The input parameters are three numbers - two of which must be positive and one
2091: This R script creates an object that contains the long format of dates.  The output is in 'date' and it has
2092: This R script defines an 'extractMolId' that takes as input the string of molecular identifiers separated by sem
2093: This R script converts the input list of tokenized text into an equivalent SOVatom object. The conversion is done by
2094: This is an R script that converts the input value to integer format using base 10 system, ie., it
2095: This R script calculates the semitones down by dividing frequency with two raised to power of 'Amount' divided By
2096: This R script calculates the derivative of an input vector with respect to its first element. The output is twice that value from
2097: This R script checks whether the input number 'x' can be expressed as triagonal numbers. A triangle of nonzero entries
2098: This R script calculates the square segment distance between two points. It uses vectorized operations to perform calculations in one line instead
2099: A simple R script that takes five numbers as input and returns them in the same order.  It's named "pack
2100: This R script calculates the square of an inputted length.  Input is expected to be in cm or m, and
2101: This R script checks whether the input document has an XML namespace declaration with specific value or not, returning TRUE when it does and
2102: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that retrieves the dataframe 'getDataFrame' based on its input
2103: This R script checks if the input heat type is equal to 'hot water' or not. If it matches, then returns
2104: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the absolute difference between two years. The result is returned
2105: This R script calculates the maximum power consumption of an electronic device with given parameters such as VCC MAXIMUM voltage level
2106: This R script defines the 'make_hpf' and its usage in creating Human Resources Funding Rate adjustments based on
2107: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the product of two lists. If both input vectors have
2108: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isEven" that checks whether the input number 'Num' divided by two has
2109: This R script generates an empty logical array of the given size, with all elements set to false indicating that no numbers have been
2110: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities. It uses the 'grep' and sub functions in combination
2111: This R script defines the 'mimick next' rate of deletion based on current and specified parameters. The new delete
2112: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'disease related' functionality. It checks whether there
2113: This R script defines an overflo formatting method that takes two arguments - num and overflow; it checks whether the inputs are
2114: This R script checks if the first NER tag in vector 'ners' starts with letter B. If it does then returns
2115: This R script defines the 'getDimension' functions that takes in one line of text and splits it into three dimensions
2116: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the linear transformation. The input variable is raised to power one minus
2117: This R script checks if the file name in 'lfn' parameter matches with '.*/.*/*./*./***//
2118: This R script defines the vector 'getVector' with three elements which are all set to zero except one element is equal and
2119: A simple R script that sums up two numbers. If the inputs are equal it returns three times their average else just adds them
2120: This R script defines an anonymous or "c" all() functions that checks whether every element of the input is TRUE. If
2121: This R script defines the 'getTriang' orchestrator that takes in one argument and returns its triagonal value
2122: This R script creates an object that checks whether the input prefix is locked or not. If it's true, then returns
2123: This R script checks if the input character offset falls within certain range. The condition being that it should be between 8 and
2124: This R script is used to remove HTML tags from an IP address string inputted into the 'shortend' parameter of its
2125: A simple R script that takes two inputs and returns their sums.  This is useful in many applications where you need to perform
2126: This R script cleans the string by removing all non alphanumeric characters.  It uses regular expressions to achieve that goal
2127: This R script checks whether two numbers are divisible by each other. If they're not and the second number is zero
2128: This R script converts all numerics and nested lists/frames to character strings within the input data frame 'df'. The
2129: This R script converts string to array of integers using the split() and as().integer functions in one line  Code is
2130: This R script parses the version of cURL installed on your system by splitting string and returning second element from split vector which
2131: This R script converts an input vector into comma separated strings using the 'paste' and ‘collapse’ functions in combination
2132: This R script creates an anonymous or 'to private' version of the given string. It adds double underscores around your
2133: This R script defines an 'if' statement that checks whether the input value passed to it by reference, and returns TRUE or
2134: This R script contains three functions. The first one matches an entry in the dataframe ' df ', with string pattern matching and
2135: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes three arguments - 'get' and two strings which are
2136: This R script defines an 'overlap'-based calculation of distances between two time intervals. It takes as input pairs or subsets
2137: This R script generates an empty vector and then fills it with lists of three elements. The first element is the summation result
2138: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous" in the context of functions here - it's not defined within any named
2139: This R script defines the 'device' object that takes an input of integer and returns either COMx or \\.\comxy
2140: This R script defines the 'birchard' model of biomass dynamics with parameters as input variables and returns an estimate
2141: This R script defines the 'function' named "maxSubArraySum" that calculates maximum sum of subarrays.
2142: This R script converts an input vector into string. It uses the 'paste' and loop to concatenates all elements of
2143: This R script defines the 'getRobotSpeeeds' functions that calculate speeds of two robots based on given wheel
2144: A simple R script to calculate the squred distance between two colours. It takes in as input both RGB values of one color
2145: A simple R script that generates the required number of space characters. If no argument is provided it will return an empty string otherwise
2146: This R script defines an anonymous or named "removeSpecialCharactes()" that takes in one argument - 'inputString'.
2147: This R script defines the 'fis_zone' or FIS zone measure as per its definition in literature and returns it
2148: This R script converts the input value to an integer or float if possible, otherwise it returns NA  Code snippet
2149: A simple R script that adds two numbers.  It takes in the parameters 'x' and y', then returns their sum
2150: This R script defines the 'weighted sum' of prediction values. The weights are multiplied with each value in order to
2151: This R script defines the 'function' named "UserChoice" that takes five arguments and returns their product. The last
2152: This R script defines an anonymous or default argument in the form of 'defined\_OR\_\'function'. It checks whether
2153: This R script defines the 'getTrueUrl' Function. It takes an input URL and splits it into its components using
2154: This R script defines three functions to manipulate HTML fields. The first removes the root node "media" from an input string
2155: This R script defines the 'getLanguageFilePath' Function. It takes an input parameter "langauge" and returns its
2156: A simple linear regression model is created using R programming language with coefficients and constants as input parameters to calculate predicted values based on given
2157: This R script checks whether the given 'two' string can be formed by using five letter English dictionary. It does so through
2158: This R script defines the "beautfy_name" functions that takes in an input string and returns it after some basic
2159: This R script checks whether the given expression is valid as per PostFix notation. It counts number of operand tokens and returns
2160: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that formats the input list into string representation with each element separated by comma
2161: This R script calculates the fractional change in an initial yearly rate based on current and target years of interest rates using
2162: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the censoring non alphabetic characters in string "input"
2163: This R script defines the 'getJ187' and returns J.I.'s specific bit limits based on input
2164: This R script defines an odd's ratio calculation that takes two percentages as input and returns the calculated value or NULL in
2165: This is the definition of an AWS Lambda Function that handles delegation in Amazon Lex. It takes two parameters - 'Session
2166: This R script converts DNA bases to integers. It checks the input string and returns an integer correspondingly based on its value
2167: This R script defines the 'function' named `status_messages` that takes two arguments - an integer and string. If
2168: This R script fails to execute due an error.  The issue is with the 'failure()'. It returns incorrect results
2169: This R script converts an input vector into string format. If the length of inpuyt is more than 0
2170: This R script calculates the difference between two bearings in degrees. It takes as input both bearing values and returns their absolute
2171: This R script changes the HEAD SHA of VCs in metadata to new test.  It is used by other
2172: This R script defines the 'maybe' job id checker which checks if input value starts with word"Job-" and returns
2173: This R script defines the 'mystery' three argument binary operation. The first two arguments are compared to determine which of
2174: This is an email generator in the form of one line text that takes three arguments - 'SENDER', ‘RE
2175: This R script defines an 'isRhymy' Function that checks whether two given strings are rhymerized with the
2176: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that parses the "InterPro" field from input data frame rows and
2177: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the spambase dataset prediction model. The input is two probabilities
2178: This R script defines the "step" object which takes in four arguments - an input value ('x'), and two thre
2179: This R script calculates the energy of two particles in an elastic collision scenario using their initial and final positions along with some additional
2180: This R script defines an 'payment' or "function" that calculates the amount of payment and remaining balance after paying
2181: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence.  It takes an integer n as input and returns its
2182: This R script defines the 'is_wordguess' orchestrator that checks whether all characters of secret word are
2183: This is an implementation of the Sign Function in R. It takes one argument, number and returns its numerical "sign" as
2184: This R script calculates the sum of an array elements at each level from its base value. The calculation is done by adding
2185: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isPalinDrom" that checks whether the input number/string forms pal
2186: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes two arguments - serial number and the unique identifier. It returns concaten
2187: This R script parses the image URL from an HTML document. It takes as input one row of 'page' object in
2188: This R script checks whether the input string starts or ends with double underscores. If it does, then returns true;
2189: This R script creates an entry in the Common Platform Enumeration standard. The input parameters are 'Vendor' and Product
2190: This R script defines an anonymous or named "nameFromSThreeKey" that takes in one argument - key. It spl
2191: This R script counts how many times each element from one list appears as an identical or equal to another. The output is returned
2192: This R script defines an 'optional' or conditional statement that checks whether the input is not null and of type character before proceeding
2193: This R script checks whether three points are colinear. It does so using the formula of areas under 3D vectors
2194: This R script defines an accelerometer within limits. It takes three arguments - the initial velocity 'a', and two vectors of
2195: This R script defines an "unflatten" or 'unlists' operation. It takes as input one object that is
2196: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'containsPUA' method. It checks each character string passed
2197: This R script defines the 'sameOrigin' logical condition that checks whether two origins are identical or not by comparing them with
2198: This R script calculates the average of numbers from 3 to N using an arithmetic series formula, where each term is
2199: This R script defines the 'chunk' operation. It takes in two arguments - an input list and number to divide it
2200: This R script defines an 'sort' orchestrator that sorts the input vector of strings into two categories - those beginning
2201: This R script calculates the average of an input vector and subtracts it from each element within that same lengthy array
2202: This R script defines an 'ordinal' priority system. It assigns numerical values to urgency levels and returns the assigned
2203: This R script defines the 'oneRibbon' object that calculates and returns an estimate of how many ribbon segments are
2204: This R script defines an Elasticsearch Index Function. The name of the new ES indices is passed as input to create and
2205: This R script defines the 'getRotationOrder' Function. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an
2206: This R script defines the 'getSymbolSize' that takes in an object of class symbol and returns its size. It is
2207: This R script defines the 'formatNumber' that takes in an input of type numeric and returns it formatted as per specified
2208: This R script defines an object that retrieves elements from nested objects using the provided key sequence. The first element in 'key
2209: A simple R script to add the calculated taxes on an item's original cost.  Input is Price and Tax rate as
2210: This R script creates an italics version of the input string. It uses 'paste' to combine two strings together with some
2211: This R script converts an input number into its signed equivalent using bitwise operations in the form of binary numbers and returns it
2212: This R script checks whether the parentheses in an expression are balanced or not. It does so by checking that there'
2213: This R script converts an integer to Roman numerals. It uses predefined values and symbols instead of hardcoding
2214: This R script creates an object named "hexagonal" that takes in one argument, 'num', and returns the result of
2215: This R script defines an equivalent of the 'eq' operator in Python. It takes two arguments and returns their concatenation as
2216: This R script defines the 'multi match aware interval' which takes 6 arguments and returns an integer. The first two are
2217: This R script defines the 'tidy' or prettified version of paths. It takes an input string and checks whether
2218: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers found within each line from an input vector 'Lines'. The first number
2219: This R script maps the input value 'val' from range [0;1] to output values within specified ranges. The
2220: This R script creates an anonymous or "inline" version of the gSub() command. It takes in URI as input and
2221: This R script defines the 'crit' or critical functions. The test statisitc is used to determine whether an observation falls
2222: This R script removes comments from the input string. It uses regular expressions to find and replace lines of text that start with "#
2223: This R script checks if the input data "Dew Point" from an external dataset (-> dewf variable in your
2224: This R script checks whether the input title exists in movie titles. If it does exist then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE  Code sn
2225: This R script converts decimal degrees to degree format using the formula deg+min/(1*Minute). The result is
2226: A simple recursive object look up with optional 'Default' parameter that splits the string by dot to create nested objects and
2227: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes two arguments - URL and Title. It returns the formatted HTML string
2228: This R script defines an anonymous or named "signed" that takes one argument num and returns the string representation of its absolute
2229: This R script defines an 'nbr' or normalize_blankspace() that takes in one argument - the input string
2230: This R script checks if the difference between two numbers is less than or equal to some specified 'margin of error' in relation
2231: This R script adds zeros to the left of numbers less than 9 in order. For example it converts '3
2232: This R script defines the 'best_times' functions that takes two arguments and returns minimum of them. If both times are
2233: This R script defines an 'is image' checker. It takes as input the path of any given .PNG/.
2234: This R script defines the 'rotation' or circular shift of characters in an input string. The number to be shifted is
2235: This R script compares two extensions of files and returns “zero” when the source file extension is equal to destination one
2236: This R script defines the 'Rectangle Center' Function. The rectangle center is calculated by finding minimum of x and y coordinates
2237: This R script defines the 'projectPartner' as an anonymous, one line functional expression that calculates and returns half of
2238: A simple R script that defines an 'clamp' or bounding box. It takes three arguments - the minimum and maximum
2239: This R script replaces all occurances of the keys from 'parameters' with their corresponding values.  The replacement is case
2240: This R script defines an extraction of the URL from "Media" object. The input is assumed to be in JSON format and
2241: This R script calculates the sum of 'y' and half its value plus one. It takes in input parameters as "
2242: This R script creates an inverted reverse complement of DNA sequence. It takes as input the original string and returns its reversed
2243: This R script defines an anonymous or named "formatCmdName" that takes in one argument, 'Python Name', and repl
2244: This R script creates an object named 'results' with the properties of one single element. The property is called state which holds
2245: This R script calculates the longest sequence of negative numbers found within an input vector. The result is returned as one number,
2246: This R script defines the 'strHyperIndex' or hypothetical indexing. It takes two arguments i and j
2247: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes three arguments - "values", which is the number to
2248: This R script defines an 'add color to the theme' functionality that allows you specify different colors when adding elements into your custom
2249: This R script checks whether each element in vector 'A' is less than or equal tolerance of corresponding elements from vectors "B
2250: This R script defines an inline cache option setting in the CMakelists.txt file using conditional statements to set whether or
2251: This R script processes the input 'Result' and returns it in scientific notation format with 3 decimal places, or "none
2252: A simple R script that creates an 'Event Message' object. This is used to create and store events in the system as
2253: This R script defines the 'max' and minimum functions to find maximum or mimimum values in an input data set. It
2254: This R script multiplies each element of the input vectors by an integer. The output is another two elements long sequence that represents
2255: This R script converts the input string into an integer or id based on its value, with specific rules defined in it using
2256: This R script filters out the endings of all registered numbers in an item list. It takes as input two parameters - '
2257: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") or inline version of the 'join' operation. It takes as input one
2258: This R script creates an object that contains the header information. The content type is set to application json and optionally, it
2259: A recursive algorithm to find the cube root of an inputted integer. The loop continues until it finds or exceeds that
2260: This R script defines the 'deQuote' functions that remove quotes from strings. It checks whether string starts and ends with
2261: This R script defines the Lorentzenian Function which is used to model Gaussian distributions in astronomical data analysis and
2262: This R script defines the 'function' named "longuest word" that takes as input an array of strings. It then
2263: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the size of convolutional kernels based on their sizes and
2264: This R script defines the 'clean' URL cleaning functionality. It takes an input string and checks whether it ends with '/'.
2265: This R script defines the 'mergeDictionary' or named as "Merge Dictionaries" which takes two dictionnaries
2266: This R script defines the 'canonicalizeGPUIndice()'. It takes an argument of either NULL or numerics
2267: This R script cleans the input string by removing special characters, replacing multiple spaces with single space and converting all letters into lowercase
2268: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that squares each number within the input list. The output is another
2269: This R script converts the input string into underscored style. It takes care of converting all characters in lowercase,
2270: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in two arguments - 'n' and the dictionary object to
2271: This R script creates an anonymous or inline version of the 'cross' operation. The input parameters are two vectors and it returns
2272: This R script creates an object named 'goupList' that returns the host group of each element in its input.
2273: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that retrieves the current CPU frequency of specified processor. The output is in
2274: This script defines the 'cut text' functionality. It takes in one argument, checks its length and returns it as output or
2275: This R script calculates the Chi Square statistic between two vectors of numbers using an online approach to calculate it directly without needing
2276: A R script that calculates the Area of Trapezoids using Base Minors and Major Bases as inputs along with
2277: This R script defines the 'distance' as an anonymous or one line functions that calculates and returns Euclidean Distance between
2278: This R script calculates the center of an inputted bounding box. The inputs are in format [xmin ymin
2279: This R script calculates the position of an object in relation to another. The initial value is set as '0' and
2280: This R script defines the 'factorial' as an anonymous or inline user defined functions. The input to these scripts should be
2281: This is the implementation of Euclid's algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It takes two numbers as input and
2282: This R script defines the 'function' named "move player forward" which takes two arguments - Player position and Current Move.
2283: This R script rotates the elements of each sublists in two dimensional vector. The result is an unnested version where
2284: This R script parses the DHM request message and returns only numerics from it using strSplit() with ':' as
2285: This R script converts MAC addresses into standard format by removing colons and converting to lowercase letters in the process of splitting
2286: This R script defines an 'Interpolation' or interpolating functions that takes two vectors as input. The first one is
2287: This R script implements the multiline replace functionality. It takes two arguments - 'str' and an associative array of
2288: This R script defines an anonymous or named "parseSlide" that takes in one argument, 'slide', and returns the
2289: This R script defines the `get_safe` method which retrieves an attribute from its parent object using safe methods to prevent
2290: This R script calculates the number of conditions based on given parameters. It takes two arguments; 'conditions' length and maximum
2291: This R script defines the 'renormalize' or "normalization" of an inputted data set. The output is
2292: This R script takes an input URL and removes the "<>" characters from it using regular expressions or string manipulation techniques in
2293: This R script defines the 'searchForPodInfo' which searches through pods information based on an inputted detail and returns
2294: This R script converts information from an input vector into dictionary format. The keys and values are extracted by splitting the lines of
2295: This R script converts ISO 8601 strings to SQL Server UTC datetime format using the STRFTIMEs()
2296: This R script defines an approach to calculate the best strategy based on power and interests. It uses simple conditions in order of priority
2297: This is an example of simple R script that returns FALSE. It's not doing anything useful and serves only to demonstrate the
2298: This R script defines an OTP extraction utility that can be used to fetch one time passwords from the given input dataset or
2299: This is the definition of an autocorrelation length estimator using Poisson regression with gamma prior distribution in R language and its application
2300: This R script computes the amount of fuel required to launch an object with given mass, using its weight divided by three and
2301: This R script calculates the product of two numbers using power stack method in case an exception occurs during calculation it handles that by
2302: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getAlpha" that takes in one argument and returns the input if it is
2303: This R script defines the 'stripYAMLExtension()'. It takes as input one argument - file name and returns
2304: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized by value operation that rounds the input values to two decimal places and returns "
2305: This R script defines the 'getRoles' functions that takes in an object of class data frame and returns all role titles
2306: Function 'axes converter' takes two arguments total and ax. If the second argument is less than zero it adds to first
2307: This R script defines an object named 'KVEC' that takes three arguments and returns the sum of their squares.
2308: This R script calculates the maximum size of any vector within an input data frame. The vectors are compared and their lengths returned
2309: This R script defines two functions, one to multiply by three and add one. The other simply divides the number
2310: This R script compares the locations of BigQuery dataset and Google Cloud Storage bucket. If they are same it returns TRUE otherwise
2311: "A simple R script that converts numbers into strings with leading zeros" ... continues in the next line.
2312: This R script builds and returns the nodelists as comma separated strings.  It takes in an input of node list which
2313: This R script calculates the DOPPLER effect using observed frequency and velocity over sound speed in one line of execution with
2314: A simple implementation of the Collatz conjecture in R. The input is an integer, and it returns how many steps are
2315: This R script defines the 'shift' operation on points in 3D space. The input is two vectors representing coordinates of
2316: This R script defines the 'code' to convert an object of class `SubCloudStatus` into its dictionary representation using d
2317: This R script defines an 'is_within' orchestrator that checks if one rectangle overlaps with another. It
2318: This R script calculates the product of two lists. It first sums up all elements from each input vector and then multiplies
2319: Function 'assert_ti...' checks whether the input time is greater than zero, else it stops with an error message "
2320: This R script calculates the length of each sub graph by dividing all scores with respect to total no. Of Sub Graph
2321: This R script defines the 'findReationId' that takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an object of
2322: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional piece of the game Chess. The purpose here was simply checking if any given
2323: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes two arguments - 'K' and the configuration object. It checks
2324: This R script defines an XML construction helper. It takes three arguments - the string representation of your original XLM document and two
2325: This R script converts decimal numbers to string representation based on their value and the number of whole units they represent in terms that
2326: A simple R script that calculates the sum of elements in two vectors u and v.  The result is returned as an
2327: This R script reformats HTML tags in raw texts. It replaces "<>", which are used to denote the beginning and
2328: This R script calculates the square of Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The input is expected
2329: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the `uriFromClique` dictionary. It takes as
2330: This R script calculates the value of Y based on X and three other variables using linear interpolation method in one line as
2331: This R script calculates the ratio of an input variable to its average. The output is returned as 'l' in case
2332: This R script defines the 'getHumanName' functions that takes in an input string and returns it with spaces replaced by
2333: These functions are used to extract configuration details from YAML object in R programming language using the 'dplyr' package
2334: A simple R script that takes an input of the user's preferred pet and returns it as their 'favorite动物
2335: This R script checks if two coordinates form overlapping boxes. The box is defined by the four corners of each coordinate pair and
2336: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda" or inline functions in other languages like Python/JavaScript )function that takes one
2337: This R script defines the 'getReleasess' functions that checks whether data has releases or entries. If it does
2338: This R script defines an anonymous ("inline" or one line functions in the language itself called 'functions') that checks whether its
2339: This R script defines the 'speedy' or rounded calculation of velocity based on given parameters km/hr and time in seconds
2340: This R script counts the number of periods between two dates given their respective timestamps and an interval length in seconds to consider
2341: This R script sorts the 'VADER' sentiment analysis scores in descending order.  The input is an object of
2342: This R script defines the 'horsepower' as an anonymous or inline one line mathematical expression that conversts input in Wat
2343: This R script splits the input phrase into separate phrases using comma separator. Then it uses "and" as an additional
2344: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form of the 'formatField' that takes two arguments - relationName and Field
2345: This R script calculates the value of 'km' using linear model and data point. The values are multiplied by
2346: This R script defines the 'stripDomainAddress' that takes an IP address as input and returns it without its domain part.
2347: This R script checks whether the input dictionary object, passed as an argument to it by reference or not empty and returns TRUE in
2348: This R script defines an anonymous or "function" named 'f' that takes two arguments and returns their sum.  The
2349: This R script parses the local component' sates and returns its corresponding values. If it cannot locate any of these keys
2350: This R script checks whether two arrays have the same contents. If they do not it returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE is returned after
2351: This R script defines an 'append' or operation that checks and avoids duplicate entries. It takes three arguments - config which
2352: This R script checks if the input 'object' y contains at least one list within it using sfry() and returns
2353: This R script defines an accumulating health care cost model. The input parameters are the current period's healthcare costs and effort
2354: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes as input an argument list of lists and
2355: This R script defines an anonymous or named "limitSpeed" that takes one argument, 'n', and returns the input value
2356: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that calculates the ratio of value to maximum possible. The result is
2357: This R script defines an anonymous ("skipnonsetting") functions that takes in instances and returns the instance with non-"setting
2358: This R script defines the 'get_flags' status. It takes two arguments - val and chioce; it checks
2359: This R script reads an input string and converts it into invisible characters. The first character of the output is "\uXXXX
2360: This R script removes the parentheses and exclamation marks from input string. If it is two characters long with only
2361: A simple R script to convert WPMs into CPS or Character Per Second based on the formula provided in an example of
2362: This R script defines an 'preferEndOfSoredList' that takes in one argument, which is supposed to be
2363: This R script defines the 'getSeaTId' orchestrator that takes in two parameters - row and col
2364: This R script defines the 'deep dSS' package, which contains functions to calculate various parameters related with lenses and their
2365: This R script calculates the number of false positives in an array. The input is two parameters; one being true positive
2366: A simple R script that multiplies two numbers.  It takes in an input vector of length one and returns the product as
2367: This R script merges two dictionaries by recursively checking the keys of both and performing appropriate operations based on whether they are
2368: This R script converts Farenheight to Cells. It takes an input parameter degrees in degrees of free unit,
2369: This R script fixes the value of ‘Val’ to be either 'One' or its original numeric representation, depending
2370: This R script defines the 'function' named "Find Neste dd" which takes two arguments - JSON object and
2371: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that calculates the n's first element of some arithmetic
2372: This R script checks whether two arrays are identical or not by comparing their squares and returns TRUE/False accordingly based on the comparison
2373: This R script checks the presence of an "error"-named variable in input 'results'. If such exists, it returns TRUE
2374: This R script checks if the input string s has at least one digit.  It does so by checking whether all characters in
2375: This R script checks if the last character of each line in an input vector contains '\'. If so it returns TRUE; otherwise
2376: This R script defines the 'find dependency' functionality. It takes two arguments - an object of specifications and reference string to search
2377: A simple R script that converts input text into lowercase and removes punctuation at the end of sentences or beginning/end
2378: This R script converts the time in DDMMSS format to float value using simple arithmetic operations and string splitting functions
2379: This R script checks if the input string starts with "UK" followed by an establishment number prefix of two characters and is not
2380: This R script calculates the difference between two arrays' sums. It takes in 3 arguments; an array and another one
2381: This R script defines the 'get\_default\_\'function that determines and returns default dispersion distance based on interface mode input
2382: This R script calculates the number of iterations required to find GCD using Euclid's algorithm. The input parameters
2383: A simple R script to calculate the Square Loss.  The loss is calculated as sum of squared differences between actual and
2384: This R script checks if the input string 'br' matches with "master" or any local branch name in git repository using
2385: This R script defines the 'power level' of an object based on its position in space. The input parameters are "x
2386: This R script defines the 'force' factor as an input parameter, which is calculated based on rijk^3/6
2387: This R script defines an object named "sccp" that calculates the sum of charge correlation functions per minute. The
2388: This R script defines the 'preprocessing' or `proxies` functions that takes in an object of class Proxy
2389: A simple R script that takes two lists and returns the first list divided by corresponding elements of second.  It uses sApply
2390: This R script calculates the n's place in Euclid’ s twelve fractions. The first line of each
2391: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the distance score between two points and returns it as per
2392: This R script calculates the power of 1/value. It takes four parameters and uses them to calculate an exponential decay
2393: This R script calculates the Standard Devation of values. It takes as input an array/vector and returns its calculated stand
2394: This R script creates an anonymous or "uniquified" version of the input vector 'words'. It removes duplicates from
2395: A simple R script that calculates the total of an inputted vector. It uses looping to iteratively add each value
2396: This R script is designed to remove the 'PARENT' prefix from an input string.  It uses regular expressions in combination
2397: This R script defines an object named 'Paet'h predictors that takes three arguments and returns the most similar value among
2398: This R script defines an 'has\_activity' functio that checks whether the given `actvity` is present
2399: A simple R script that creates an object with three attributes - name of the country/city and number or confirmed case count.
2400: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the input value, converted into uppercase letters only contains alph
2401: This R script calculates the fraction of two numbers. If both are zero then it returns '0'. Otherwise computes and
2402: This R script converts RGB color to grayscale using the formula G = ±R °F - Y where
2403: This R script defines an 'find' or search functionality similar to that of SQL databases. It takes as input the list/
2404: A simple R script that defines the 'clamp' or "bounding" functions. This is used to limit values within
2405: This R script defines an 'update' or operation that updates the position of objects in 3D space. The new positions
2406: This R script converts the given wave number to wavelength.  The conversion factor is based on empirical observation of light speed and
2407: This R script checks whether there is any winning combination on the given tic Tac Toe game. It does so by
2408: This R script defines the 'triangle area' as half of cross product between two vectors. The input parameters are three points in
2409: This R script defines an overlapping check between two intervals. It takes four arguments - the starting and ending points of each interval
2410: This R script defines the 'get_aqi' level based on AQUIFERENTIAL INDEX. The levels
2411: This R script defines the 'getGridPointFromAddress' Python equivalent. It takes an input of type "mesh"
2412: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 object called "validateCommasSeparator" that takes three arguments - context
2413: This R script defines the `get_lan`g() to extract language from file names. It replaces certain common suffix
2414: This R script creates an empty list and takes over the items from one existing vector to another. It then returns that newly created
2415: This R script defines the 'setDefault' Function. It checks whether input string is empty or null and returns provided Default value
2416: This R script calculates the number of characters that need to be edited between two strings. It does so by comparing each character
2417: This R script creates an emoji filter that removes HTML tags from the input string. It uses regular expressions to identify and
2418: This R script checks whether any license texts or notice are present within the input list of licences. If so, it returns
2419: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line comparison between two variables. It returns -1 when the first variable is less
2420: This R script creates an object that represents the filter to be used in conjunction with Elasticsearch's query DSL.
2421: Functions to convert between ROI and Average Annual Percentage Yields in the form of rewards per day or
2422: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called 'capitialize' that takes in one argument - the input
2423: This R script defines an 'sizegb' functio that takes in the input of bytes and converts it
2424: This R script calculates the duration of an array or vector. It subtracts minimum time from maximum to find out how
2425: This R script finds the first occurrence of string starting with 'command' in an input vector. If no such strings are found
2426: A simple R script that converts Farenheight to Celisus using the formula of conversion from one unit type,
2427: This R script defines an equivalent of the Python's "equal probabilities" functionality in one line using vectorized operations and repet
2428: This R script calculates the F score based on given parameters of 'Recall' and ‘Precison’ using formula provided
2429: This R script defines an intersection check between two boxes. The input is the coordinates of each rectangle and returns TRUE if they overlap
2430: A simple R script that converts an integer to its corresponding hexadecimal digit.  It uses the built in character
2431: This R script defines two functions that calculate the inner product and distance between four elements of complex numbers using Euclidean norms in
2432: This R script checks whether the input card number is valid according to Luhn's algorithm or not by checking each second character
2433: This R script defines an 'orientation' variable that takes in two arguments and returns either "horizonal" or vertical
2434: This R script creates Graqhl's insert query based on the relationship name and entity map. It generates an INSERT statement
2435: This R script defines the 'bound check' as an anonymous user defined functions that checks whether or not coordinates are within bounds.
2436: This R script defines the 'getReviewrType' as an anonymous or inline JavaScript/R functions. It checks whether input
2437: This R script calculates the rate of incorrect classifications. It takes two vectors as input - one with actual classes and another
2438: A simple R script that converts an amount from inches into pounds by multiplying it with the conversion factor of .46
2439: This R script defines the 'getRounds' functio that takes an integer input and returns three values which are two
2440: A simple R script that converts numeric input to integer using the round() and then convert it back into an Integer format
2441: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") or "join" list of lists. It takes as input the names and
2442: A simple R script that returns an error list.  It takes two arguments - 'res' and the customised errorm
2443: This R script checks whether the file extension of an input URL corresponds to any known binaries. It does so by checking against
2444: A simple R script that takes an integer as input and returns the number rounded to two decimal places. The output is in comma
2445: This R script defines an approximate() Function that checks if two points are within the given maximum deviation from each other. It takes
2446: This R script calculates the total size of responses in an HTTP Archive log file. It uses lappy() to iter
2447: This Python script defines an R/Python hybrid. It takes two parameters - `myPyCommand` and the parameter set which
2448: This R script converts the Chip IDs to their corresponding abbreviations. It checks each input and assign it an appropriate output
2449: This R script reads the content of an input text filename and returns it as one string without any whitespace or special characters in
2450: A simple R script that rounds down the number to its nearest multiple of 'divider'.  It uses if else statement in
2451: This Python script converts boolean values from strings. It removes spaces, changes all characters into lowercase and checks whether the input
2452: This R script defines the 'hyphenizefunction' that takes in one argument, service id. It replaces all
2453: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes as input an arbitrary list of lists and
2454: Function 'UNKNOwEN FILE()', takes two arguments - Project ID and FileID. Returns the message string with
2455: This R script checks if the word "Gold" is in any of our buckets. If it finds, then returns TRUE
2456: A simple R script to calculate the color percent based on temperature. The input is minimum and maximum temperatures of an RGB value range
2457: This R script takes an input string and splits it into individual elements using the comma as separator. The resulting list is
2458: This R script defines the 'rev' vectorized operation that reverses an input string. It uses nested loops to iteratively
2459: This R script checks if the first line of an input string is one among several predefined keywords, and returns TRUE or
2460: This R script defines an expected result metadata checker that checks whether the input string is likely to be part of SQL commands or
2461: This R script converts the string "\t" to its equivalent in character form. If input is not equal with '\t
2462: This R script calculates the total number of elements in each dictionary within an inputted list.  It uses lappy()
2463: This is an implementation of the "piece not" logic in R. It takes as input one character and returns its opposite ('
2464: This R script defines the recursive fibonacci sequence using two functions. The first one calculates nth number in
2465: This R script defines an anonymous or "helper" integer conversion routine that checks whether the input value is null, empty string ("
2466: This R script checks whether the input content contains all necessary fields and their values are not null or empty, as per defined rules
2467: This R script converts progress bar values from numerics to percentages, and handles NA or non numerical inputs by returning zero
2468: This R script calculates the square root of summation over complex numbers using modular arithmetic in base 36 system,
2469: This R script generates SQL queries based on the inputted column names and table name. It creates SELECT statements with comma separated values
2470: This R script writes each subtable of the input "TABLE" to an output CSV FILE named after its index number within
2471: This R script defines an `get_elecnon` that determines the electronic configuration based on number and type/spinmulti
2472: This R script defines an aggregation of five f scores. The first score is location factor and the rest are other factors that
2473: This R script defines the 'normalise' directory path. It checks whether or not there is an ending slash in provided
2474: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in the string 'Origin' and returns its second character.
2475: This R script checks if the first two characters of each line in an input file are "<<". If they do not match
2476: This R script takes an input list of strings and converts each string into its constituent characters separated by commas. The
2477: This R script checks whether two strings contain the same alleles. If they do not match exactly and are shared at least
2478: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the input number, "n", has any prime factors. If
2479: This R script defines the 'flatten'函数 that flattens nested lists into one dimension using recursion and
2480: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes two arguments - 'make' and the domain name to be created
2481: This R script recognizes if the input string is an ID message. It uses regular expressions to check whether "ID" appears
2482: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that checks if two ranges overlap. The input is expected to be
2483: A simple R programming script that multiplies three numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses the multiplication operator (*).
2484: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional programming language. It takes two arguments - 'year' and the initial
2485: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. The base case checks whether n>=0,
2486: A simple R script to create and store text in files. It takes two arguments - the name of outputted .txt or
2487: This R script converts Amazon Resource Name ARN to name. It splites the string by ':' and returns last element
2488: This R script defines an 'calculates grade' that takes in input of grades and returns the corresponding letter. It also handles
2489: This R script defines an 'unescaped' or deobfuscated version of the original string. It uses regular
2490: This R script defines the 'getExpectedPythonSafe' method, which returns different lists based on input parameters such as "quick
2491: This R script defines the 'Subscript' of an array. It takes two arguments - one is vector representing dimensions/size
2492: This R script defines the 'function' named "discretize" that truncates numbers in an input vector to match those
2493: A simple R script that takes two arguments - package name and the base of your object. It returns full qualified names in form
2494: This R script converts the input count data into probabilities. It first calculates out totals of all items, then div
2495: This R script calculates the sum of numbers in two sequences using recursion. The input parameters are four integers and one logical
2496: This R script defines the 'primes' functions that finds all prime factors of an inputted integer. It uses trial division
2497: This R script defines the 'circle area' as an anonymous or inline mathematical expression that calculates and returns its result based on
2498: This R script generates an URL based on the provided parameters using string concatenations and returns it as output of 'paste'. The
2499: This R script calculates the maximum weight that can be put into an object of given 'size' using certain items. It
2500: This R script calculates the number of times one needs to jump in order from point A towards B with step size 'D
2501: This R script defines the `getFilers` functions that takes as input an object of type list and returns string representation.
2502: This R script creates or updates the 'getClassMap' object that maps each annotation to its corresponding integer value within our data
2503: This R script creates an efficient way to decomposite numbers into their prime factors. It takes two arguments - 'n' and
2504: This is an R script that defines and calls two functions. The first one checks whether the input number 'x' in argument
2505: This R script defines an 'update' or "updater" that updates the lease information in data frame format. If
2506: This R script calculates the total number of lines per repository by iterating over each .R files within provided repositories and
2507: This R script defines an inline or one line version of the 'in' directory check. It takes two arguments - `directory
2508: This R script creates an inline URL shortcut using the ANSI escape sequence. The user can specify both 'name' and
2509: A R shiny app that generates an 'Error Response' object. This response is used to send back errors from the server
2510: This R script defines the 'pal' draw condition ‘conditional’ based on whether or not there is an inputted
2511: This R script defines the 'return\_yxnique' functions that take two vectors as input and returns one vector.
2512: This R script checks if the absolute values of two numbers are equal. It returns TRUE when they're identical and FALSE otherwise
2513: A R script that generates the URL of SpotiPy' song based on its ID using string concatenation and return statement in
2514: This R script defines the 'fullscreen' policy, which is used to determine whether or not an observation should be displayed in
2515: This R script defines an "extra" menu entry. The parameters are sender object and the position of that in its parent container
2516: This R script parses the organization login names from an input JSON object.  It extract and returns them as output of '
2517: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - the telephone number and validation key/value
2518: This R script defines the 'get\_trimmed' functio that takes in three arguments; one character vector and two
2519: This R script defines an 'discover' orchestrator that takes in one argument and returns it unaltered when
2520: This R script defines an anonymous JavaScript/R functions that toggles the navbar collapse state. It takes two arguments - n_
2521: This R script defines the 'getPredClass' Function that takes in an object of class "likelihood" and returns its
2522: Code with no Walrus Operator, Function Name is "makeBool", Arguments include two strings ("str" & "'
2523: This R script defines an object named "balanceQueueModifer" that takes in the number of requests per day and returns how
2524: This R script converts the messages from list of objects to string. It uses lappy() and paste functions in combination with
2525: This R script splits the input string into numerics using comma delimiter and returns them in an array format  [
2526: This is the implementation of FIBONACCI sequence in R. It's based on recursion and it calculates
2527: This R script checks whether the input vector contains any duplicated elements. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is
2528: This R script converts Bounding Box coordinates to WKT Polygons using the format xmin_ymin ,
2529: This R script defines the 'clamp' or bounding angle functions. The input is an integer representing degrees, and it
2530: A simple R script that converts RGB values to an integer value using bitwise operations and multiplication/division by powers of two
2531: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'isValidResult' procedure. It checks whether there are any
2532: This R script defines the "getFirstWord" or simply just named as `function`. It takes in one argument -
2533: A vectorized multiplication operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns another one with the result of each element being multiplied
2534: This R script defines the 'smallest even divisibility' problem. It finds and returns an integer that is both not
2535: This R script creates an object that contains the URIs of HighWire PDFs. The URI is associated with each
2536: This R script checks if the input object 'Y' represents an output matrix with more than one column in ‘R’
2537: A simple R script to calculate the scalar product of two vectors u and vector with length n using looping constructs only within
2538: This R script converts LandsAt Look URL to S3 format using the USGS LandSatLook service prefix and removes
2539: A simple R script to remove question marks from text.  It uses regular expressions in combination with base functions like 'grep
2540: A simple R script that checks the input values and returns them within specified range. If outside of min/max it will return
2541: This R script checks whether two vectors are equal or not. It does so by comparing the lengths of both input arguments and then
2542: This R script reads the run id and splits it into three components. The first part is taken as 'git commit',
2543: This R script defines an anonymous or named "xify" directory name. It takes as input the path, replaces all
2544: This R script defines an update operation that recursively updates elements of lists and their nested structures based on the provided keys/values
2545: This R script defines an 'dynamic path' that takes in one string and returns the same or different output based on whether it
2546: This R script checks whether all rows of the input 'matrix' are unique. It does so by iterating over each individual
2547: This R script defines the 'function' named "BoxArea" that calculates and returns area of rectangle. The input to
2548: This R script checks if the input variable var belongs to class symbol.  It uses builtin functions of language and returns TRUE
2549: This R script defines the 'strip' or "trim" operation on strings. It uses regular expressions to remove leading and tra
2550: This R script calculates the octants of an object's motion based on its x and y coordinates in relation to some
2551: This R script computes the similarity between two texts by counting how many common terms they have. It does so using str splitting
2552: This R script calculates the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index. It takes two inputs NIR and Red light values
2553: This R script compares two strings and returns TRUE if they are the same when both have been converted into lowercase. Otherwise
2554: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes two input parameters. It checks whether both inputs are either '
2555: This R script checks if two numbers are even or not. It uses the modulus operator to find out whether one number is
2556: This R script creates an URL based on the input parameters of 'Molecle' and ‘Isotopes’ from
2557: This R script defines the 'buildUri' built in. It takes two arguments - "Base" and “Path”
2558: This R script checks whether the input value is less than 0,7 or not and returns TRUE/False accordingly based on
2559: A simple R script that defines and runs the 'goodby' command. This is an example of how to define
2560: This script defines two functions. The first one takes an additional property as input and returns it in the form of named vector with
2561: This R script defines the 'getDevice' functions that takes in configuration object and returns first element of "devicetype
2562: This script calculates the deltified eigenvalues of an eigenvector matrix using Eigensolver package in Python and returns them
2563: This R script checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they're not it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE
2564: This R script reads and returns contents of specified UTF encoded txt files. If there is an error in opening or processing it
2565: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in one argument - url. It splits the input URL into
2566: This R script removes all instances of the string 'rt' from an input vector.  It returns only those tokens that are
2567: This R script defines an anonymous ("pruning") or inline version of the gSub() and TrimWS functions. It
2568: This R script converts degrees to decimal minutes and seconds format using the formula of converting degree into minute, second then convert those
2569: This R script defines the 'get_filenames' to extract filename from file path.  It uses built in functions
2570: A simple Rectification Function that returns the input value when it is positive. Otherwise return zero as per requirement in problem statement
2571: This R script checks the edge of an input number 'X' between two given numbers (' X ‘ and '' ) to
2572: This R script converts an integer to its corresponding alphabetical character. The input number should fall within the range of [
2573: This R script defines the 'getFileName' functions that takes in file path and returns only filename. It splits given
2574: This R script creates an object that contains the state of lights and fans based on certain conditions. The condition is defined by '
2575: A simple R script that calculates the Perimeter of three sides.  The input is provided as arguments to calculate and return
2576: This R script defines an anonymous ("all int") or named ('function') one line 'code' that takes in string inputs
2577: A simple R script that converts an inputted one two digit number into the equivalent in military format or standard AM/ PM
2578: This R script defines the 'getLineNumber' that takes in two arguments - an input "Value" and another argument called
2579: This R script checks whether the input term can be considered as variable or not by using an internal helper method '`' which
2580: This R script builds and returns an SQL query string from the inputted list of keywords. The output is constructed by joining all
2581: This R script defines an anonymous or named "rstrip" word. It takes two arguments; the text to be processed and
2582: This R script splits the input string into different parts based on '/' character. If it is not at start of line
2583: This R script checks if the difference between two numbers is more than 1. If it's true then returns TRUE else
2584: This R script defines the 'din' or dynamic calculation of kinetic energy from inputted values. The inputs are Kinem
2585: This R script defines the 'norm' variable as an object of class Variations and its properties are defined in terms that allow
2586: A simple R script that converts 'none' to an empty character vector in the input argument of any given dataframe column
2587: This R script calculates the latent heat of fusion using an equation based on temperature and pressure, which is then used to calculate
2588: This R script calculates the Cohens kappa statistic between two annotated vectors. The Kappas are used to
2589: This R script creates an anonymous wrapper around the Slick Deck API. It takes in one string and returns it wrapped with
2590: This R script defines the 'getVixelCoordinate' or "Get Vessel Coordinates" functions. The input is
2591: This R script merges multiple paragraph into one sentence using regular expressions and string manipulation functions in the given list of textual
2592: This R script defines the 'get\_co...' is an oneliner that calculates and returns Cosines Similarities
2593: This R script defines an 'odd' variable that takes two arguments - the dimension and number of cycles. If dimensions is not
2594: This R script checks whether the input string is alphanumeric or not by using grepl() and nchr().
2595: A simple R script that adds two numbers.  It takes in input 'x' and returns the sum of x with y
2596: A simple R script that takes an input message and returns it in the form of backticks.  For example ```
2597: This R script defines the 'function' named "maxGrade" that takes as input an object of class data.frame
2598: This R script defines an anonymous or "vector subtraction" operation. It takes two vectors as input and returns their difference element
2599: This R script calculates the mod duration of an investment. It takes three parameters - 'duraton', which is in
2600: This R script creates an object called 'makeHeaders'. The purpose of the program is to create and manage HTTP header information that
2601: Acknowlegments the maintenance of DST data by maintaining it on both National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's
2602: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional calculation mechanism that determines the type of strike slip based on input parameter 'RAKE
2603: This R script cleans the documents by removing punctuation. It takes as input an object of text tokens, and returns another one
2604: This R script defines an anonymous or named "sel" reverse selection. It takes two arguments; the array to be reversed
2605: A simple recursive implementation of the Factorial Function in R. The base case is when num equals to one, then it
2606: This R script defines the 'getMaxLenght' that takes in rows as input and returns an integer vector of two
2607: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the PlayFair cipher wrap algorithm. The input parameters are
2608: This R script calculates the number of characters needed to represent an entropy in bits. The result is rounded down, as it
2609: A simple R script that converts lat/long coordinates to string format with an optional unit of measurement ("kilometers
2610: A simple R script that calculates the sum of all elements in an input vector 'throws'. The throws are expected to be
2611: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two vectors as input and returns their combined vector using the
2612: This R script checks if the input token matches with left brackets.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it'
2613: This R script computes the minimum distance between two alphabetic characters in an array of possible parents. The absolute difference
2614: This R script defines an in place subtraction operation on two variables. The first variable is the input and its value gets replaced
2615: This R script calculates the absolute error between two values.  The result is returned as an output of your specified input parameters
2616: This R script defines two functions. The first one calculates the total gain and loss from changes of prices over time using an
2617: This R script defines the 'local magnetisation' of an ensemble system by calculating its mean value over multiple trials and numbering
2618: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed one line functions that checks whether the input string ends with "'" and returns it
2619: This R script defines the 'dynamic_paths' functions that takes an argument as string and returns only last part of URL or
2620: This R script checks whether there is at least one occurrence of the character '.', but not two consecutive occurrences. If
2621: This R script defines an anonymous or named "wrapTo9" that takes one argument, 'Angle', and returns the
2622: This R script counts the number of failed students by iterating over each score and checking whether it is less than or equal to
2623: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that converts numerics to numbers and non numerical strings into their
2624: This R script defines the 'ZeroPlen' object, which counts how many consecutive zeros are found. If more than
2625: This R script checks if the provided URL string starts with "SQLITE" or not using regular expressions in SQL database urls
2626: This R script checks if the given list of files end with '.basesline'. If they do not it returns FALSE else
2627: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that attempts to extract the unit of each element in input data;
2628: This R script calculates the maximum possible profits from buying at any given stock price and selling later. It iteratively checks all
2629: A simple R script that takes in the name of an internet site and returns it as partioned by 'Site:' string.
2630: A simple R script to convert Farenheight temperatures into Celcuis. The formula used is standard conversion from farn
2631: This R script defines the 'cubic' curve equation. The input is two vectors of length 0 or more and
2632: This R script defines the 'z_scores' or standard deviation functions. It takes three arguments; raw data and its
2633: This R script defines the 'findVolume' as an anonymous Sexpr. It calculates and returns volume of sphere given radius
2634: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that toggles between "Visible" and “Hidden” based on
2635: This R script defines the 'getNumberOfPublishedPaper()', which counts and returns number of papers published. It takes
2636: A simple R script that writes the contents of one variable to an output text or csv.  The filename is returned as
2637: This R script defines the 'reverse complement' of DNA sequence. It takes an input string and returns its reverse complements
2638: This R script calculates the average of cards drawn from an inputted deck. It takes as its argument, which is supposed
2639: This R script calculates precision and recall based on the given confidence scores. It takes as input two vectors of confidence score
2640: This R script calculates the distance between two points in an environment using manhatten distancing. The input is current point
2641: A simple R script that generates an API URL based on the host input parameter using paste and concatenation functions in one line of
2642: This script defines two functions, one to calculate the Factorial of an input number and another that calculates multiplication over all numbers
2643: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that checks whether the input is integer and returns it as such otherwise
2644: A simple R script that takes an input string and returns it enclosed in single quotes.  It is used to escape special
2645: This R script defines an anonymous or named "retrieveAdjacentList" that takes two arguments - 'cpgs'
2646: This R script finds the shortest word in an input string. It splits it into individual characters and then applies `n
2647: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that performs linear interploation. The input parameters are the coordinates
2648: This R script defines the 'brook' object which calculates an exponential weighted moving average of some data points based on certain
2649: This R script defines an anonymous or named "blockNumber" that takes two arguments - row and col. It then calculates
2650: This R script defines the 'largeset' triplets multiplication simple algorithm. It takes an array and integer as input parameters
2651: This R script defines an 'get_MAX' method that takes as input one vector and returns the maximum value. It uses
2652: This R script takes in MIDI strings as input and returns the same data but split into individual notes.  It uses
2653: This R script defines the 'get\_videomultixingerofcfg' functions which takes three arguments - configurations and
2654: This R script checks if the system platform in use matches either Linux or Darwin, and returns TRUE/FALSE accordingly based on
2655: This R script defines an extraction routine that takes in the message object and returns three pieces of information from it. The first two
2656: This R script defines the 'translate' functions that takes three arguments. The first argument is number of points to be transformed and
2657: This R script calculates the JAccardi Similaritiy between two lists. It takes in 3 arguments - list one
2658: This R script calculates the derivative of an arbitrary input x using mathematical functions in one line, without needing to use any loop
2659: This R script calculates the total number of variables needed to store an arbitrary set or "Input" names. It takes into
2660: This R script defines the 'wrapHa' funtion that takes an angle in degrees and returns it wrapped around between +/-
2661: This R script defines the 'd' vectorized operation to calculate EOS value based on given parameters and values of velocity ('
2662: This R script checks whether each of the characters in given input 's' are ASCII or not using regular expressions and returns
2663: This R script defines an anonymous or named "personalTopThree" that takes in one argument - 'Scores', which
2664: This R script splits the input string into individual characters using "/" delimiter and then applies an anonymous functions to each
2665: A simple R script that takes two arguments x and ‘Y’ coordinates of the point in Cartesian coordinate system. It
2666: This R script defines the 'Bayesian Oracle Estimators' which is used to estimate parameters of Gaussian distributions. The estimator
2667: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component called "tileslippystotmstiles" that takes three
2668: A simple R script that creates an 'greeter' object. The input is the person’s Name and it returns greet
2669: This R script calculates the number of pairs that can be formed from an array 'dir' where each element represents whether it
2670: This R script filters out the trailing slashes from URLs. If there is no tailing / then it adds one
2671: This R script creates and returns an integer vector from zero to the input number. The numbers are stored in ascending order within
2672: A simple R script that generates an empty string of spaces. It's used to create indentation in the output text
2673: This R script creates an index.txt that contains information about the version control system and its server details to be used by h
2674: This R script checks the presence and uniqueness among different fields within dataframe agrData to ensure that all required information is
2675: This R script defines the 'getDegreeOf' funtion that calculates and returns degree of nodes. It iter
2676: This R script defines an object named 'refract' that calculates the ratio of two quantities based on their distance and angle
2677: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getShapeId" that takes in one argument ' shape ', and returns the string
2678: This R script defines the 'time' conversion functions. It takes an input in seconds and converts it into hours, minutes
2679: This R script checks whether the input string 'X' contains number ‘two’ in any case sensitive manner using grepr
2680: This R script is designed to take in two vectors of instances and feature names as input parameters; it then formats the data into
2681: This R script defines the 'servicePlanResourceName' as an input parameter and returns either its equivalent name or default one.
2682: This R script defines the 'getConfigArgsValue' functions that takes three arguments - default value and configuration values or argument vector
2683: This R script converts parentheses into binary format. It replaces '(' with ‘' and replace')',
2684: This R script defines the 'simple\_defauts' functions that takes in dictionary of default values and returns them as lists
2685: This R script converts FHIR practitioners to Meta format. It takes in the result of an API call and
2686: This R script creates an object that maps colors to their corresponding ANSI escape codes. It then provides functions 'text_
2687: This R script defines the 'normalize' or preprocess content. It takes as input an argument, which is assumed to
2688: This R script calculates the total of each element within an input record. The result is returned as another vector with same length
2689: This R script combines two CSS chunks into one HTML chunk. If either of the input strings is empty it simply returns that
2690: This R script defines an 'Absolute Radio Metric Cal'sion which takes in four parameters - the raw rad
2691: This R script creates an HTML table from the input string. The difference between two strings is highlighted using ASCII characters to represent
2692: This R script converts the device coordinates to image pixels, normalizing them by adding one and then scaling up with factor of
2693: This R script finds the shortest string in an inputted vector of strings. It splits each word from strng into
2694: This R script defines the `conv` output shape calculation based on input parameters and applies different types of padding strategies to an image
2695: This R script checks whether the input object 'estmantor' belongs to class of objects that inherit from base estimator in
2696: This R script defines an anonymous or "get" alpha numeric conversion. It takes 6 arguments and converts the input
2697: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional transformation of the predicate variable. It checks each possible value in its input and returns
2698: A R script that reads the first line of /proc/{pid}/ netdev file on Linux. This is used in conjunction
2699: This R script toggles between two filters based on the input 'count'. If no argument is provided, it returns false;
2700: This R script defines the 'merge' operation on two dictionaries. It merges dictionary ‘dict’ with another one
2701: This R script defines an inline anonymous or named "inclusive" version of the built in 'Range' object. The name
2702: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that extracts the file name from filenames with optional parameters like
2703: This R script defines the `get_ious` to calculate Intersecting Objects' Union of Area in two boundig
2704: This is the definition of an activation/nonlinear transformation called ReLU. It takes any input x and returns 1
2705: This R script validates the output of different parameters and returns TRUE only when all NA values are removed from each parameter vector;
2706: This R script checks whether all the options provided are present or not. If any option isn't found it prints an error
2707: This R script defines and implements the 'getListFromCommmaSeparatdString' functions that takes in an input string
2708: This R script defines an "equalize" or 'equivalent' operation that takes three arguments. It returns the smaller of
2709: This R script calculates the squred error between two vectors of equal length. The actual result is subtracted from its predicted
2710: This R script defines an 'extract' or "function" that takes as input the output of some web scraping operation
2711: This R script defines an appropriate way to check if the difference between two bearings is within some threshold value 'delta'. The
2712: A simple R script that calculates the squared value of an input number. The result is returned by using 'return'.
2713: This R script defines an 'argument parser' that checks whether there are enough arguments provided, and prints usage information when not.
2714: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the Least Common Multiple calculation. It takes two numbers
2715: This R script defines the 'required padding' or difference between an input and its nearest multiple of some number. It takes two
2716: This R script converts MAC addresses from uppercase format into lower case. It takes an input of the form 'XXYY
2717: A simple R script that takes an input data type and returns the corresponding plurality. For example 'pluralizef
2718: This R script checks whether the given number 'num' can be divided evenly by any prime numbers up to its square root
2719: This R script defines an 'around' frequency rounded to the specified decimal place number of digits in each element within input frequencies
2720: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes two arguments - 'storageType' and the dataframe name
2721: This R script checks the user's input against an expected output. It counts both correct and incorrect answers to determine accuracy of
2722: This R script defines an anonymous or named "transform" that takes four arguments - two of which are optional and the other three
2723: This R script creates an anonymous or named "formatRank" that takes two arguments - parent rank and the sub ranking.
2724: This R script converts an input string with commas to integer format and removes the comma from it using regular expressions in one
2725: A simple R script that creates an object with two properties - label and value.  The values are passed as arguments to the
2726: This R script creates an odd number generator. If the input is even, it increments by one to ensure that output will
2727: This R script defines the 'stratifies' package. The given task is to create an anonymous or named one line functions
2728: This R script converts the input list of sentences into one long string. It uses 'paste' to combine all elements in
2729: This R script defines the 'function' named `parameters` which takes two arguments - nested and general. It returns an object
2730: This R script converts hexadecimal strings to numerics in the given input argument 'base' set at 1
2731: This R script calculates the "relevancy gain" of an assignment by taking into account its graded value and maximum
2732: This R script defines an 'add\_uL' functio that takes two arguments - the first is supposed to be
2733: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in one argument, 'name'. It removes the tilde
2734: This R script defines the Leibničz series, which is an infinite sequence of numbers that are used in calculus
2735: This R script calculates the average time difference between consecutive elements in an input vector of numbers using simple arithmetic operations and returns
2736: This R script defines an uppercase character string generator using the built in functions of baseR package and returns it as output when
2737: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getConfigureValue" that takes two arguments - 'attribute' and ‘
2738: This R script checks if the node object has attribute 'n' and its type matches character.  It returns TRUE or FALSE
2739: This R script calculates the mean temperature using two given temperatures as input parameters and returns it in degrees Celsius or F
2740: This R script checks if the given coordinates are within specified bounds. The input is three parameters - 'corners' which represents
2741: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns multiplication between two numbers using one line syntax in Python language with
2742: This R script creates an image markup from the given file name. The output is in MarkDown format which can be used
2743: This R script checks if there are positions with an elevation less than 1. If so it returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is
2744: This R script defines the 'normalise' or "denormalises" hues in an RGB color space by multiplying
2745: This is the definition of an R script that calculates Kullback–Leibler divergences. It takes two
2746: This R script defines the 'condNotBetween' condition. It takes three arguments - two numeric values and one character
2747: This R script checks whether the input string contains only numbers and 'C' or lowercase letters. If it does, returns
2748: This R script calculates the acceleration required to launch an object with given thrust and gravity. The result is then divided by ship
2749: This R script checks if the variable name contains an underscore. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or NA
2750: This R script parses the "URI" from each item in an input list of music streaming platforms' API response. The
2751: This R script defines the `getChartData` Function that takes in an input of type vector and returns output as chart dataset
2752: This R script defines the 'getTarBallValidUnPackDirectoryName' Function. It takes two arguments - package
2753: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes two arguments and returns the minimum of those values when they are
2754: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - rate and period of time in years as
2755: This R script defines the 'least common multiple' or GCD of two numbers using Euclid’s algorithm. The
2756: This R script builds the version number from given string. It removes any trailing '-' and everything after it using regular expressions
2757: This R script defines two functions; one is the Logistical Map and another uses it to generate an array of values based
2758: A simple R script that uses escape sequences to change the color of console output. It takes two arguments - style and 'text
2759: This R script calculates the Maximum Mutual Information between two texts. It takes three arguments - 'textA' and
2760: A linear interpolation of two values based on the parameter 't'. The result is calculated by multiplying first value with factor
2761: This R script defines an intersection calculation between two blocks of data in the form [start end]. The first block is sorted and
2762: This is the mapping of keys to values in R. It's used when dealing with data frames or lists where certain columns
2763: This R script checks if the input URL contains only digts and dots. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
2764: This R script checks if there are any attachments in the given dataframe. If yes, it returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
2765: This R script takes an input sentence and returns the same string with each individual character reversed. If it's not five
2766: A simple R markdown document generator. It takes an input of the anchor name and generates corresponding 'r' stanza
2767: A simple R script that converts input string to bolded version.  It uses the paste and bquote functions in order
2768: This R script creates an anonymous multiline sequence of numbers from zero to ten hundred with the step size specified in arg.
2769: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" mathematical operation called 'interpolation'. The input parameters are three numbers and
2770: This R script defines an object named 'd' that calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using linear
2771: This R script defines an 'getID' Function that checks the element object to see whether it contains either "name", or
2772: This R script defines the 'line_intersct' which checks whether two lines intersect with each other or not based on
2773: This R script defines an 'encoder' that converts the input fasta qual score into its corresponding phased encoded value
2774: A simple R script that takes an input vector and returns the first element of it, or just itself in case there is only
2775: This R script defines the 'nu' or normalizing rule. It takes two arguments; an input value "beta" and
2776: This R script creates an anonymous user ID based on the inputted description of assets. It concatenates "user/" with inputs
2777: This R script defines an anonymous or named "e" d() that takes one argument val. If the value of 'VAL
2778: This R script defines the 'formatTime' to convert time in seconds into hours/minutes and second. The output is
2779: This R script removes unnecessary spaces from the inputted string.  It does so by removing all instances of two or more consecutive
2780: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the given Python program. The purpose is to demonstrate how functions in programming
2781: This is an R script that creates and returns two elements in list format - 'Status Code' & content of URL specified by
2782: A simple R script to generate error messages.  It takes the name of an arbitrary user defined or built in functions and its
2783: This R script defines an anonymous or named "typeFiles" that takes two arguments - 'filename' and '.extension'. It
2784: This R script calculates the result of adding two to each element in vector 'input' and then dividing by three.
2785: This R script calculates the cost per unit sold by using estimated percentage growth media costs from given inputted 'Total Sales'.
2786: This R script calculates the ratio of two numbers. The input parameters are 'B1' and ‘BA’ which
2787: This R script defines an 'add' or helper method to be used in conjunction with the `form` package. It takes
2788: This R script defines the 'shouldDistortionImages' orchestrator. It takes four arguments - whether to randomly dist
2789: A simple R script that converts all lowercase letters to their corresponding capitalized versions. This is done by iterating over
2790: This R script defines an 'delete duplicated' functionality. It takes as input the list of Twitter data and returns another one
2791: This R script defines the 'computeCulumant' funtion which calculates four different types of first and second order non
2792: This is an R script that converts strings into boolean values. It takes in input as the name of any language, and
2793: This R script creates an HTML link. It takes two arguments - the 'url' and clickable part of your webpage
2794: This R script checks whether two strings are Anagrams or not by comparing the character counts of each string and returning true only
2795: This R script calculates the EPMI score of two lists based on their corresponding pairs from one dictionary object pdictionary
2796: This R script defines the 'minimum and maximum' functions. It takes three arguments - minimum limit ('min'), current number to
2797: This R script checks whether all required arguments are provided or not. It does so by checking the presence and absence among both argument
2798: This R script defines the 'normaliseEntity' functions that takes as input an object of class entity, and returns it with
2799: This R script checks the first element of an input vector and returns ‘true’ or 'false' based on whether it
2800: This R script generates backend TFVars files based on the provided parameters - an 'environemnt' and
2801: This R script builds an SQL JOIN clause from the given source names in vector format using "sprinf" and string concaten
2802: This R script defines the 'testIncident' functio which checks whether any keyword from an inputted vector of
2803: This R script changes the numbers in English to their corresponding Chinese characters.  It uses regular expressions and string manipulation functions from
2804: This R script defines the 'get_name' orchester that takes in an URI and returns its name. The main
2805: A simple R script to calculate the area of triangle using coordinates.  The formula used is derived from geometry's principle that
2806: This R script defines the 'remap' or map to range operation. It takes four arguments; it checks whether input values
2807: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the "NearesSquare" algorithm. The main idea is to find
2808: This R script defines the "child or chilren" functionality as per given input value and returns appropriate message based on whether
2809: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. The ggd or MCD between two
2810: This is an example of how to create the 'coi' rate, which simply returns zero in R programming language as it
2811: This R script defines an anonymous ("del") character value that takes two arguments - the "inlined" string and to be
2812: This R script removes the double quotes from strings in an input vector, and returns original values when they are not string or NA
2813: This R script creates an anonymous or "middle" element of the input vector 'T'. It removes first and last elements from
2814: This R script creates an object that contains the usage examples of different ping service calls using provided parameters as input arguments and returns them
2815: This R script defines the 'get' method to extract scatters from an object of class "model". The name is
2816: This R script computes the Precisions of an algorithm. It takes two arguments - numberOfTruePositive and Numberof
2817: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'eps' mathematical constant, which is used to avoid floating
2818: This R script converts the bounding box coordinates from API format to standard XYXY.  The input is an array
2819: A simple R script that converts input string into lower case.  Code is self explanatory as it simply takes an argument
2820: This R script defines the 'getApiTitle' functio, which takes in an object of class "Specification"
2821: This R script checks if the input object 'object' belongs to sklern pipeline or not by checking its type and package
2822: This R script defines the 'normalization' or normalization of input vector. The output is normalized version where each element has been
2823: This R script checks whether the input version string 'ver' has 4 digits and only contains numbers from [1,
2824: A simple R script that calculates the perimeter of any triangle given its three sides.  The input parameters are side lengths
2825: This R script builds an arbitrator ID based on the message type and id. The result is then printed to console or
2826: A simple R script that converts numeric values into boolean. If the value is 0, it returns FALSE; otherwise
2827: This R script defines the 'parse' or parsing functionality. It takes in an object of class Feature, and returns it
2828: This R script defines an "is_in" method that checks whether the given coordinate pair lies within any bounding rectangle specified
2829: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that calculates the perimeters of rectangular shapes. The input parameters are width
2830: Two functions are defined in R programming language. The first one takes as input an object of type "vector" and returns it
2831: This R script checks whether two dictionaries have the same keys and values on common elements only using recursion with list comparison within
2832: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'input' number
2833: This R script adds elements to the 'features'. It iterates over each element from `featuress` and tries
2834: This R script checks whether the input character belongs to Chinese characters. It does so by checking that its Unicode value falls within
2835: This R script is designed to extract the job ID from an URL path string by splitting it into segments and then returning that last
2836: This R script adds line breaks to the input string. It uses "sprintfn" and "%b".  The
2837: A linear interpolation between two values based on the global step within range [a; b]. The result is calculated by taking
2838: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'detect' BradyCardiac detection algorithm. The
2839: This R script defines an 'extract\_alignment' functions that takes as input the output of alignments and returns them
2840: This R script defines the 'get\_catlog\_\ record \ access type' named vectorized functional to extract and validate
2841: This R script defines an interactive start command that takes in user input and decides whether to proceed with starting/ending up games
2842: This R script defines the 'getPercent' functio, which calculates and returns an integer value based on input
2843: This is an R script that checks if the input string 'n' contains any of "person"," address" or “
2844: This R script calculates the discount based on an 'Initial' and its corresponding "Current" value using simple mathematical operations to
2845: This R script defines an anonymous or named "parseList" that takes three arguments - 'entries', which is the list
2846: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'function' that checks whether the specified components and versions are present within its input data
2847: This R script defines an 'issueFollowDocTemplateValues' that takes in the URL root as input and returns values related to
2848: ARI calculation using R programming language.  The input parameters are the base frequencies of two languages and it returns an approximation to
2849: This R script defines an anonymous ("shout") functions that takes in one argument and returns the string concatenated with three ex
2850: This R script checks if the ratio of source directories to total number or 'files' in data set exceeds certain threshold value i
2851: This R script checks whether the first word of template string starts with space or not. If it does then returns true otherwise false
2852: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'getVLANRages' functions that takes two
2853: A simple R script that calculates the product of two vectors.  The input should be exactly one pair vector with lengths equal
2854: This R script checks if the "Next Hop" is either 'LOCAL' or connected.  It uses regular expressions to
2855: This R script processes the input 'dict' into an ordered, unique list of names. The output is then returned as one
2856: This R script defines an "action" that checks the input string to determine whether it contains either success, failure或warning and
2857: This R script defines the quinary time scaling equation. The input parameters are Time Factor 'tf' and Scaled variable
2858: This R script calculates the maximum absolute value of each element within an input vector and divides it by all elements to normal
2859: This R script defines the "column names" of an input data frame, depending on whether it is in long format or not
2860: A simple implementation of the Quadratic Beizer curve. It takes three points as input and returns their interpolated value
2861: This R script defines an object named 'class' that takes two arguments - the dictionary and Department. It then converts all
2862: This R script defines the 'DataZoom' object. It takes in three parameters - an indicator to determine whether or not
2863: This R script converts the submodels of an object by value to their corresponding values. It does so through iteration over each
2864: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or inline"function". The name of the lambda/anonymous functions in
2865: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the input values are within specified range or not and returns either minimum
2866: This R script applies the rule x is evenly divisible by two, it returns half of 'X', otherwise multiplies
2867: This R script defines an anonymous or named "connection string" generator. It takes as input one connection object and returns the concaten
2868: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that checks if the input string 'VIRUS' is present in
2869: This R script defines an anonymous or named "rounded" vectorized operation that rounds numbers to the nearest integer based on their
2870: This R script defines the 'numberOfSampels' funtion that takes two arguments X and Y. If an argument
2871: This R script checks whether an author association exists and modifies it based on its value; otherwise returns original input without modifications."
2872: This R script applies gain transformation to the input data. The formula is based on an exponential decay factor which can be adjusted by
2873: This R script converts Farenheight to cesuisus using the formula "C = ((f - 3
2874: This R script calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and their cumulative square.  The input is an
2875: This R script defines an `extractRetryability` that tries to retrieve the retriablility from any given object
2876: This R script calculates the general formula of sums from zero. The first one is more efficient than using loops and it uses
2877: This is an example of how to define and use the 'rjus' tidier in R. It does nothing
2878: This R script converts the input type to its corresponding numerics representation using an if else condition and switch case in one line
2879: This R script converts the input in cm to metric system. It first divides by ten and then takes remainder when divided
2880: This R script defines two functions; one calculates the pixel wise difference between to pixels and another computes euclidean distances using
2881: This R script calculates the percentage difference between two numbers and returns it as string with "%" symbol at end of number in
2882: This R script defines an expression model to calculate how much specific proportion or percentage amount per unit time spent on each type species'
2883: This R script defines the 'getVars' Function that takes in an input of theme and returns it back to user with
2884: This R script checks whether the given year is leap or not. It uses modulus operator to check divisibility of
2885: This JavaScript/TypeScript functions takes an array of string as input and returns the union types in JSDoc format. If
2886: This R script defines the 'validate' by year, which checks if input is numerically and falls within valid range of birth
2887: Functions to truncating strings. If string is less than or equal maximum limit then it returns original source else trims and
2888: This R script creates an anonymous one line functions that multiplies the input by zero and adds one, effectively returning all elements
2889: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate number or steps required in moving n disks from one peg onto another using three
2890: This R script defines the "rec\_key" change() method, which takes in one argument key. If it receives any
2891: This R script defines an anonymous or "true start" calculation. It takes two arguments; one is the 'CIGAR
2892: This R script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using an array of coordinates and returns it as output from
2893: This R script defines an 'ceil_div' that takes two arguments and returns the result of dividing one argument by another
2894: This R script calculates how long it takes to get on and off at different stops of an autobus based upon its
2895: This R script defines the 'reverse' character string. It reverses an inputted characters strings by creating and returning it
2896: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'get_nam'e()`function. The input
2897: This R script defines an environment variable checker. It takes in one argument, env which is the name of your desired development
2898: This R script creates an arrow biceps name from the given base and packag names. The output is in format '
2899: This R script fixes the URL by replacing "and" with "%22".  It takes an input of 'URL'
2900: This R script calculates the distance between two vectors. It takes as input both vector 't' and returns their respective distances
2901: This R script creates two functions. The first one takes as input an array of comma separated string values and returns the same data
2902: A simple R script to calculate the value of y given x and coefficients.  The equation is represented as ax²+bx
2903: A simple R script that rounds prices to the specified number of decimal places.  It takes two arguments - price and exch
2904: This R script counts the number of selected calendar systems. It takes as input an object containing multiple 'Calendar' objects, and
2905: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes as input the mentions vector and returns all ID'S of
2906: This is an R script that converts string to float using the as() method in baseR package, which returns numerics
2907: This R script calculates differences between two vectors of equal lengths. If they don't match in size it stops execution with
2908: This R script defines an 'accumulation' rotation of the input value around zero based on its distance from current position or
2909: This R script checks if the input string 'text' from user or file has any white space. If it does, then
2910: This R script parses platform information from the input lines. The parsed data is stored as key/value pairs where keys are
2911: This R script calculates the number of false positives based on true positive rate and rank. It takes two arguments; one
2912: This R script calculates the difference between two points in 6D space using Euclidean distance and an arbitrary precision parameter '
2913: This R script defines the 'nckk' or combination formula which calculates combinations of items taken from an ordered sample space with
2914: This R script defines the 'function' named "RISK" that categorizes risks based on their value into different levels
2915: This R script defines an anonymous or named "splTime" that takes in one argument 'ts' and returns the equivalent time
2916: This R script calculates the percentages of submissions in each category based on total number submitted items and returns an integer value
2917: This R script introduces soft constraints to the edges in an input graph. The constraint is that when "low confidence", it reduces
2918: This R script creates an external library file extension based on the input parameter. If shared is TRUE, it returns '.dll
2919: This R script calculates the maximum possible sum of numbers that can be obtained by adding up to 'n' in binary representation
2920: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in one argument 'array' and returns the same data type but
2921: This R script defines the 'minimalCommunity' object, which is used to create and manage communities. The community owner
2922: This R script counts the number of unique elements per line from an input string. It does so by splitting each character on spaces
2923: This R script defines the 'get_stirng' and an example usage of it is provided below, which takes in
2924: This R script converts an integer input into 3 digits long string. The number is padded with zeros to
2925: This R script defines an anonymous or named "stringIsBiger" that takes two strings as input and returns TRUE when the
2926: This R script defines an anonymous or named vector selection based on the inputted vectors. The name and feature lists are provided as
2927: This R script defines the 'remove chracters' functionality. It takes in an input of type "character" and returns
2928: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'in China' checker using lists and loops to
2929: This R script defines the 'function' named `GetCataloguePath` that takes an input layer and returns its path
2930: This R script removes leading and trailing spaces from the inputted strings.  It uses regular expressions to achieve that by replacing
2931: This R script converts the inputted comma separated strings into lists.  The output is simply an unnamed list containing one
2932: This R script creates an anonymous or named "normalized" version of the input string. It removes any special characters and spaces
2933: This R script replaces the lines of 'myArray' with those that match each element from an input array. The replacement
2934: This R script defines an anonymous user joining to any given Organization's Slack channel and sends out join notification in slash
2935: This R script calculates the result of dividing one number by another. The input is two numbers - f normal and an
2936: Converts string inputs into logical values using the R programming language's built in functions and custom defined ones that handle character
2937: This R script converts underscores (_), double underlines ("__) into single (*). It also replaces multiple spaces
2938: This R script checks if the input is either "map" or rectangle and returns TRUE/FALSE accordingly.  It uses an
2939: A simple R script that returns the count in English. For example, 3 will return 'three'. If it's
2940: This R script defines the 'my_momemtun' or moment of M with respect to vector V. It
2941: This R script defines the 'Rotation to Home' transformation matrix which is used in robotics and control systems where rotation matrices
2942: This R script defines an 'get_manifests' method that retrieves the history of each item in inputted man
2943: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") or "function" named `decor_tests`. The purpose of the
2944: This R script checks whether the input vector 'x' forms an arithmetic progression. It does so by checking that each
2945: This R script defines the `getVarList` to extract variable from given dataframe. It excludes variables named "mode
2946: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of creating destination directory path using provided input from user in command prompt or terminal
2947: This R script calculates the square length of an input vector. The result is returned as output from within another defined functions named
2948: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional wrapper around the htmltools package's `paste` and 'wrap()'.
2949: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getInitialLockExpiry" that takes two arguments - blockNumber and setTimeout
2950: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'haveSharedAllegicVariations' that takes two strings as input. It
2951: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that splits the input vector of entries into parentheses. The output
2952: This R script defines the `strip_quotes`函数 that takes in one argument and returns it without any quotes
2953: This R script generates numbers in the format 'xxx' where x is between ‘xx’ and xx'. If number exceeds
2954: This R script defines an escaping formatting in the input string. It replaces '{' with {{ and replace it back
2955: This R script creates an option from the template. The input is two parameters - 'value' and ‘Text’ which
2956: This R script calculates the normalized distribution of an input vector or list, where each element is divided by its total value to
2957: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'function' that splits the input timestamp into its components and returns them in order
2958: This R script replaces all instances of double quotes with escaped ones. It also does the same thing but replacing single quote characters
2959: A simple R script that returns "PONG!" when given an input string.  This is just to demonstrate the concept of
2960: This R script calculates the difference between two vectors. The first element of each input is subtracted from corresponding elements in second
2961: This R script checks if the input value belongs to integer. It firstly verifies whether it's numerically classified as
2962: This R script converts the input time in secs into hours/minutes and second format using only basic arithmetic operations
2963: This R script converts genetype characters into numerics. It creates an associative array to map the character inputs onto
2964: This R script checks if the input value can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on that conversion process
2965: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes three arguments - the 'target' folder name in which to search
2966: This R script calculates the relative difference between two datasets and checks if it is zero. If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE
2967: This R script defines an 'handle' or helper functions that takes as input the dictionary of API results and returns them formatted into
2968: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that converts the input string to its corresponding degree. The mapping is
2969: This R script defines the 'constructParameterPattern' to generate regular expression patterns based on input parameters. The pattern is constructed by
2970: This R script converts all the timestamp values in an input dataframe to relative time. It subtracts one of its
2971: This R script defines the 'default_timeouts' functions that sets or returns an object with package specific time out settings,
2972: This R script defines the 'cubic' easing equation, which is used in many animations and transitions to create
2973: This R script captures the current size of threads in use. It takes two arguments - thread list and number records that have been
2974: This R script checks whether the input id string has exactly three colon separated segments. If all of them are not empty then it
2975: A simple R script that converts prices to two decimal places using the 'sprint' command in base r language
2976: This R script defines the 'conju'tation of four variables in an input vector. The conjugates are calculated by
2977: A R script that converts the input data type to corresponding CL equivalent. If it's unsupported, returns NULL and
2978: Function to validate the equality of two codes or identifiers in an application discount system – Code checks whether both inputs are not
2979: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that calculates melt rate based on temperature and pressure values, given by
2980: This R script defines an anonymous or "nuclear charge" lookup table. The input is expected to be in uppercase
2981: This R script defines an anonymous ("naked") one line functions that takes in the name of any variable and returns its prefix
2982: This R script creates an object that can search by any given HTTP request headers using regular expressions in its constructor method `createSearch
2983: This R script converts all the lines in text into one line with spaces between each word. For example "hello how"
2984: This R script converts the input number into percentage format with sign and decimal points using an IF statement to check whether it is
2985: This R script calculates the sequence of values between two points in three different lists. The maximum distance is calculated and then divided
2986: This R script defines the 'farid' filter functions with two parameters n and p which are used to calculate probability distribution of
2987: This R script defines the 'getPrimarySegements' functions that takes in two arguments - "segs" and “
2988: This R script defines an anonymous or "death" version of the well characterization process. It takes in one argument, which
2989: This R script defines the "clean" filename cleaning functionality by splitting on periods and returning only first part of split string before period
2990: This R script defines an anonymous user feedback saving system that saves users' answers and gives them responses based on their inputted data
2991: A simple R script that calculates the dot products of two vectors. The input is expected to be provided as arguments and returns
2992: This R script calculates the maximum number of parts that can be created by subtracting one part from another. If there are
2993: This R script calculates the x coordinate of text in an image. The calculation is based on halfway between left and right
2994: This R script defines the 'setLibirftStartParams' functions which sets start and autostaur parameters to false.
2995: This R script updates an Oktavia settings. It takes in the current setting and key to be updated as well new
2996: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that checks if the absolute difference between two prices are less than some given
2997: This R script defines two functions that recursively find the maximum value in nested lists of numbers or numerics and handles various edge
2998: A simple R script that squares the inputted numbers.  Input is taken as an argument and output will be returned by it
2999: This R script defines the "seconds_too" to convert input in numerics into hours and minutes format with second precision using
3000: This R script checks if the action in any of "GET" or “LIST” using grepl() and regular expressions
3001: This R script creates an alternate weekday name based on the input. If altWeek is equal to B1, it returns
3002: This R script defines the 'getShortVersion' functio that takes in an input string of version number and returns it
3003: This R script calculates the Hamming distance between two strings. The difference is counted and returned as an integer value which represents
3004: This R script counts the number of occupied seats in an array representation where '.' represents empty and'#'' denotes occupancy
3005: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" user defined functions named 'myFun' that takes two arguments and calculates
3006: This R script calculates the finessey of an object based on its full screen resolution and foreground white noise standard deviation
3007: This is an implementation of the Gamma Encoding and Decode functions in R programming language, where each input value 'X
3008: This R script extract the filename from an URL using regular expressions and gSub() in combination with regex pattern to match file name
3009: This R script filters rows in an input string that start with "<" and ends after the first occurrence of any character other
3010: This R script converts an atom object into its string representation. It takes the display text, description and content of each element
3011: A simple R script that converts numerics into CSS length units, or leaves them as is otherwise – based on the
3012: This R script calculates the value of 'p' based on given values in parameters. The formula used is derived from an
3013: This R script defines the 'jsonKeyStr' to convert JSON keys into string format in case of numerics and data frames
3014: A recursive solution to calculate the cumulative total of numbers from ‘n’ downwards. The base case is when
3015: This R script converts sentences into tokens. It takes as input the sentence and returns an unlisted vector of first characters from
3016: This R script checks if the input coordinates are within bounds defined by two margins. The inputs include 'X' and
3017: This R script cleans the input file name by removing any extension and appending " - melody". It then returns an updated
3018: This R script calculates the percentage change in product prices. It takes two arguments; 'Price Ago' and "Current
3019: This R script processes Chinese literature data by extracting the third word from each sentence. The result is returned as an output of
3020: A simple comparison between two vectors. It returns -1 when the first vector is less than second one;  it will also
3021: This R script calculates the average speed and angle of two tracks given their speeds in one direction. The formula used is derived
3022: This R script defines the 'div' operation as defined in an earlier version of your program and then uses it to divide two
3023: Functions that normalize loss names. Converts the input string 'Loss' or any substring of it ('
3024: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "anonymous" functions that takes two arguments - list and index. It
3025: This R script defines the "Slideshow" body. It takes an object as input and returns its content in string format
3026: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be the integer
3027: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the string "DATA" and returns TRUE if
3028: This R script creates an array of strings from the input matrix. Each string is created by joining all elements within each sublist
3029: This R script calculates the power feed required based on input parameters. The calculation is done by multiplying volume of water fed
3030: This R script generates span tags with the given descriptions. If no input is provided it defaults to HOME and returns an HTML
3031: This R script defines the 'getSentiments' functions that takes in an input of sentiment score and returns either "Positive
3032: This R script creates an RGB hexadecimal string from the input integer. The output is in lowercase format, with
3033: A simple R script that calculates the square footage. It checks whether input is negative and stops execution in such case,
3034: This R script takes an input model string and splits it into separate components using underscores. It then pastes these
3035: This R script creates an object called 'runProjectCrossCheck' that takes three lists as input. It then iterates over
3036: This R script defines the ```function``` named 'SocketMemFromVars' that takes as input Ansbile variables
3037: This R script defines the 'sanitify id' or, in simpler terms,'function to clean up an integer input
3038: This R script defines the "function" named `flagIsTrue` that takes in one argument, which is expected as string
3039: This R script defines an input parameter resname and returns the corresponding atom names in terms of hydrophobic centers. It
3040: This R script counts the number of elements present within an input vector. The name "Count" is used to represent and increment
3041: This R script converts the input RGB color value from SRGB to linear space using an approximation formula based on whether or not
3042: This R script defines an anonymous or named "cmp\_float" that takes two arguments and compares them. If the
3043: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isDictionarySubset" that checks whether all elements of the first argument 'sup
3044: This R script defines an interpreted language that replaces all occurrences of '(' and')' with the character o.
3045: This R script defines the binning of minutes into 1, .49 and below or NA based on input value val
3046: This R script calculates the average of each element in three different ternary lists. The input is expected to be list
3047: This R script replaces all occurrences of specific numbers with another. The input string contains the original term and its replacement
3048: This R script calculates the minimum costs to climb one or two stairs at each level of climbing. The first stair is considered
3049: This R script checks if the unique together constraint in model signature is changed. It compares two models' meta data and returns
3050: This R script defines the "sanitify" or cleanup functions to remove URL prefixes and port numbers from an
3051: A simple R script to calculate the Manhatten distance between two points in 3D space. The input is an array
3052: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'divisor' that takes one argument. It creates and returns the first N natural
3053: This R script defines an anonymous or named "intervalCondition" that takes four arguments. It checks if the first argument falls within
3054: This R script checks whether the input object "object" contains any dot or period in its name, and returns TRUE when it
3055: This R script checks if there are .FLAC file extensions in the given directory and its subdirectories.  It returns
3056: This R script checks if the input 'temperature' is within acceptable range of −978°F to +4
3057: This R script defines the 'getProvenenceRecord' object which generates an oneline description about correlation analysis. The input
3058: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'function' named `dict`. The argument passed to it is
3059: This R script defines the 'formalized' format string transformation. It takes an input of '%s', then replaces
3060: This R script defines the 'sampling details' functionality. It takes in one argument, which is expected to be an object
3061: This R script takes in an input list of strings and returns the same output as if it were printed with tabs between each string
3062: This R script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two RGB colors. It takes as input 3 values representing Red Green
3063: This R script checks whether two vectors of weights are equal or one vector's weight values dominates the other. If they
3064: This R script defines an 'calc' or named "calculation" of the cost associated with electricity usage. It takes
3065: This R script defines the FiboAtPosition() Function. The purpose of it is to calculate and provide output at specific
3066: This R script creates an ordinals from numbers. It takes in one argument 'n' and returns the number with its corresponding
3067: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the URL validation checker. It checks whether or not given string starts
3068: This R script defines an SQL INSERT query with multiple rows. The result is that the data will be inserted into specified database and
3069: This R script checks if two given intervals overlap. If they do not intersect at any point then it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE or
3070: This R script defines an overlapping area calculation between two boxes. The input is the coordinates of each rectangle and its dimensions respectively
3071: This R script defines an ROIs calculation based on the input parameters zig and yellow green channels of images using constants as defined
3072: This R script defines the 'single_numbers' functions that takes an integer vector as input and returns one of its elements
3073: This R script defines an 'append tag' or "appender" that takes two arguments - image tags and strings to be
3074: This is the definition of an R script that subtracts two vectors from each other. The result will be another vector with
3075: This R script defines the 'multipy' matrix product operation which is similar to elementwise multiplications of two matrices where
3076: This R script defines the 'getTollsPath' Function. It takes three arguments - tolls dataframe and points
3077: This R script calculates the present value of an investment with given compound interests. The formula used is PV = Fv
3078: This R script rearranges the elements of an input vector based on its index. The first element is moved to position '
3079: This R script defines the 'getVerbRoot' Function. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an irregular
3080: This R script takes in an input string and splits it into two parts using the "->>" delimiter. It
3081: This R script defines the 'tuple' as an ordered collection of elements. The comparison between two tuples is done
3082: This R script defines the 'mapQuads' mapping from integer coordinates to quadrilateral symbols. The input is an argument
3083: This R script is designed to extract HPO terms from the inputted dataframe 'df'. If no argument or NULL value
3084: This R script calculates the wrapped value of an input number within given minimum and maximum values. The difference between max & min
3085: This R script initializes the state of skills. It takes four arguments - "Name", “Origin” and two parameters
3086: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that retrieves the gateway address of specified interface from given 'Context' object
3087: This R script checks if the input DNA sequence string matches its reverse complement. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
3088: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one argument functions that takes in vector of field names and returns the appropriate error message
3089: This R script defines the `getSearchModels` Function. It takes an argument of type vector and returns concatenated string with
3090: A simple R script to calculate padding. It takes four arguments namely the type of paddings ('same' or valid'),
3091: This R script checks whether the given filename ends with ".targz" or".txtarGZ."  It returns
3092: A simple R script that retrieves the value of an element in 'dictionary' format from user input. If there is
3093: This R script defines the 'countRestrictedPartitons' recursive functions that counts all possible partitions of n into
3094: A simple R script to calculate the failure rate. If there are no tests run then it returns "NA". Otherwise calculates
3095: This R script creates an IP configuration ID string using the provided parameters in one line of text – it's used to
3096: This R script creates and returns an object with the specified data. The 'execute_script' is used to get some sample
3097: A simple R script that calculates the product of two vectors and returns their respective sums. The variables 'dot' is defined
3098: This R script defines an 'add' operation on the "Session" object. The new variable is named as per user input
3099: This R script checks whether the input path starts with 'https' or not. If it does startswith https then returns
3100: This R script calculates the cube of each number in an input vector, then divides by its cubic root. The
3101: This is an implementation of the conversion from color model in rgb to hsv using mathematical formulas and simplified version with only three
3102: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that checks whether the message dictionary contains information about its associated Stack Name and
3103: This R script computes the number of edges each node has. The input is expected to be an adjacency matrix representation
3104: This R script builds an URI by replacing all slashes with tilde characters and appending the required components to it as per
3105: This R script creates an anonymous inline Turing complete language interpreter. It replaces the pipe character (" | ") with vertical
3106: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional computation that calculates the sequence of integers from -n to +m
3107: This R script calculates the slope of an equation using linear regression. The input parameters are 'x' and coefficient value from
3108: This R script calculates the number of transferring cities in an array. The first and last city should be different to avoid
3109: This R script cleans up the input string by removing non-".","","[" and "]" characters. It also removes "-
3110: This R script defines the 'flattener' or "unfolding" recursive functions that flats nested lists into
3111: This R script checks whether the input number is 'subsahl' by comparing each digit with its next one. If
3112: This R script defines an anonymous comparison method that compares two strings. It returns -1 when the first string is less than
3113: A simple R script to calculate the bet profit.  The input parameters are 'Top', which is your stake and you want
3114: This R script defines an "as_num" or numerically equivalent of the input argument, which is assumed not be NA
3115: A simple R script that takes two arguments and returns the position of text in another string. It uses negative indexing to find
3116: A recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as n<=0, and
3117: This R script defines an "oddBox" or named func that takes three arguments - 'functionName', the size of your
3118: This R script converts the standard deviation to Gamma scale using inverse of square root method, which is commonly used in statistics
3119: This R script defines an anonymous or "on line" comparison. It takes two points and the point to compare against as input
3120: A R shiny application that displays the hash of each transaction in blocks and their timestamps or proof number based on whether
3121: This R script defines the 'getShell' functions that returns an array of zeros or ones based on input string. The
3122: Safegaurd is creating an URL by appending '/' to the base execution url and adding "Polices" at its
3123: This R script defines the 'getXTitle' Function. It takes an input parameter and returns one of three strings based on
3124: This R script converts an input value to either integer or float depending on whether it is numerically representable by the respective
3125: A simple R script that sets the global variable 'VERSION' to an input parameter.  This is useful in setting up scripts
3126: This R script defines the `guess_typo` to check whether input values are either NA or numerical and returns them
3127: A simple R script to calculate the GINI index of an input vector. The calculation is based on frequency distribution and assumes
3128: This R script calculates the miles per gallon equivalent of an inputted value in liters/hundreds kilometres
3129: This R script checks if the current epoch number falls into an evaluation period. The '%%' operator in Python calculates mod
3130: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes two arguments and returns the logical result of comparing them to each
3131: This R script checks if one specific time is before another in the format of YYYY/MMDD and returns TRUE or
3132: This R script maps the input values from one range into another. The mapping is done by scaling and shifting based on minimum value
3133: This R script defines an 'combineLines' or simply named as `Combined LINES`. It takes
3134: This R script defines an anonymous or named vector of four numbers that corresponds to the coordinates in different regions. The input parameter region
3135: A simple R script that prints "Hi" followed by the input parameter.  It uses paste to combine strings in an efficient
3136: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in one argument - "boxID" and returns the same value
3137: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that returns two colors based on the input white player id and other players
3138: This R script converts ANSI color codes in the input string to plain text. It uses regular expressions and backslash
3139: This R script checks the user'ss guess against their correct answers. If they match it returns zero and ends game with remaining
3140: A simple R script that calculates the total loss.  The three parameters are used to calculate and returns their summation as
3141: This R script converts numbers from “one” to the next in sequence. For example, input of 'A'
3142: This R script defines an anonymous combination calculation. It takes two arguments n and r where 'combination' is calculated between the
3143: This R script creates an output string in the format 'MM/DD/{YY}'. The functions `paste` and conditional
3144: This R script defines the 'formatDuration' to convert minutes into hours and remaining seconds.  The input is in integer form
3145: This R script maps CSCC specific fields to common ones. It checks the presence of required keys and adds missing mapping entries into
3146: This R script checks whether the given package name matches any of three specific patterns. If it does, returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE
3147: This R script checks whether the input object is an instance of one or more specific classes derived from sspRhino::
3148: This R script defines the "getArgV" or command line argument extractor. It takes in an input string cmd and
3149: This R script splits the input string into two parts based on '-' character and returns second part of split strings in case
3150: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called '`'code'. The `if else statements and loops are
3151: This R script checks whether the input string 's' only contains whitespaces. It does so by using grepl() to
3152: This R script defines the 'function' named "levell to power" which converts levels of measurement into powers based on
3153: This R script defines an anonymous, one argument only functions that allows the user to set access control allow methods.  The input
3154: This R script defines an anonymous or inline functions that map each nucleic acid base in DNA into its complementary. If the
3155: This R script defines the 'whittle' dictionary operation. It takes in two arguments - an existing data structure and one or
3156: This R script defines the 'getBeta' functions that calculates BETA based on given parameters such as Intraclass
3157: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes the result directory as input and returns its path to linear regression
3158: A simple R script that converts RGB colors to hexadecimal.  The input is an integer vector of length three
3159: This R script defines the 'scale' or multiplier operation on three elements of an input vector. The result is returned as
3160: A R script to calculate the values of M and Q in equation "M = 1/sqrt((x+y)/3
3161: This R script calculates the size of an object by considering its elements and their alignment. It uses two vectors to store values
3162: This R script defines an anonymous, one line JavaScript/R functions that takes in the 'Service ID' as input and returns
3163: A simple transformation that multiplies each step by an inputted 'value' and then takes modulo with another constant. This
3164: This R script checks whether there is any leading '...' in the string. If yes then it returns true otherwise false based
3165: A simple R script that converts Farenheight to Celsius or Kelvin based on the input unit type provided
3166: This R script defines the 'blend' functions which takes three colors as input and blends them using linear interpolation.
3167: This R script calculates the mean of an array. The input is expected to be numbers and it returns rounded off value as
3168: This R script converts strings to boolean values. It takes in one argument, which should be either "Yes", “
3169: This R script defines an anonymous or named "clamp" that takes three arguments - 'minimum', the lower limit of range
3170: This R script defines the 'smallest number' as finding and returning minimum of three numbers.  It is named "min
3171: This R script defines three functions that calculate the cubic polynomial of degree 4. The first calculates y = B[i
3172: This R script defines the 'keyBindings' object which is used to map keyboard shortcuts. The keys are represented as
3173: This R script calculates the Chi Square statistic with 3 outcomes and frequencies. The formula is derived from Wikipedia'a
3174: This R script defines the following functions. The first one takes four parameters representing coordinates of bounding box and returns their aspect ratios
3175: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'difference' operation. It takes two numbers as input
3176: This R script defines an updated Q value based on the reward and discount factor. The formula used is α*(R+
3177: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" functions that checks whether the input number is evenly divisible by two.
3178: This R script calculates the Lande geometric mean of two vectors. The input parameters are four numeric values and it returns
3179: This R script creates an anonymous or "no filter" version of the given 'vote' functions. It takes in five
3180: This R script checks whether the input string is in PEM format. It does so by checking that it starts and ends with
3181: This R script converts the URL and HTTP Method into one string using "-" as separator with all characters in lowercase
3182: This R script creates an SSH task to log the last 15 lines of Docker container. The details are passed as
3183: This R script defines an 'exclude'函数 that takes two arguments - the input vector and to be excluded from
3184: This R script defines an extraction of the third element from each list object. The extracted elements are stored into another vector 'Z
3185: This R script converts class names in Java style. It takes as input the name of an object and returns it formatted according
3186: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form of the mathematical expression. The input parameters are 'X', which
3187: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument, month. It returns the corresponding numeric representation
3188: This R script defines an anonymous or named "triangle" number generator. The input is the 'N' value, and it
3189: This R script defines the 'bump' version functionality which allows to increment major/ minor or micro versions of an inputted
3190: A simple R script that converts seconds into millisecond. This is done by multiplying the input with 'scale'. The
3191: This R script converts OpenGL coordinates to Google Maps query format. It takes the following parameters and returns two values in
3192: This R script creates an extracts the extension of file names from input files in one line using strspilt and then returns
3193: A simple R script that defines and runs an anonymous ("one line") functions.  It takes in one argument, "hello
3194: This R script checks if the user has two factor authentication disabled in GitHub's API response data and returns TRUE or FALSE
3195: A simple R script to calculate the Factorial of an input number. The result is returned as output from within that same routine
3196: A simple wrapper around the R print() method that allows setting verbosity level. If set to true, it will behave as
3197: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed, one line version of the `questionInput` prompting users whether they want
3198: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes one argument, 'FCK'. If FKC is
3199: This R script defines the mathematical operation 'gradient' which is calculated by subtracting one point from another and dividing that result
3200: This R script defines an error correction mechanism that calculates the minimum of two probabilities to be considered as errors. The idea is
3201: A simple R script that converts the title into lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and removes all upper case
3202: This R script calculates the overlap between two spans. It takes as input vectors of length 4 representing intervals and returns
3203: This R script defines an anonymous ("inline") or "one line" version of the `baseComplements` operation in DNA
3204: This R script creates an object named "getRelevantData" that takes in one argument - the input dictionary. The output
3205: This R script defines the 'trycatch' block to predict using any given machine learning or deeplearning models. If an exception
3206: This R script converts DNA strands from "." to 0, "-" into -ve numbers and vice versa
3207: This R script creates an unioned EHR dataframe. The input is the 'Table ID'. It will create and return
3208: This R script generates and returns the string of genre names separated by commas.  It takes as input an vector 'gen
3209: This is an implementation of the yield calculation formula in Python using functions and variables defined by user input parameters FMtab ,ApMin
3210: This R script defines the 'signnum' or binary operator that returns one if input is negative and zero otherwise; it then
3211: This R script calculates the value of ε*[i/(N)] using given parameters.  The result is an
3212: This R script defines an 'melt' or "minimum" calculation. It takes four arguments - the rate of heat transfer
3213: This R script defines the `get_wiindirection` as an input parameter which returns string based on given integer. It
3214: This R script converts all ampersand characters in the input string to HTML encoded versions. The output is an altered version
3215: This R script calculates the mean longitude of sunrise and sunset times in one Julian century based on an inputted
3216: This R script is used to modify the 'beforeSendToSENTRY' parameter in Splunk. It modifies
3217: This R script defines the 'getAutomaticalParalleliztionOptions' functioN that takes two arguments
3218: This R script defines the 'scale' functioN that scales an input value within one range to another. The formula
3219: This R script calculates the average of numbers in an input vector.  It uses builtin functions to calculate sum and length
3220: This R script defines the 'get\_t ts' type of Tokenizer. It takes as input an object named "
3221: This R script defines an 'getSource' Function that takes two arguments - the "provider" and optional argument named as
3222: This R script defines the 'countSimulationsProblemBatched' procedure. It takes three arguments - number of simulation
3223: This R script defines an object named 't' that takes three arguments - current training phase and total number of phases in the
3224: This R script parses an input string into integer list using strSplit and then converts the resulting character vector to integers with
3225: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line version of the 'roundUpToPowerOfTwo' procedure. It
3226: This R script checks whether the input string "TACOCAT" reads same backwards as forward. It does so by comparing
3227: This R script checks if two intervals intersect. If they do not it returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE is returned based on the comparison
3228: This R script checks and fixes names that start with numbers. It replaces the first character of any string starting from number to
3229: This R script converts dictionary to BOTO  tags format. It takes as input the name of an AWS resource and
3230: This R script defines an event structure with two players. The `mock` functions create these events and assigns them to variables
3231: This R script checks whether the input is an empty string or not. If it's either, then returns FALSE; otherwise
3232: This R script defines the 'function' named "repCount" that checks whether an object is recursively defined or not using
3233: This R script cleans up labels by replacing certain dangerous strings with safe alternatives and converting some special characters to their equivalent X's
3234: This R script finds direct conflicts between two sets of operations. It checks each operation from the first set against all other non-"
3235: This R script removes extra white spaces from strings in an array of input using regular expressions and returns NA when there are no characters
3236: This R script filters out non numerics values in the input vector and returns integer version of those numbers, else it just keeps
3237: This R script converts all underscores to upper case. It splits the input string into an array of substrings
3238: This R script calculates the minimum steps to reach from one point towards another using Manhattan Distance. It uses binary search
3239: This R script checks if the candidates vector intersects with any of those in 'protect' list. If it does then returns
3240: This R script calculates the mean score of movies. It takes as input an object 'movie' with columns "title
3241: This R script converts backslashes (\), double quotes (" and carriage returns ('') to their safe JSON equivalent.
3242: This R script cleans the URL by replacing all spaces with '%' symbols. It is used to cleanse data before feeding it
3243: This R script defines an unnamed user defined SElIG profile. The name of the Seligi Profile is returned as "
3244: This R script defines the 'Cobb Dough' model. It takes as input two data frames - one with factor
3245: This R script defines the `swipe` or swap operation. It takes two characters as input and replaces all occurre
3246: This R script creates an anonymous or "transposed" version of the inputted 3D array. The output is another
3247: This R script defines the scaling factor based on an input parameter 'Order'. The ordering of factors is as follows, with higher
3248: This R script defines the 'state' Schema. The purpose of defining such an object is to provide structure and validation rules
3249: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functionalities that checks whether the input is numerics and wraps it in
3250: This R script defines the `defaultLogConfig` which sets up logging configuration based on verbosity input from user and returns it
3251: This R script defines an anonymous or named "searchKeyForDictionary" that takes in one argument - the input parameter is expected
3252: This R script defines the "pretty" version of nodes in an arbitrary tree structure. The input is assumed to be two elements
3253: This R script calculates the cross product of two vectors. The input to it is 4 elements vector 'U' and
3254: This R script calculates the margin of error in boiling temperature using an approximation and real measurements. The formula is calculated as
3255: This R script defines the 'normalized' version of input string. It replaces all whitespace characters with underscores
3256: This R script cleans up the input string by removing all non numeric characters.  It does so using regular expressions to identify
3257: This R script splits the input URL into its components and returns them in an orderly manner separated by slashes ('//
3258: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the Euclidean Distance calculation between two points in 3D space.
3259: This R script checks whether the input data frame, 'df', has no rows or not by using an IF ELSE statement
3260: This Python script converts the input values into booleans. If first element is greater than second divided by third, it
3261: This R script defines the `quotes` functions that takes an argument as string and returns it wrapped in double quotation marks
3262: This R script calculates the number of even numbers in an inputted vector and then multiplies it by one less than its
3263: This R script defines an 'if none' type of conditional statement that checks whether the input is null or not and returns either
3264: This R script defines an 'compare' orchestrator that takes two arguments - the entry and number to be compared against
3265: This R script calculates the sum of all multiples between zero and n that are either divisible by three or five.
3266: This R script computes the phase error between two angles. It takes as input residual and observed angle values in degrees; it
3267: This R script sorts two input lists and finds the common elements between them. The output is also sorted in ascending order as
3268: A simple R script that returns an object with the message as its attribute.  This is useful when debugging and testing functions
3269: This R script calculates the equivalent of diethylamine in mg/dl based on inputted concentration, which is assumed
3270: This R script converts the .PO file extension to source (.src or pot files).  It takes as input an absolute
3271: This R script defines the 'getSignificanceCount' to count significant values in an input vector. It starts from end
3272: This R script checks whether the input 'organization id' is present in claims. If not, it returns TRUE; otherwise
3273: This Python script defines an anonymous or "lambda" version of the PythaGorian theorem checker. It takes three
3274: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functional form to convert distance measurements from miles/nautical mile into pixels
3275: This R script defines an anonymous or named "peak filter" that takes in one argument, x and returns TRUE if the
3276: This R script calculates the hazard of avoiding future head collisions in an environment. It takes two arguments - 'Future Head'
3277: A simple R script that creates and returns an object with specific attributes. The 'construct' is used to create the required data
3278: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in the label as input and returns only first part of it
3279: This R script calculates the coefficient of variation based on an inputted minimum and maximum values. The formula used is derived from
3280: A simple R script to calculate the Euclidian distance between two points in 3D space using vectorized operations and
3281: A simple HTML collapsed functionality using R.  Code takes two arguments - 'summaries' and "Details". It
3282: This R script converts all non alphabetic characters in the input string to empty strings, effectively removing any punctuation
3283: This R script defines an 'sex selection' or simply, the name of our program. It takes one input parameter and returns
3284: This R script defines the 'getBaseClassfication' funtion that takes an input string and returns its base classification.
3285: This R script converts dots to underscores in the inputted strings using gsub() from base r package, which
3286: This R script calculates the speed of an object by subtracting its initial position from it'ss final one and dividing
3287: This R script defines an 'accuracy' calculation. It takes two vectors of equal lengths as input and returns the proportion/
3288: This R script checks whether two sequences are equal within the given 'distance' between them. It converts both input strings to
3289: A simple R script that takes an object of class "data.frame" as input and returns the login attribute from it,
3290: This R script defines the 'getInfoString' Function. The purpose of it is to take an input dataframe and convert
3291: This R script creates an inline HTML tag to wrap the input string in 'strong' tags.  The output is then printed
3292: This R script calculates the percentage of residue similarity between contigs. It takes as input an object containing information about multiple
3293: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one argument functions that returns the product of two elements when given either dsm ("
3294: "Creates an HTML formatted blue colored box around the input string"  Code explanation and usage example.  ```R,
3295: A simple R script that divides two numbers and rounds the result to nearest whole number using an anonymous or lambda/function
3296: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the name of one argument which is assumed to
3297: This R script defines an anonymous or named vector of strings that represent the names in different quarters. If 'test' is passed
3298: This R script defines the 'grep' command to replace all backslashes with dots in file paths. The result is
3299: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or inline functions. The defined behavior is to take two inputs and calculate the sum of
3300: This R script defines the `splitNumberAndUnit` functions which splits an input string into two parts - numeric part
3301: This R script defines the 'job' tasks. It takes in configuration as input and returns task names from that configurations object if
3302: This is an example of how to create and use the 'stack' or nested functions in R. The given task was simply
3303: A simple R script that takes an input string and returns it.  This is just to demonstrate the basic structure of how functions
3304: This R script defines an anonymous or named "clipFloat" that takes three arguments - two defining the range of acceptable values and
3305: This R script defines an 'getLossRate' or shortened as "GetLR" that calculates the learning rate
3306: Convert temperature from degrees Celcius to Fahrenheit using the formula ∑°CF = 9/6
3307: This R script converts the input in degree format to decimal. It takes three arguments - 'degree', which is an integer
3308: This R script creates an "force slash" version of the input string. It replaces all backslashes with forward
3309: This R script checks if the input string starts with "https" or ' http '. It does so by using grepl()
3310: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes in one argument - the company ticker symbol and returns its financial
3311: This Python script creates an HTTP URL from the provided Solarium Credential object. The returned string is formatted as http[
3312: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. The `pluralise` is defined to take two arguments -
3313: This is the implementation of Diracs' algorithm in R. It takes four arguments - t which represents time and frequency at each
3314: This R script defines the 'get_close' angle, which takes an input and returns its closest multiple of ten. If
3315: This R script defines an input parameter, media type. It then returns the corresponding string representation of that value based on its content
3316: This R script defines the 'thermalConductivityCarbSteels' functional form, which calculates and returns carbon
3317: A closure is created in the form of an anonymous inner or nested functions. The outer and innermost are passed as arguments
3318: This R script defines the 'beam' curve model. The input parameters are two numbers - one is used as an initial
3319: This R script defines an anonymous or named "posNeg" that takes three arguments - two numbers and one logical value. If
3320: A simple recursive implementation of the FactoriaL calculation. It calculates n! = "number" * ((Number -
3321: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional subroutine called 'subtraction' that takes two arguments and returns the
3322: This R script checks if the input 'object' s, which should be either an atomic vector or list of two data frames
3323: This R script defines the 'Largerst Product' of all sublists within given input. The LARGEST
3324: This R script checks whether two vectors have any shared elements. If they do and the number of these same items is more than
3325: This R script calculates the value of contacts based on given parameters 'epsilon' and maximum contact rate ('max_contact').
3326: This R script defines the 'toFloatHours' Function. It takes three arguments - an integer representing hour value and two
3327: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional difference paths. It takes two strings as input and returns TRUE only when the path
3328: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes as input an arbitrary list and returns its
3329: This R script inverts the string value of variable 'how' from left to right and vice versa. The input
3330: This R script calculates the percentage of one number out from another by multiplying them and then dividing it with some constant
3331: This R script defines the 'decode' network. The input is expected to be in string format with ~ as separator between
3332: This R script converts an array of HEX values to unsigned integer in little endian format using the 'hex' package
3333: A simple R script that defines an 'subtraction' operation using the built in `if` and logical conditions to check
3334: This R script defines the transformation of bounding box coordinates. The input parameters are four numbers representing top left corner and bottom right
3335: This R script checks the HTTP Status of Qur’s Answerdance. If “item” exists then returns
3336: This R script defines an 'continuous actuation' force based on the first element of input vector "Action". The value
3337: This R script checks whether one large vector is subset of another. If the size difference between two vectors are more than 1
3338: A simple R script that ignores certain conditions.  It checks whether the condition "if exists('last extras', '
3339: This R script defines the Lorenzenza transformation. The user can specify parameters to calculate an inverse of it using 'l
3340: This R script defines the 'getMaxWidth' functio, which takes as input an array of strings and returns maximum
3341: This R script calculates the distance between two points using linear regression model and returns it as an output in one single number format
3342: This R script defines the 'get attack Id' functionality which is used to fetch log player attacks and take damage logs based on
3343: A simple R script to calculate the Dot Product of two vectors.  The input is expected as arguments and returns their product
3344: This R script creates an object named 'array' from the input string, which is assumed to be of type Array in nature
3345: This R script defines an 'verify boot' or simply named `function` that takes in the input string of Boot Code
3346: A simple R script to generate Kubernetes command line commands.  It takes the path of your local .yaml file
3347: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getDateTimeFromTimestamp" that takes in one argument - the input string of format
3348: This R script checks if the EC instance's product description contains "VPN" or not.  It returns TRUE/
3349: This R script creates an anonymous behavior ID based on the name and associated Team id. The output is in format of 'Name
3350: This R script defines an 'aboveRange' Function that checks whether the test value is greater than or equal to "center"
3351: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "toBaseN" functions that converts numbers from any given numerical system
3352: This R script defines an 'authority' named `taxa`. The input is expected to be the name of one
3353: This R script checks if the input 'Key' is available in predefined list of keys. The validity check includes all
3354: This R script defines an ASINT() or "As Integer" conversion functions that converts text to numerics, but only
3355: This R script defines an 'obeterTamnah' that takes as input the dimensions of any matrix and returns its
3356: This R script defines the 'divisor' or factorial of an input number. It uses iteration to find factors and returns
3357: This R script defines an 'replace' conditional that replaces the specified condition in data frame.  It takes four arguments -
3358: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getHomeShiftLogUrl()" that takes two arguments - 'Season' and
3359: A R Shiny app that converts datetime to Date format using the default value when an exception occurs in case of invalid input
3360: This R script checks if the input string starts with "https" or not. It returns TRUE when it finds an HTTP URL
3361: This R script checks if the "_access", which might be used to denote public access in some contexts or data sources. The
3362: This R script removes non printables characters from the input string. It uses regular expressions to identify and replace these unwanted symbols
3363: This R script calculates the difference between square of sums and Sum Squares. It takes an input 'Number' which
3364: This R script defines an "ee" object that contains three lists, each containing the bands used in different sentiments. The
3365: This R script defines an 'round down' operation that rounds the input number to its nearest lower multiple of given integer. The
3366: A simple R script that converts dates into their corresponding day of the weekend using numerics instead and vice versa based on
3367: This R script defines the "getCommandHelpMessage" to handle different commands and returns appropriate messages. If it'll be
3368: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'getScope' that takes in one argument, which is expected to be either all
3369: This R script calculates the sleep factor based on how many readings are ready to be processed and total number of scan back
3370: This R script defines an 'detect' language detection algorithm. It checks the input string to see whether it contains certain keywords
3371: This R script defines an 'getRegion' Function that takes in one argument - the name of region. It splits it
3372: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called 'cc' that takes two arguments. If the second argument is
3373: This R script calculates the square of an input number until it reaches 9. The result is returned by using 'return
3374: A simple R script that generates an array of RGB color codes based on the inputted vector. The first and last elements are
3375: A recursive R programming solution to count the number of digtis in an inputted integer. The base case is when '
3376: This R script defines the 'flattern review' functionalities. It takes an object of class "reviews" and returns
3377: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the input object, named as `policy` in its parameters has
3378: This R script adds the new value of an element in 'change' to another vector. The result is returned as list with
3379: This R script saves the string to specified location as bytes.  The output is returned along with its path in case you need
3380: This R script creates an URL string from the names of Wikipedia documents using paste and separator 'sep' as defined by user
3381: This R script defines the 'anagram' orchester that checks whether two input strings are indeed one and only ones which
3382: A linear interpolation between two points. The third argument 'U' is the fraction of way from point `A` to
3383: This R script defines an IP address parser that converts the input string into its integer representation by splitting it at each period and
3384: This R script removes all spaces from the inputted strings. It uses greply and regular expressions to find consecutive double space characters
3385: A simple R script to perform Quantization of data.  It takes in the input as numeric vector and returns an integer
3386: This R script splits an input string into individual elements based on the ":" character and returns them as separate list items in
3387: A simple R script to replace quotation marks from text strings with nothing using regular expressions and the `grep` command or
3388: This R script creates an anonymous ("lambda") or inline"function". The lambda functions are used to create short and simple
3389: This R script defines the 'finds' and returns all characters that appear at least once between two input strings. The find
3390: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional computation that calculates the cubic interpolation of input 'X'.  The formula
3391: This R script defines the 'getRequestMethod' which returns HTTP request methods as per environment variables in an inputted envir
3392: This R script defines the 'sphere' object, which calculates and returns square of summation. The input is an
3393: This R script writes the input 'STRING' to an output text or binary files at specified path. The result is TRUE if
3394: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getPathParameters" that takes as input the list of all available system arguments.
3395: This R script defines an anonymous or "collisions" functions that checks if the minimum value in 'distances' list is
3396: A simple R script that performs arithmetic operations based on the sign of an instruction.  It takes two values and returns their
3397: A R script that converts an input timestamp in nanoseconds to seconds. The output is formatted as "x"
3398: This R script defines the 'getNewCoordinate' functions that takes in two parameters; an initial set of x and y
3399: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized version of the "divisor" operation. It takes as input one number
3400: This R script defines an argument with defaults and merges it into the command line arguments using argparse package from CRAN'
3401: This R script builds and returns the filters needed to filter data based on categories. The input is an integer representing number of players
3402: This R script checks if the item name starts with specified 'Prefix' and ends in given `Suffix`. If
3403: A simple R script that converts an integer to its hexadecimal representation. If the input is negative, it stops
3404: This R script calculates the sum of products between each pair's first element and square root part from second. The result
3405: This R script defines an anonymous ("inline") or named functional form of the 'ji' to integer mapping. The input is
3406: This R script defines the 'retrieve earnings' or "re" functionality. It takes three arguments; base salary ('bre
3407: This R script defines the 'defaultDict' object which is used to fill missing values with user defined fallback or initial
3408: This R script calculates the square of Euclidean Distance between two 3D points. The input is expected to be
3409: This R script calculates the number of years it takes to compile an object based on its timestamp. The input is in seconds
3410: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'stripLineEnding' command in Python. It takes as
3411: This R script generates prime numbers up to the number specified by 'getPrime' argument. It uses an iterative approach
3412: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the longitude and/or Latitudes are within specified boundaries.
3413: This R script defines the 'function' named `Task 8` which takes an input and returns its absolute value or revers
3414: This R script calculates the ceiling division of two numbers. It uses negative modulus operator to find quotient and then neg
3415: This is the definition of an equation that calculates time delay in terms on Earth's radius from Sun using distance to star
3416: This R script parses the data from an inputted object. The output is returned as "result" variable in case of
3417: This R script takes an array of vectors as input and returns the same output with each vector being randomly permuted. The first
3418: This R script builds an output list from the input vector of vectors using lappy and unlists functions in combination with 's
3419: This R script defines the 'get\_elements' method that retrieves coordinates of specific elements in an inputted mapping. The
3420: This R script converts the input number into float type using as numerics() and removing NA values with argument 'na.
3421: This R script converts Eulers angles to Quatternions using the formulae of rotation matrices and quaternn
3422: This R script calculates the Siegel equation'S parameters. The input is frequency vector ' frets ', fundamental period
3423: This R script calculates the length of longest prefix that both strings share. It does so by comparing characters from each string up
3424: This R script defines an 'if' statement that checks the input parameters to determine whether they are valid or not and then returns
3425: This R script checks whether the input string contains any Unicodes that are not safe to use with BMP emojies
3426: This R script defines an overlaying check between two regions. It checks if the chromosomes of both inputted data
3427: This R script creates an anonymous or "encapuslateName()" functions that takes in the input as string and returns it
3428: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in string s and checks whether it is of type POS
3429: This R script normalizes the input string by converting it into lowercase and removing underscores. If initializing with Node
3430: This R script reverses the order of names in an input string. It takes as its argument one comma separated value representing full
3431: This R script applies the given cryptographic algorithm to encrypt or decipher text using provided keys.  The input is two
3432: This R script defines an anonymous or named "strip" that takes in one argument, 'string', and returns the string with
3433: This R script defines the 'flatten' or unnesting operation. It takes an arbitrary list as its argument and returns
3434: This R script defines an anonymous ("lambda") or "inline" version of the 'replace' operation. It takes three arguments
3435: This R script converts the keys of an object that is distributed across multiple modules into one single module. It does so by
3436: This R script defines an algorithm to compute the square root of input numbers. The initial value is set as halfway between two
3437: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in the name of file and returns two filnames based on
3438: This R script defines an IOUs calculation between two boxes. The input is expected to be four vectors representing the coordinates of each
3439: A simple linear regression model using the GOR formula.  The input parameters are x and y values to be predicted by our
3440: This R script calculates the difference between two vectors and then squares each element of that resultant vector. It finally returns their
3441: This R script defines the 'formatParty' functions that takes in party names and returns them formatted as per requirements ie
3442: This R script defines an 'detectDepth' that counts the number of times consecutive elements are greater than their previous element.
3443: This R script counts the number of occupied cells in an input matrix. It uses sfApply() to apply each row and
3444: This R script calculates the product of all intervals between each element and its index. The result is an array where every number
3445: This R script is designed to generate an appropriate message when there're errors in the input data or parameters passed into it,
3446: This R script splits the input string into an array of individual elements. The output is one element vector where each word from
3447: This R script converts the first character of each word to upper case and leaves all other characters as is. It does so
3448: This R script calculates the TF value based on Salary inputted by user, using precalculated constants and formula
3449: This R script defines the Fiboancci sequence as per its definition in mathematics, which starts with two zeros
3450: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that converts between states of 'true' and ‘false’
3451: This R script defines an Earthengine API collection of bands. The user can specify which band names to include in the
3452: This R script defines the mathematical model of spherical geometry. The input parameters are radius and azimuthal angle in radians
3453: This R script defines the 'willBeVerticalLine' which checks if there is at least one row in input vector that
3454: This R script defines an escaping LaTeX special characters in the input string. It replaces underscores (_),
3455: This R script checks if the input string "is palin" or not. It removes all spaces and non alphanumer
3456: This R script reverses the order of all individual elements in an inputted sentence. It does so by splitting up each word
3457: This is an implementation of the tolower() built in R language. It takes as input one string and returns that same text
3458: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the key press checker that checks if input k represents valid character string
3459: This R script defines an average bias calculation. It takes three arguments - the initial mean of biases and two vectors containing sentence
3460: This R script defines an upwards casting checker that checks whether one data object's size can be cast to another without
3461: This R script defines an anonymous or "exotic" version of the full sky calculation, which is based on some mathematical formula
3462: This R script defines the 'validate bool' as an input validation. It takes in one argument and checks whether it is either
3463: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'nb_yeas' algorithm. The user provides
3464: This R script defines an 'apply_color' orchestrator that applies different colored output to the console. It uses
3465: This is the implementation of an efficient merging algorithm. It takes two lists as input and returns their merged version in sorted order
3466: This R script defines the 'getKey()'. It takes two arguments - myDict and value. The purpose of it
3467: This R script checks whether the input is valid or invalid using Luhn' algorithm to validate credit cards numbers with one line of
3468: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes three arguments - the 'tool' to be used and its
3469: This R script checks whether the input value "<code>" can be considered as valid writability status in an experiment or
3470: A simple R script that checks the value of an input against its min and max values. If it's within range then
3471: This R script defines an external URL generator that replaces the string 'Django IRODS' with another specific word in
3472: This R script defines the 'getLogFileName' that takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an absolute path of
3473: This R script defines the 'handleReConRuleParams' functions that handles parameters related to recon rule, such as filter id
3474: A simple recursive implementation of the "Acker's Function" without memozation. It calculates an output based
3475: This R script checks whether the input string 'config' contains at least three dots. If it does not contain exactly two or
3476: This R script checks if the sum of two numbers is evenly divided by another number. It does so using modulus operator
3477: This R script defines the 'question' object. The purpose of defining it is to store information about nodes in an interactive graph
3478: This R script is designed to replace $ and . characters with the appropriate character or string based on user input parameters using Mongo
3479: This R script defines two functions, one using recursion to calculate the Fibonacci sequence and another that uses dynamic
3480: A simple R script to extract the query string from URL using regular expressions and replace it with an empty character (" ") in place
3481: A simple R script that uses escape sequences to print bold and underlined text. The "bprint" is an alias of
3482: This R script converts an ellipsis's rotation angles to the equivalent yaws of robots. The conversion is
3483: The given functions are used to handle different types of input data in R programming language such as numeric values and logical/character
3484: This R script defines the 'searchCodTreeIsLeftSub' which checks whether all elements in an input word are present as
3485: This R script defines the 'total' condition as sum of cubes and normalizes input parameters to be between −�
3486: This R script defines an "lower" object that converts all characters in the input text to their corresponding ASCII values,
3487: A simple R script that checks if the given time is an even number and whether or not someone talks during it. If both
3488: This R script defines the 'moment' to center transformation. The input is an object of class "moms" which contains
3489: A simple R script that reduces the length of text by cutting it in half at certain points. It also keeps first and last
3490: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in input and strips leading/trailing whitespace from
3491: This R script fixes the spurious issues with SPIO data structures by converting non lists to their corresponding vectorized counterparts,
3492: This R script defines the 'cross product' of two vectors. The input to these functions are both 4 element long numer
3493: This R script defines an 'node' health checker that verifies connectivity to various nodes in your network using their respective IP
3494: This R script checks if the input argument 'x' belongs to one of several types that are considered as packed arrays in Python
3495: This R script defines the 'Nellie's to Zeros conversion algorithm'. The input is an integer and it conver
3496: This R script filters out the labels that start with "brower-" and returns them as unlisted vector.  It
3497: This R script calculates the Energy EMC of an object given its Mass and Speed Of Light.  The formula used is
3498: This R script checks whether the input string starts with "$$" followed by one or more digits and ends in ".txt
3499: A regular expression pattern that matches the given string if it starts with one of several alternatives.  The alternative strings are separated by
3500: This R script converts seconds to minutes. It rounds the time in half and then pastes it with an "minute"
3501: This R script converts all upper case letters in the input vector to their corresponding equivalent of lowecase using an anonymous or
3502: This R script defines an anonymous or named "skip" vectorized operation that removes punctuations from input string. It uses
3503: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor using Euclidean algorithm.  The input parameters are two numbers 'A'
3504: This R script calculates the square of each element in vector 'x' and then sums them up.  The result is
3505: This R script defines the 'minimumTLSVersion' that takes as input an argument, supportedProcotolos which is
3506: This R script defines the 'merge two dictionaries', which takes in 1 dictionary as input. It merges another given
3507: This R script defines the 'getSentiments' functions that takes in score and returns ‘+’, '-', or
3508: This R script creates an equivalent of the 'n' dimension spatial axe sequence. It takes one argument which is number representing
3509: This R script defines the 'function' named "GetBroakerLeaderCount" which takes in an argument called brok
3510: This R script replaces the offsets in UTC with equivalent names. It does so by replacing specific patterns within an input string
3511: Cheks whether obj object contains routes or not using getattr and exists functions in R programming language  Code snippet provided
3512: This R script creates an anonymous, one line version of the given cell value 'I' and appends it to another variable
3513: This R script checks if the input string contains "[". If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE.  Code sn
3514: A recursive solution to the problem of flattending an array. It uses nested loops and checks each element's length
3515: This R script calculates the value of an investment based on Brzęczuk's formula. The input parameters
3516: This R script calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. It uses dynamic programming to calculate it and returns an
3517: This R script defines the 'bond' energy as half of face value times difference between interest rate and reference level divided by
3518: This R script parses the input line into an object that contains two elements; one is integer representing number of edges and other
3519: This R script defines the 'makeParamNameSingleIndex' which takes an input of parameter parts and returns them in single index
3520: This R script checks whether the input string contains more than half of its characters that are numerics or not using an iterative
3521: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that reverses the direction in four cardinal directions ("North",
3522: This R script converts kilometers to meters. It multiplies the input by one thousand, rounds it off and returns
3523: This R script defines the 'sumOfGeoProgress' as an object that takes three arguments. It checks whether or not
3524: A simple recursive implementation of the Factorial Function in R. The base case is when n equals to one, at which
3525: This R script defines an 'isCriticallyBalanced' Function that checks whether the given temperature and number of emitting neutron
3526: This R script defines an 'get paths' or similar functionality. It takes as input two parameters - the path list and some
3527: This R script creates an index that takes three arguments - two numeric values and one factor. The first argument is the denomin
3528: This R script checks whether the given filename points to an executable object in MachO format or not by reading its header and comparing
3529: This R script defines an anonymous or named "get\_files" that takes in one argument - either the name of any object
3530: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'relativeCoordinates' method. The input parameters are two vectors and
3531: This R script defines the 'bestScaleFactor' to calculate and compare scale factors between two vectors. The input parameters are
3532: This R script defines the 'rotation' of an array to its left. It takes as input one vector, and returns
3533: This R script checks whether the input string of comma separated values is present within an array. If it does not exist then returns
3534: This R script checks whether the last chunk of sublists in 'fulllist' is identical to those at its end.
3535: This R script checks whether the input number is evenly divided by another. It does so with an "if" statement and
3536: This R script generates an ID based on the number of elements in input list. The first element has id 0, and
3537: This R script converts DNA sequences to their corresponding equivalent sequence on the ribosome. It uses an internal dictionary that maps
3538: A simple R script that performs division safely. It checks whether the denominator is zero before performing any operation to avoid Zero
3539: This R script calculates the specificty score of an algorithm. It takes two vectors as input - one representing actual classifications
3540: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the `mag` to counts conversion factor as per different bands in
3541: This R script defines an anonymous ("ek_" prefix omitted in the original post), named "wt" that takes one argument '
3542: This R script conversts the time stamp in seconds.  It takes as input an integer representing millisecond timestamps
3543: This R script calculates the NMEA checksums using an input string and optional starting position/separators to identify parts
3544: This R script defines the 'rectangle to polygon' conversion from four corners of rectangle into five polygons using convex hull
3545: This R script defines an average calculation that uses exponentially weighted averages. It takes three arguments; the current value to be
3546: Create an R script that formats the name and content of each row in 'practice.txt' file into HTML tags using
3547: This R script converts image coordinates from pixels to world space. The conversion is based on the aspect ratio of an object in
3548: This R script defines an 'if' condition to check whether the input number `n` passed as argument of "code"
3549: This R script defines an anonymous user defined functions that takes two arguments and prints the result of multiplying them. It then calls
3550: This R script filters out the columns with label 'Point Number' in dataframe.  It returns FALSE when it encounters
3551: This R script defines two functions - `parseVersion` and the comparison operator '>'. The first one splits version strings
3552: This R script calculates the total number of bounce attempts and complaints made by each delivery attempt. The results are then returned
3553: This R script defines the ```function``` named "`Get Recursive Attribute'". It takes an object and
3554: This R script generates dashboards links based on the UUID provided as input parameter using an online URL generator from mythX platform to
3555: This R script defines the 'set\_buil...' functions that sets build descriptions based on different states. It uses an
3556: This R script defines the "get coordinates" or helper functions. It takes three arguments x and ‘y’ which are
3557: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the orthogonal projection of two vectors. The input is both
3558: This R script checks whether the link exists within given list of children. If it does exist then returns FALSE else TRUE indicating that
3559: This R script sorts VM instances by total disks size. The 'summarise' and the order functions are used to calculate
3560: This is the definition of an R script that calculates vote power based on karmas, with some conditions to handle null
3561: This R script defines the 'parseStart' orchestrator that checks whether an inputted integer is within valid range.
3562: This R script defines an F score calculation. It takes as input the predicted values and true labels along with whether to calculate micro
3563: This R script creates an anonymous or named vector of keys from the input 'x' by squaring each element in x and
3564: This R script creates an object named 'SFR' from the input argument, which is assumed to be in units of Light
3565: A simple R script that adds two numbers.  It takes in the position and change as input parameters to calculate new positions after
3566: This R script generates an unique sequence name based on the input string using SHA hashing and truncation to fit within specified
3567: This R script defines the 'normalise' or "clean" version of newline characters in an input string. It removes
3568: A simple R script that rounds numbers to the closest multiple of another number. It uses floor division and multiplication by 'round_
3569: This JavaScript program calculates the cumulative total of all numbers up to but not including 'limt' that are multiples
3570: This R script generates an FFPMV command based on the input parameters of 'image directory', "output filename" and
3571: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that checks whether the input number is greater than/equal to given '
3572: A simple R script to locate metadata within an object.  It searches through the given "object" or data frame and returns
3573: This R script checks the validity of parameters by checking whether they are present within an array. If not found it returns false or
3574: This R script defines the 'getUnExpandedList', which is used to retrieve unexpansion list from configuration dictionary.
3575: This R script compares two vectors of strings. It removes white spaces from the elements and then checks if they are equal or
3576: This R script calculates the ratio of two numbers. The result is then squared using another operation and returned as output from
3577: A simple R script to calculate the ceiling of division by given number and then multiply it with that same divisor which is
3578: This R script defines an 'expand' hexadecimal string formatting. It takes in one argument, checks if the
3579: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the 'prediction' variable and returns its
3580: This R script defines the 'heat_colour' funtion that assigns color codes based on grade inputted into it
3581: This R script defines the 'mode' object, which determines whether to append or write data. If isAppend == TRUE then
3582: This R script calculates the value of m based on input values 'x'. The calculation is done using an IF ELSE
3583: This R script checks whether the input is numerically or alphanumerical, and returns TRUE when it's either numerical
3584: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument - string and returns the unique characters of it as
3585: This R script defines the 'fix_corrd' functio. It takes two arguments; one is "scree
3586: This is the Chebychef's distance between two vectors. It calculates maximum absolute difference in elements of inputted
3587: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - 'assits' and "Turn overs
3588: This R script creates an Scale Function that scales the input x between two given ranges. The scaling formula is derived from linear
3589: This R script exports data from the given 'allDiseasesSorter' object into an Excel spreadsheet. The output
3590: This R script encodes each string input into hexadecimal format. The length of the output is eight times that size
3591: This R script defines the 'get\_frontedStatsUrl()’ functions that retrieves URLs based on configuration and type
3592: This R script converts boolean values from string representation. It takes an argument as the name of any given character vector and checks
3593: A simple R script that defines an 'upper' and optional parameters to define clipping limits. If any of these conditions are
3594: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. The `consq` is defined to check the condition and returns
3595: This R script defines an 'union' operation on two input IWP labels. The output is the combination of all fields
3596: This R script defines the `stripQuotes` one line functions that removes quotes from strings. It checks whether string starts and
3597: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'unmanage()', which takes in input as string and
3598: This R script creates an object that contains the DropBox API configuration. The 'access token' is used to authenticated requests
3599: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes two arguments - 'folder' and the list of paths
3600: This R script checks if the inputted word or phrase contains any duplicate letters. It does so by converting all characters in lower
3601: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isTriang" that checks whether the input number 'K' can be expressed
3602: This R script converts the input vector of segment units into characters. It starts by creating an initial character set from one unit
3603: This R script defines the 'towns_wihthout' and takes as input an object of class "Station"
3604: A simple R script that takes an input string and converts the first character to uppercase. The rest of characters are converted
3605: A simple one line R script to perform interpolations using the formula derived from Linear Interpolaion method in statistics and
3606: This R script defines an Emoji List Formatter. It takes as input the list of 'Emoticons' and
3607: This R script creates and returns an object that contains the number of vehicles per type.  The keys are vehicle types ("Car
3608: This R script calculates the coordinates of centers in an array. The input is two vectors 'x' and "y".
3609: A simple R script that removes duplicates from an iteratable object.  It uses the built in 'unique' command to
3610: This R script converts RGB values to grayscale. If the input color is not equal with provided 'Mask Color',
3611: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that checks whether the input is yes ('Y'/'Yes','True
3612: This R script defines an object named 'wkl' that takes four arguments and checks if the sum of these five quantities is
3613: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes in one argument, status. It returns the string representation of whether
3614: A simple R programming script that converts the time in hour format into total number of second. It takes three parameters - '
3615: A simple R script that calculates the Collatz sequence length. It uses an iterative approach to calculate each input'
3616: This R script cleans the macOS X directory by removing files that contain "Mac OS" in their names.  It takes as
3617: This R script checks if the value is above filter and returns TRUE or FALSE based on that condition  Code snippet used
3618: This R script checks whether the keys of any nested list or vector contain dollar signs ('$ ~'). If so it returns true
3619: This R script calculates the margined districts based on given data from 'State Lines' dataset and returns them with their
3620: A simple R script that converts an input number into its equivalent integer or fractional part. If it's zero,
3621: This R script creates an object that maps file names to their corresponding path. The input is the list of files, and it
3622: This R script reads data from the file specified by path. The input is expected to be in CSV format and it returns
3623: This R script creates an "anchor" vector and subtracts it from the input 'copy' data. The result is
3624: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes in one argument 'x' and returns 1/6
3625: This R script defines the 'getRegionData' functions that takes in input as parameters and returns specific regions of interest. The
3626: This R script defines the `print` exam schedules. It iterates over each block of an examination and prints out its
3627: This R script defines the 'stats box' or bounding rectangle calculation. It takes as input an array of points and returns
3628: This R script defines the 'getNamePrefix' functions that removes trailing digits from names. It does so by using regular
3629: This R script converts decimal numbers to binary. It uses the modulo operator and integer division in combination with recursion until
3630: This R script checks whether two rectangles overlap. It takes four arguments - the coordinates of each rectangle in order to do so
3631: This R script defines the 'setContoursProperties' as an object that takes in parameters like Strokes width and color
3632: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that strips new lines from the start and end of strings, respectively when
3633: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two matrices and sums them up in one line using vectorized operations on data frames
3634: This R script defines the 'get\_linked' and '_extracts\' functions to extract data from an object based on
3635: This R script defines the 'greater_than' logical operator. It takes two vectors as input and checks whether one vector
3636: This R script scales the bounding box coordinates by dividing each coordinate with its respective dimension. The result is returned as an
3637: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes three arguments and returns the index of grid position on specified dimension based
3638: A simple R script that sums two numbers. It checks if the inputs are within ‘[0;+∞)'
3639: This R script converts the input vector of integers into an equivalent cosines direction. The first argument is used to specify which
3640: This R script counts the number of failures from an input list 'transect' where each element is represented as [x
3641: This R script defines an anonymous or named "divide exactly" that takes two inputs and checks whether the first one is completely
3642: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'getBaseUrl' functionality that takes in two arguments - use
3643: A simple R script to calculate the number of digits in n's binary representation. The result is rounded up using ce
3644: This R script parses the inputted string into separate days and months. It does so by splitting each individual day or month
3645: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that checks whether the input string ("carriers" in turn Car
3646: This R script creates an array of the label names from provided list/vector 'Theme'. It loops through each element and
3647: This R script creates an anonymous inline response in Slack. It takes the input 'Text' and returns it as part of
3648: This R script checks whether the input argument 'x' can be converted to numerics and then determines its length, returning TRUE
3649: This R script defines the 'correction' of mossace placement in an image. It takes as input parameters three vectors
3650: This R script defines the 'get\_lambda' funtion that returns different values based on input argument. The inputs are strings
3651: This R script creates an inline HTML tag to make the given input string bold.  It uses paste and htmltools package in
3652: This R script defines an anonymous or named "decimal_round" that takes two arguments - toBeROund and number
3653: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the given 'changeEventName' functionality. It takes in input as
3654: A R shiny app to interact with the Phenix Data Service API – one line of codes only, no comments
3655: This R script defines the "strip whitespaces" functionality. It takes an object as input and strips out all white spaces from
3656: This R script checks whether the input 'collectio' is of unique and equal to one element with nondefault value. If
3657: This R script defines the 'compressed' version of FEN notation. It takes an input string representing chess board position
3658: This R script defines the ```function``` named "`SanitzeBasename" that takes in one argument, which
3659: This R script checks if the input string is valid as an Azure Storage Account Name. The validation rule being applied here includes that
3660: This R script calculates the number of iterations needed to complete one epoch in an iterative learning algorithm. The input parameters are
3661: This R script defines an object named 'ts\_griscm' that takes as input the number of RASTERIZED
3662: This R script checks if two masks are complementaries. A pair of binary or boolean values is said to be "comple
3663: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional computation that calculates the estimated maximum weight given some initial weights and number of repet
3664: This R script checks if the 'date', which presumably represents some kind of release date, exists in data.  It
3665: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns percentage difference between given input value pc which represents rainfall
3666: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'formatSettingName' that takes in input as string and returns
3667: This R script calculates the value of 'CGY' based on input parameters. The formula is derived from some mathematical principles
3668: This R script calculates the distance between two vectors in three dimensions. The input is vector 'V' and another one called
3669: This R script processes the input keyword list. It simply returns it as is without any further processing or modification of data structure,
3670: This R script calculates the degrees between two angles based on their normal totals and minimum of these values respectively using an input
3671: This is the definition of an R script that takes one number as its argument and returns their negative.  It's named
3672: This R script defines an 'operations' configuration object. It takes in five arguments - two of which are the same type
3673: This is the harmonic oscillator model in R with one degree of freedom and no damping term or forcing terms as described by H
3674: This R script defines an 'getItemFromListByKeyValue' that takes three arguments - the list of item objects and
3675: This R script defines the "getPath" Function. It takes two arguments - an input dataset and file paths separated by dots
3676: This R script defines the 'pointsToGrade' functions that converts student scores into grades based on their performance level within
3677: This R script defines an 'find' operation that searches through the provided list of Amazon Aurora DB instances and returns one
3678: This R script defines the 'disjoint' or overlapping check between two given rectangular bounding boxes. The input is provided
3679: This R script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The input to our 'distance
3680: This R script defines the 'getScenceKey' which converts input string into lowercase and replaces spaces with hyp
3681: This R script defines the 'getPageMarks' functions that calculates and returns two marks based on input parameters ie
3682: This R script checks whether the input string starts with 'tmp' or not. If it does start then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE
3683: This R script checks if the user and password are present in an input object named "auth".  It returns TRUE or FALSE
3684: This R script defines the 'high' and `the` functions to find out which number is highest or lowest in an input
3685: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous" in the context of functions here - it's not defined by any name
3686: This R script cleans punctuations from the given text data. It iterates over each element of an input vector and removes
3687: This R script defines the "normalise" or normalization functions. The input is an array of characters, and it returns another
3688: This R script defines the `get_tf` path based on input parameters. It uses conditional statements to determine which TerraForm
3689: This R script defines an anonymous or named JavaScript/R functions that converts pixel number into CSS length unit, ie p
3690: This R script defines an average positive value percentage from two given values. The formula used is the difference between both numbers
3691: These functions are used in pattern matching between different types of R objects based on their properties and values within them respectively - integers/
3692: A simple R script that checks if the input is within range of lowercase letters.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
3693: This R script defines an 'asBinaryDigit' that takes in one argument, the input "Number", and returns two
3694: This R script defines the 'truncuate' field which takes in content and returns it with an ellipsis ("…
3695: This R script takes an input string and returns only family names from it. It splits on either '.' or '-'
3696: This R script generates an error message with the color yellow and prefix "[!". The input is used as part of creating that
3697: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that checks whether the input accnumber is NA and returns either "Remove
3698: This R script checks whether the input ARN string starts with "ARN:" and ends in ".amazon.com". If it
3699: This R script defines an example of how to generate keys in FHIR JSON responses. It takes three arguments - the API
3700: This R script reverses an integer. It first checks whether the number is negative and adjusts it accordingly before processing its dig
3701: This is the backward pass of TanH activation. It takes as input 'cache' which contains previous values and outputs from forward
3702: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes as input the alignment string and returns it split into individual elements
3703: This R script defines an efficient way to calculate the optimal bin size based on input data's length 'N'. The calculation
3704: A simple R script that checks whether the characters of an input sentence are unique or not. It does so by splitting and comparing
3705: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in one argument 'Path' and returns the same as input
3706: This R script formats the input string by replacing underscores with spaces.  It uses built in functions to replace these characters
3707: A simple R script that takes two arguments, 'attr' and the dictionary. It returns an output where each attribute of input
3708: This R script calculates the number of entries needed to store given used and total storage capacity. It uses ceiling() because we
3709: This R script calculates the maximum absolute difference between two vectors.  It uses built in functions to find and return these differences
3710: This R script defines an 'norm' or normalize alphabetic characters in the input string. It checks whether each
3711: This R script defines an anonymous or named "downcasing string"-function that takes one argument 'str' and returns the
3712: This R script implements the Lorensen and Bertheyt rule of five to calculate two quantities from four given signals or errors
3713: This R script creates an object named 'niam' that returns the greeting message.  The input arguments are not used
3714: This R script converts hour/minute format to string representation with hours and minutes only or including seconds when necessary – it
3715: This R script defines an anonymous ("function") that takes two arguments - 'values' and the optional parameter named as ‘
3716: This R script defines an action and returns the validation details. The returned object is in JSON format which can be parsed into any
3717: This R script calculates the center of an array. The input is expected to be in form [X0 Yn X
3718: This R script creates an anonymous or "body" of the given program. It removes all elements from index 1 to n
3719: A simple R script that rounds up the result of an operation to nearest integer using modulo operator and conditional statement in combination with
3720: This R script defines an 'round pruned amount' calculation. It takes in three parameters; the initial number of all
3721: This R script defines the 'coord_t0o  dOe's index. It takes two coordinates and
3722: This R script defines two functions that are used to get the keyboard type. The first one takes three parameters and returns an integer
3723: This R script calculates the highest common factor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find HCF
3724: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It checks if the input string contains more than 1 word with
3725: This R script defines the 'function' named "sitses to cell" which takes as input an object of type vector
3726: This R script implements the Counting Sort algorithm. The first part of it defines an auxiliary "count keys Less". It then
3727: This R script defines the 'flattern' or simplified version of an object named "Flow". The purpose is to extract specific
3728: This R script converts an input vector into string format with the specified separator.  The output is obtained by using paste
3729: This R script defines the 'findBorderEntry' which is used to locate an entry in vector of pairs that has value less
3730: This R script converts the content type to its corresponding file format. It takes as input one parameter, 'Content Type',
3731: This R script calculates the frequency of each note in an audio file using MIDI data. The input is expected to
3732: This R script defines an 'in_threeD' Box checker. It takes two arguments - the name of three dimensions
3733: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getEnumKey" that takes two arguments - key and the list of possible values
3734: This R script defines an anonymous or named "get\_titl...\" is defined to extract the title from vulnerabilities in
3735: This R script converts time in seconds into minutes and hours. The output is formatted as 'X : Y . Z'.
3736: This R script defines the "get\_products\_\"function that takes as input an object of class \'data.
3737: This R script checks if the given command exists in predefined commands. If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE or
3738: This R script defines the `stripNewLine` functions that removes newlines from strings. It uses regular expressions to detect and
3739: This R script defines the 'new\_sleep' summaries detail. It takes in parameters to calculate sleep durations and returns
3740: This R script checks whether an input vector 'contains' the sequence [0, -> , +>  ] or not.
3741: This R script defines an 'trim' object that removes leading and trailing whitespace from input strings.  It uses the
3742: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that converts input strings into either uppercase, depending on whether they
3743: This R script removes all comments from the input lines. It uses regular expressions to identify and remove any line that contains // in
3744: This R script checks if the input object 'obj' belongs in list of strings that contain word remove, case insensitive and
3745: This R script converts the input "topic" name into an appropriate collection/database naming convention. It replaces "/
3746: A simple R script that generates the string "true" or 'false' based on whether CSS Variable feature is enabled in
3747: This R script calculates the combination of 'N' items taken at random from an unordered set. The formula used is
3748: A simple R script that defines the constant 'K' and returns it.  The value of K is passed as an argument
3749: This R script defines the ```function``` named "`GridLegEnd" that takes two arguments - current and GridPart
3750: This R script cleans the inputted strings by removing all non alphanumeric characters.  It uses gsub() to
3751: A simple R script that calculates the average of two numbers based on their distance from zero in terms per hour as an example
3752: This R script checks if the given TCP or UDP ports are open. It uses nc command to check whether it'
3753: This R script calculates the area of an isosceles right triangles given three points. The formula used to calculate
3754: A simple R script that flattens an input list or vector into one dimension using the unnested version of lapply
3755: This R script defines the 'map to parents' functionality of an application that tracks station information and provides accessibility by returning its
3756: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language that takes in one argument - the path of any type files and returns
3757: This R script defines an anonymous or named "maybeInt" that takes one argument x and returns the input value itself when it
3758: This R script checks if the input string is equal to specific value. If it's true, then returns TRUE; otherwise
3759: A simple R script that takes an input string and appends '!!' to it.  It then returns the modified version
3760: This R script creates an anonymous ("to key" or simply 'function') that takes in the input of type named vector and
3761: This R script defines an inversely weighted linear interpolation between 3 values. The motor output is compared with the given '
3762: A simple R script that calculates the Harmonic Mean of two numbers.  The formula used is based on ar
3763: This R script creates an anonymous or named one line summaries of the artist names. The input is two parameters - index and
3764: This R script validates the format of credit card numbers. It checks whether or not DEBIT CARDS are present in
3765: This R script defines the 'verifyHandednes' functio, which takes an input parameter and checks if it
3766: This R script converts degrees of direction to cardinal directions using the IUGG format, which is used in GPS data and
3767: This R script defines the 'getQuad' or "function" that determines which quadant of an xy plane point
3768: This R script defines the 'getVarNames' functions that returns two variables based on input variable. The first is an observation
3769: This R script opens the file specified by path in binary mode and returns its content if successful. If an exception occurs during opening
3770: This R script defines the 'find' operation on dictionary objects using recursion to search nested dictionaries and lists within them until
3771: This R script defines an environment variable setting using the UniX shell eval syntax. It takes in input as environmental variables
3772: This R script parses the input 'Process' object and returns it as an output. The main task is to extract relevant
3773: This R script defines the 'function' named "template_si" which takes in one argument - an input vector called `
3774: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the "add text element". It checks whether there is exactly ‘
3775: A simple R script to check if the input 'Number' is within given numeric "Range". This one line
3776: This R script defines an extractor that maps questions to actions, causes or environments based on the input. If no match is
3777: This R script defines an anonymous ("add") one line functions that adds two numbers together and handles NA or Na values by returning
3778: This R script defines the `get_pai` and returns either of three strings ('Backwards' , ‘For
3779: This R script converts hours and minutes to seconds using the formula "hours* 1 hour +  min /  48
3780: This R script defines the 'factorize' or converts numerics to factors based on their values and sizes in relation with
3781: This R script defines an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'first word matchers' in Python. It takes
3782: This R script calculates the total number of elements in an environment dictionary.  It uses unnest() to flatten out
3783: This R script defines an anonymous or named one liner that takes as input the string representation of JSON and returns its content without
3784: This R script defines the 'function' named "top\_callee" that finds out which call was spent most of its
3785: This R script creates an inline colorized string in the console. It uses escape sequences to change text colors and background within one
3786: A simple R script that converts the input value to percentage. It takes an argument and returns it as percentages with two
3787: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called 'Actual Power' that takes two arguments. If the second argument
3788: This R script checks whether the input vector 'R' contains more than 3 elements and starts with one of three strings.
3789: This R script converts string inputs to their corresponding Boolean values. It uses the 'if' and conditional statements in order convert
3790: This R script converts the input character vector into an integer tuple representation of its components separated by dots ('.'). If there
3791: This script defines three functions to perform bit wise operations on two integers using the addition and subtraction operators respectively with R programming language
3792: A simple R script that defines an icon() functions. It takes one argument which is the type of Icon to be displayed
3793: This R script checks if the input vector 'test' is normalized. A normalised version of an expression should only contain numbers
3794: This R script checks whether two operators have precedences. It returns false when the second operator is either parentheses or an
3795: This R script calculates the humidification index based on water vapour concentration.  The formula used is QV
3796: This R script defines the 'sanitizestring' functions that converts input strings into lowercase and replaces
3797: This R script checks if the input string 'x' ends with '.npx'.  It uses grepl() to check
3798: This R script converts the input strings into numerics using asNumerical() from base package in one line, which is
3799: A simple R script to calculate the normalized version of an array. If all elements in arr add up too and equal “
3800: This R script converts degrees to hours and minutes format using the conversion rules provided in an example given by Douglas Hofme
3801: This R script defines the 'getLen' orchester that takes in text as input and returns its word count.
3802: This R script defines an SQL limit clause generator that takes two arguments - the starting index and maximum results to be returned from your
3803: This is the definition of an R programming language based simple arithmetic operator. It takes three arguments x and Y which are numbers
3804: This R script defines the 'simple fill' operation. It takes in two arguments - an input string and its desired maximum length
3805: This R script defines the 'start_games' method which takes in JSON data and returns two values - Game ID &
3806: This R script defines the 'scalar_mult' or simply named as "Scaler" which takes two arguments - A
3807: This R script converts all lowercase characters in the input to upper case and returns it as output when given an argument that
3808: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes two arguments - template name and version. It returns the combination of
3809: This R script converts time input in the format HHMMSS to total number of secs since midnight using an hour
3810: This R script creates an anonymous user defined callback that returns the class names of all predicted instances. The input is expected to be
3811: This R script defines the 'convert' coordinate system. It takes in two arguments; one is an array of 4 elements
3812: This R script creates an 'unescaped' version of the input URL by replacing all instances where "%" is found with
3813: This R script reads log files and extracts information about its position in case of an unavailable logger or if it'll
3814: A recursive summation of numbers from n to zero. The base case is when the input number 'N' equals Z
3815: This R script defines an integer vectorized operation named "a" that takes two arguments - 'delt' and the frequency
3816: This R script checks the data types of an input value. It tries to convert it into integer and then, if that fails
3817: This R script defines the 'normalise' newline characters in an input string. It uses two instances of "grep
3818: This R script defines an 'if' condition that checks the case insensitive comparison of two strings. If they match then it
3819: This R script defines the 'getTablePosition()'. It loops through all tables present within screen layout. If it finds any
3820: This R script calculates the value of Delta P based on given parameters.  The formula used is derived from an equation
3821: This R script calculates the dot product of two vectors.  The input is expected to be in form [x; y
3822: This R script defines an 'are connected' logical condition. It checks whether two nodes and their respective attributes form part of the
3823: This R script defines an anonymous inline JavaScript/R functions that checks the value of HTTP headers and returns "NLM" or
3824: This R script converts an account number to float. It takes in the input as numeric value and returns it within range
3825: This R script calculates the number of elements that are equal to their difference by 'n' units. The input array is
3826: This R script defines an anonymous or named "durationFormat" that takes in one argument, 'Value' and returns the same
3827: This R script scrubs the input string by converting it into lowercase, removing punctuation and apostrophes.  It
3828: This R script creates and returns the Transpose of Matrix. The input matrix is passed as an argument to it, which then
3829: This is the normalization of an input vector in mpir package using rationale numbers and rounding mode set to "round
3830: This R script calculates the smallest power of 2 greater than or equal to n. It uses bitwise operations and base
3831: This R script converts degrees to decimal minutes and seconds. It takes as input the degree value then returns it in three parts
3832: This R script defines an 'getPadParams' that takes two arguments. It checks whether the current size is greater than or
3833: This R script checks if the input number is within specified range. If it's not in that specificed ranges then returns
3834: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that determines the material of rock based on its yearly occurrence. The input
3835: This R script calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors. The input to our 'dist' is vector "b"
3836: This R script converts the input in microseconds to seconds, milliseconds or just use standard units of measurement depending on
3837: This is the first version of VR Fuel Management System, which calculates fuel consumption based on vehicle's range divided
3838: This R script defines the "dependency mapping" as per its input. It returns either an S, O or X based on
3839: This R script is designed to clean up the ID'S in an array of URL strings by removing any leading slash from
3840: This R script converts binary values to grayscale by multiplying the input vector with scalar value of '0' and
3841: This R script checks if the template text matches with an observed ID in one line. It removes variable names from both texts and
3842: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line version of the given Python program. The purpose is to convert integer input
3843: This R script defines the 'drop exclusions' functionality. It splits input string into individual terms and then pastes them
3844: This R script defines an 'apply' operation that recursively applies changes to nested lists within the provided "Patch" object
3845: This R script defines an anonymous or named scalar Function that takes two vectors as input and returns the sum of their elementwise multiplication
3846: This R script converts the given string of 0' and '.' characters to an integer value. The input is assumed
3847: This R script converts the input time period in hours and minutes to seconds using simple arithmetic operations on integers only –
3848: This R script defines the `getHostFromMetadata` functions that retrieves host information from provided Metadata object based on its
3849: This R script calculates the sum of three vectors. The input is two 4 element vector arrays and it returns one single
3850: This R script calculates the number of toys that can be bought with at most 'K' dollars. The input is an
3851: This R script checks the length of tweets before posting. If tweet is longer than 48 characters it will be trunc
3852: This R script checks whether the provided arguments are NULL or empty and returns TRUE when they're not; otherwise it will always
3853: This R script is designed to extract the filename from URL paths in order of depth using str splitting and unnested list comprehens
3854: A simple R script to calculate the difference between two values in an array based on their indices provided by user input – one
3855: This R script defines the "function" named `code` that converts numbers into fortunes. The input is assumed to
3856: This R script defines the 'remove_prefix' and its functionality. It checks whether text ends with specified string or not by
3857: A simple R wrapper around HTML tags. It takes two arguments - the header and actual content of an html tag respectively –
3858: This R script defines the 'resolveObjPath' object. It takes an input string of obj path and returns only last part
3859: This R script defines the 'variable set up user' as an input parameter, which is expected to be either 0 or
3860: This R script creates an id list from the detail input of assertion objects in Python's assert statements using lambda functions and
3861: This R script checks whether two lists of data are equal based on their respective key values or not using the identical() and length
3862: This R script defines an unnamed, one line version of the provided 'unpack' or "extract" UUID from
3863: This R script defines the 'quintics' easing out effect. The input parameter is subtracted from one and then
3864: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'getHostName' that takes two arguments - the name of Pod and Node respectively
3865: This R script counts the frequency of each character present within string 'S'. It converts all characters to lowercase and then
3866: This R script calculates the Manhatten distance between two points. The input is expected to be vectors of equal length and
3867: This R script defines the select_specie() Function that takes an input species and returns its corresponding atomic number or symbol based
3868: This R script converts the moduli of distances to their corresponding distance values using an exponential transformation based on some arbitrary constant factor
3869: This R script defines an incorrect version of the 'calculating wing span' task. The original implementation is missing some steps and
3870: This R script defines the 'cyclic' or "previous" operation. It takes two arguments - an id and its
3871: A simple R script that calculates the maximum of two time points.  The input is expected to be in ascending order
3872: This R script checks if the system type provided by user matches either 'Centeral' or falls within range of 1 to
3873: This R script checks whether any queen under attack. It does so by iterating over all the positions of each piece and checking
3874: This R script defines an 'is integer' checker that checks if the input value n can be accurately converted to its numer
3875: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language called "LA PLUS GRANDE" that takes three arguments and
3876: This R script calculates the distance between two points in 4D space. The input is an array of three elements representing
3877: Generate a ONE-LINE summary (≤25 words) for this code:
Code: ucfirst <- function(string) {   return(paste(toupper(substring(string,1,1)),substring(string,2),sep="")) } ucfirst("retror") ucfirst("tr�rt�n")
Summary: This R script converts the first character of each word in an input string to uppercase. For example "retro"
3878: This R script defines the 'strip angle bracket's from URL.'  It uses two functions, one to remove "
3879: A simple R script to calculate the time difference between two points in seconds or minutes using system'S real()-based timer functions
3880: A simple R script that creates an object with two elements.  The first element is the input 'b' and second one
3881: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument, mark which is expected to be between
3882: This R script creates an object called "returnedPayLoad" that contains the expiress timestamp and label from input keywords
3883: This R script defines the 'f' orchestrating an operation that checks whether its argument, "input", meets certain
3884: This R script checks if an object in the environment contains spatial data using Spatial class and its coordinates attribute; returns TRUE or
3885: This R script converts decimal seconds into hours, minutes and fractional part of the second in human readable form using '
3886: This R script converts underscores to dashes in the input string. It is used as an example of how functions
3887: This R script removes all the spaces in an inputted text. It uses builtin functions to remove any whitespace characters present
3888: This R script extracts the integer part of an expression that is obtained by replacing "&PlusMinus;" with either plus
3889: This R script converts the input 'HH::MM' format to its equivalent in decimals form using base r functions
3890: This R script creates an anonymous or "make" version of the 'list' object in Python. It takes two arguments -
3891: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in one argument, 'Content Type String', and returns the
3892: This R script builds an output string from the input strings. The process is done by iterating over each element of 'input
3893: This is an example of simple R programming script that takes in one argument, 'my' and returns it unmodified.
3894: This R script defines an anonymous or named FUNCTION that finds the largest number in sequence of numbers which is less than given
3895: This R script defines the 'limits' object which takes three arguments. It calculates and returns two values that represent lower limit
3896: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that checks if the input account type matches either 'Application' OR
3897: This R script creates an anonymous normalization framework. It takes in the name of any software frameworks and returns it as lowercase
3898: A simple R implementation of the popular "population count" algorithm, which counts how many bits are set to one at binary
3899: This R script defines the 'smalle...' which calculates and returns difference between two values. If absolute diff is greater
3900: A simple R script that converts months to integers and vice versa using an internal table of values mapping the names in English
3901: This R script defines an 'get' command that generates the GCODE to perform rapid movement along x and z axes.
3902: This R script formats the date string from 'YYYMMDD' to just Date. It takes in one argument - dat
3903: A recursive implementation of the Factorial Function in R. The base case is when m equals  to zero, it returns
3904: This R script generates ConfigMaps based on the instances passed to it. The generated configmaps are used by Kubernetes
3905: This R script defines an anonymous or named "findIsLandId" that takes two arguments - 'PhosHoleI
3906: This R script checks whether the input number equals 1 or not. If it does, returns 'Yes'. Otherwise,'No
3907: This R script processes the input string by removing comments and leading/trailing whitespace. It also replaces double quotes with
3908: This R script converts UUIDs to strings by removing hyphens from the middle of each part in their string representation and then
3909: This R script converts seconds to milliseconds. It takes in one argument 'secounds' and returns the equivalent
3910: This R script converts an inputted unicode character into its ASCII equivalent. It uses the 'iconv' package
3911: This R script defines an interpolation/extrapolation routine that takes two lists of values and corresponding times. It returns the
3912: This R script converts timestamps in seconds into HHmmss formatted string. It uses the 'sprint
3913: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getPublicEndpointUrlByName" that takes three arguments - the response from AWS
3914: These functions are used to convert date and time strings into different formats. The inputs include the datastring which can be in
3915: This R script calculates the number of times that an integer sum within 'A' is greater than or equal to k.
3916: A simple R script to create an object with basic properties of type Metrics.  The 'make' prefix is omitted as
3917: This R script defines an 'compareBounds' that takes two vectors of four elements as input and returns the smallest bounding box
3918: This R script converts the input string to lower case and returns it with only one character in upper. If there are more
3919: This R script creates an anonymous inline JavaScript/R functions that takes in link header information and formats it into the correct HTML Link
3920: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using Recursion. The two parameters n and m represent different
3921: This R script creates an anonymous or "one line" version of the 'paste' command. It takes in one argument,
3922: This R script defines an 'generate' or "create" new rules. The parameters are used to create and store the details
3923: This R script generates numbers with leading zeros in case they are less than 9 using the 'as' and character functions
3924: This R script scales the values of an input vector by multiplying it with some constant factor. The result is returned as well
3925: This R script defines an anonymous or named "hasCorrectLength" that checks whether the input arguments are within specified range of
3926: This R script creates an extraction of the longitude from each location in dataframe.  The input is assumed to be provided
3927: This R script filters out rows where all elements are empty. It checks if the number of nonempty cells in each filtered/
3928: This is the R programming language solution to calculate how many coins are needed from given amount of money. The algorithm works in desc
3929: This R script defines an escaping HTML special characters in the input string using regular expressions and returns NA when encountering NULL values
3930: This R script defines an anonymous or named "removeDuplicate" that takes in one argument, items. It returns the unique
3931: This R script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with non-"_" prefixed keys from the input dataframe 'public
3932: This R script calculates the score based on two positions and scales of an object in 3D space using Euclidean distances
3933: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that checks the input value and returns TRUE when it is "ON" ('
3934: This R script searches through the elements of an input list or dictionary and returns first element that matches with provided 'Value'. If
3935: This R script defines an anonymous or named 'valid\_filename' that takes as input the name of file and returns it with
3936: This R script replacess all spaces in the input string with pluses.  It uses gsub() to substitute each
3937: This R script connects to Send Grid using the provided API key and prints out success message if successful, otherwise it throws an appropriate
3938: This R script creates an anonymous or "inline" version of the `paste` command. It takes two arguments - 'filename
3939: This R script defines an inception model type checker. It checks whether the input is "incetion v �
3940: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 object called 'select_from' that takes two arguments - caption and
3941: A R script to generate the URL used in KeyBase API lookup operation using provided Username as input parameter – https:/
3942: This R script defines the 'compute\_xI\_\'function that takes three arguments; returns t and rifree
3943: This R script defines the mathematical model of theory behind loren's phenomenon. The input parameters are frequency content fc and
3944: A simple R script that adds the input parameter 'mono' to 19 and returns it. The result is stored
3945: This R script defines an anonymous or named "retrieveTaskIdFromMessage" that takes two arguments, 'header' and
3946: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture in R. It takes as input any positive integer and returns its sequence generated
3947: This R script defines the 'getFigureHeight' to calculate height of figures based on number categories. It returns ‘default
3948: This R script defines the 'marge' ranges. It takes two vectors as input and returns their intersection or union depending on
3949: This R script defines the FIZZ BUZZ logic in an anonymous functional form, which takes one argument num and returns "
3950: This R script checks if the length of sub rule tokens equals 1. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
3951: This R script converts special characters in the input string to their safe XML equivalent. It uses regular expressions and replacements
3952: This R script defines the 'computePRF' or Precison Recall FScore calculation functions which takes three arguments - Total
3953: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes two arguments - 'PATHLENGTH' and the object of
3954: This R script checks if the length of each sequence matches or exceeds given threshold in two different sequences based on their start and end
3955: This is an implementation of the equation "ek = (-8 + √((x^n)/π)-z)" in
3956: This R script defines the 'perpendicular' distance calculation between two points. The perpendicular line is calculated by using cross product and
3957: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion in R. The first line defines our 'function
3958: This R script defines an input to the CDPRO program that formats and prepares data in headers formatting with specific parameters such
3959: This R script reads the content of an external .txt or other type files from specified path and returns it as string in one
3960: This R script checks whether the answer object has read me field. If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is returned by
3961: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that calculates latency values in seconds. The input parameters are minimum and average
3962: This R script creates an anonymous inline JavaScript expression that checks if the current element is not preceded by another specified string. It
3963: This R script defines an error handling mechanism. It takes two arguments - 'res' and another object with keys as codes to
3964: This R script converts the byte value to percentage by dividing it with maximum possible intensity of an RGB color in grays
3965: These functions are used to scale and clamp values within the specified range [0;1]. The first one scales value between
3966: This R script checks if the input eye color string matches any of 6 valid colors. The six possible values are "Amb
3967: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional response to compare two vectors. It returns 'equal' if the elements of both
3968: This R script defines the 'dequantile' or "uncertainty quantification" operation. It takes three arguments -
3969: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional expression that takes in one argument 'OS' and returns the username associated with it
3970: This R script replaces the dollar signs in an expression field with curly brackets.  It does so by replacing '
3971: This R script calculates the accuracy of predictions made by an algorithm. It takes two vectors as input and returns their mean value
3972: This R script creates an ID to address mapping. It takes the HUE identifier as input and returns only first part of it
3973: This R script creates KAFKA versions based on the provided parameters. It checks whether all required inputs are present and stops
3974: A simple R script to retrieve the value of an existing tag from given list. If no such Tag exists it throws error message
3975: This R script checks whether every element of the first vector is present within another. If not it returns FALSE and otherwise TRUE after
3976: This R script replaces the decimal point followed by zero with tab character in input string, and removes any trailing zeros
3977: This R script cleans the POS labels by removing special characters and replacing underscores with spaces. The cleaned label is then
3978: This R script defines an automatic ROI radius calculation based on the difference between rows and columns of input image size in pixels using
3979: This R script checks whether the input provided by user or any other source in an interactive environment, ie., command line argument
3980: This R script defines the 'proof of work' algorithm. It takes as input two parameters - an initial hash and its corresponding
3981: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that joins two strings with optional separator. If either string is empty
3982: This R script defines an allowable extension list and checks if the input files have any of these extensions. If they do not
3983: A simple R script to generate the URL of an archived file from GH releases page on phyluk's
3984: This R script fixes the endings of sentences that start with "End" or contain only one word. It converts all
3985: This R script calculates the maximum speed from geographical data by finding and returning its value converted to kilometers per hour
3986: This R script defines the 'normailze requirement' and it takes in an input string, replaces underscores with
3987: This R script calculates the value of an expression based on three input parameters. The formula used is "a" = sq
3988: This is an R script that checks if the input 'node' exists in provided "List of Nodes". It returns TRUE
3989: This R script defines the `match_MIME` MIMI type based on file extension. It uses an if else
3990: This R script defines the 'linear trans' object which interpolates between two points using an exponential decay. The parameters are initial
3991: This R script creates and returns the current time in YYYMMDDTHHHmmSS format using Systime(). The
3992: This R script checks if the input string is in 'x/y' format and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether
3993: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional form that takes in one argument - path. It splits the input string into
3994: A simple R script that converts spaces in the inputted strings to underscores.  It's called "sn
3995: This R script defines an anonymous or inline version of the 'distance' between two points in 3D space using Euclidean
3996: This R script generates all possible combinations of parentheses that can be formed from n pairs. The output is returned as an
3997: This R script defines the 'signnum' or binary operator that returns +/-/+ depending on whether first argument is greater
3998: This R script defines an 'scanFrame' that checks the length of alignment within frames. The reference start is adjusted by one
3999: This R script checks whether the input string contains any spaces and adds an apostrophe before it only when necessary. If there
4000: This R script defines the 'resolveUrl' Function. It takes two arguments - url and an associative array of URLs
4001: This R script is used to extract the unique pointer from an object.  It uses 'getUniquePtr' method of
4002: This R script checks whether the input 'dat' has exactly one element and that it contains only lists, with at most two
4003: This R script checks an input vector 'numbers' to see whether it contains the sequence [1, then followed by two
4004: This R script checks if all elements in the input list are equal. If they're not it returns FALSE else TRUE based
4005: This R script calculates the isotropy factor based on input parameters. The inputs are resolution and space between two points in
4006: This R script defines the 'gradient' as an anonymous or inline user defined functions that calculates and returns slope of linear regression
4007: This R script defines an AD conversion to moisture level calculation based on the raw ADC value and two soil values which are assumed as
4008: This R script defines the 'strip' command that removes specified characters from an input string. The arguments are used to specify which
4009: This R script defines an anonymous or named mathematical operation called "my_sqrt" that takes one argument, x. It uses
4010: This R script defines an additive operation on three elements of two vectors. The result is another vector with the summation applied
4011: This R script formats the input 'label' vector into string. If there are any label names and their corresponding values provided in
4012: This R script replaces all occurances of the old string with given replacement. The input is an existing text and it finds
4013: This is the R implementation of an ODE solver using two parameters in both equations to model predator and prey dynamics respectively
4014: This R script generates the powerset of all numbers from two to given ceiling. It then returns unique number count which is equivalent
4015: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes two arguments - datestamp and time stamp. It concatenates
4016: This R script defines the 'getFsed' or factor score effect size calculation. The input is numeric and returns an
4017: This R script defines the 'foundation profile' as an analytical model to calculate and output values. The parameters are defined by
4018: This R script calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'value1' and "Value B" then
4019: This R script formats the input string to remove unnecessary characters such as commas and dollar signs. It also removes spaces from text
4020: This R script defines the 'scale and trim' box operation which scales up or down an inputted set of bounding rect
4021: This script defines two functions - `to_nodalabel` and  `clusterInfo()`` that convert K8s object
4022: A simple R script that calculates the cost of shipping based on distance in km using an IF statement and error handling mechanism to
4023: This R script defines the 'getCommonShape' functions that takes two vectors as input and returns another one. If both inputs
4024: A simple R script that converts boolean values to binary. If the input is true, it returns ‘true’ as
4025: This R script compares two responses and returns TRUE when they are equal or one of them has NULL value; otherwise it will
4026: A simple R script that creates an assignment statement.  It takes two arguments - the name of one signal and another's
4027: This R script defines the `buildBaseUrl` Function. It takes three arguments - 'Host', and two optional parameters ('
4028: This R script checks whether every element of the first input vector is also present as an item within another. If not it returns
4029: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'wrap' border functionality. It takes three arguments and returns
4030: This R script converts Farenheight to Celsuis using the formula of conversion from degrees in one scale, and
4031: This R script checks whether the third and fourth elements of an input vector are both zero. If they're, it returns
4032: This R script defines an anonymous or named "getLowercaseMethod" that takes in one argument, method. It returns the
4033: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two columns. It takes in 3 arguments; one column from dataframe and
4034: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in two arguments. If the first and second argument are equal
4035: This is an implementation of the AkaiKE model in R. It takes two arguments - LnLI and K which are
4036: This R script calculates the molarity of two substances in an alchemical reaction using their molecular weights and densities respectively
4037: This R script fixes aspect providers by checking each provider's class and removing the ones that are of type DefaultInfo, which
4038: This R script removes redundancy in the input string by removing extra white spaces. It uses functions like `trim` to eliminate
4039: A simple R script that converts NULL values to an empty string in the input vector "input".  This is useful when
4040: This R script defines the 'scale' functio. It takes four arguments x ,a,,  and so on.,
4041: Code that determines how many tweets can fit into an account given its remaining balance and returns it as part or all tweet amounts
4042: This R script defines the 'normalize' normalization procedure, which scales and shifts all pixel values in an input matrix to be
4043: This R script defines an 'if' condition that checks whether the input parameter, ```val``` , contains either NULL or
4044: This R script calculates the download size list based on file'size and number of sections. It uses 'lubrid
4045: This R script defines the 'local radius' of an object. The formula used is based on its distance from origin in polar
4046: This R script defines the 'passSourcesListFilter' which checks whether an event source is present within any of given list
4047: This R script defines an 'extractRetry()', which checks the presence of key named "retires" in input
4048: This R script calculates the Area of triangle using given values in two parameters - Perpendicular and Base – which are
4049: This R script calculates the value of an option with Black Scholes model using European style calculations and recursion in case there
4050: This R script calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions using Euclidean norm. The formula is sqrt((x
4051: This R script defines the 'normalizeSpacs' or abbreviated as normSpc, which takes in one argument -
4052: This R script defines the 'sub' operation which subtracts one input from another. If vectors have unequal lengths it
4053: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes in one argument, 'TUNe', and returns
4054: A simple R script that calculates the cumulative total of numbers from one to num. It uses looping construct and an
4055: A simple R script that generates and returns the specified number of digit characters. The numbers are randomly generated using sample() from
4056: This R script calculates the number of times 'five' can be divided by any positive integer. It does so through repeated
4057: This R script creates an object named ```'SessionDefaultFixtures`'' that contains the default fixturessession
4058: A simple R script that performs division. If the second argument is zero it returns -  one line of text describing what happened
4059: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes three parameters old value and the desired new one in parameter
4060: A simple R script that dumps the arguments passed to it in JSON format.  It does not do anything with them,
4061: This R script creates two separate lists in the form of dictionaries. The first dictionary contains information about primary dataset and second one
4062: This R script replaces all occurrences of '.' in the string with '_' before calling assert() or any other
4063: This R script defines the 'function' named "npths" that calculates number of paths in an m x 3
4064: This R script calculates the fraction of water in an object that is made up from liquid by using its total mass and another
4065: This R script checks if the given filename ends with .yml or ym. It does so by checking whether it matches
4066: This R script creates an object called "origions" that returns the items from distribution's Origin column.  It
4067: This R script defines an anonymous ("unnamed") or "one line" version of the `rm` command. The main
4068: This R script creates an URL string using the Bootstrap CDN base url and appending to it with given file name or
4069: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input one string and returns the same modified version of
4070: This R script maps values from one range to another. The mapping is done using linear interpolation between the two ranges and then
4071: This R script defines the 'categorise_type' of day. It takes an input x and returns either "
4072: This R script defines the Fisher's exact test which is used to compare two categorical variables in order of their occurrence ratio
4073: This R script checks if the inputted argument 'x' can be interpreted as an integer. It uses regular expressions to check
4074: A R script that separates the specified characters from input string.  It uses regular expressions to replace these with spaces and back
4075: This R script defines the 'sum contrast' or difference between two values. It takes three arguments - value to be compared with
4076: This R script defines the logical OR operator as its own binary operation. It then tests it on two boolean values using different combinations
4077: This R script checks if the first character of an input item in affiliation format using regular expressions and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
4078: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line prediction probability model. The input parameters are 'diameters' and the output
4079: This R script checks whether the given game's current state is not finished. It does so by checking each line of input
4080: This R script defines an 'mod' or modular arithmetic operation. It takes two arguments and performs the remainder of division between
4081: This R script calculates the magnitude of 3xN matrix. It takes as input two vectors, computes their dot
4082: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes one argument 'Date'. If the Date is not null then
4083: This R script checks if the return value of an operation matches any known disconnect codes. If it does, then returns TRUE;
4084: This R script converts the input indices into linear index format. The first element of 'ni_nj' is multi
4085: This R script defines an 'find' or search functionality that looks up the first occurrence of any object with matching `.Name
4086: This R script creates an anonymous or "mix" operation that takes three arguments. The first two are the inputs and third argument
4087: This R script defines an "smart" min() equivalent that handles NA values by returning the first non NULL value it encounters
4088: This R script defines the 'remove any pipe values from' and returns only non-"Pipe" or "Tilde"-
4089: This R script calculates the derivative of log() with respect to its input.  The output is stored in 'dout
4090: This R script converts frames to time. It takes two arguments - the number of total seconds or milliseconds in '
4091: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that checks if the input x can be converted to numerics and returns
4092: This R script defines an 'find' or search functionality that checks whether the given list contains any item with id equal to provided
4093: This R script defines an AWGN gate. It takes two arguments - 'get' and ‘return’ functions from
4094: This R script converts binary array to string. It takes an input of any length and returns the same as output but in
4095: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the temperature factor based on hVAC control input,
4096: This R script defines an anonymous or named "is valid by" birth year checker, which checks if the inputted value
4097: This R script checks whether the input list is in strictly increasing order. If it's not, then returns FALSE; otherwise
4098: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. The name of the person is passed as input to create
4099: This R script calculates Fresnell's number using given parameters in input and returns it as output."}`;
4100: This R script calculates the JACCARD similarity between two lists. The input is expected to be vectors of elements and
4101: A simple R script to calculate the Manhatten distance between two vectors.  The result is returned as an output of your
4102: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the URL and returns it with its trailing
4103: This R script defines the 'clamp' short version of an integer. It checks whether input is greater than or less equal
4104: This R script converts time in seconds into hours minutes and second format using integer division to get the number of full units first
4105: This R script replaces multiple instances of the specified string within another given text. The replacement is done case sensitive and it keeps
4106: This R script calculates the Chi square distribution. It takes three parameters and returns one value which is equivalent to calculating Chis
4107: This R script checks whether the input geographical codes are in an array of known 'bad' ones. If they do,
4108: This R script calculates the value of phi using an equation derived from Euler's number e. The formula used
4109: This R script defines an "location" object that takes in one argument which is the name of any given observing station and returns
4110: This R script defines an 'eps' or error probability scalar. It checks the input parameter and returns different values based on whether
4111: This R script calculates the difference between two numbers and divides it by their sum. The result is returned as an output
4112: This R script converts an IP address to its integer representation using bitwise operations and string splitting functions from the base package of
4113: This is an implementation of the integer square root algorithm. It uses binary search to find and returns any nonnegative number that satisfies
4114: This R script defines the `pad_version` functions that pads version strings with leading zeros to match specified length using string
4115: This R script calculates the Median of three numbers. It subtract minimum from sum and then maximum to get total difference
4116: This R script defines an anonymous, one line version of the 'stripSchemaVersion()'. It checks whether there is any key
4117: This R script calculates the font size based on an input scale and dimensions of images in pixels using simple mathematical operations to calculate
4118: This R script defines an order query string generator. It takes in the current orders and fields to be ordered as input parameters;
4119: This R script defines the 'parseLine' Function that takes in one argument - A string of space separated values and returns an
4120: This R script splits the input string into separate components based on slash ('/'). The first component is returned as output
4121: This R script defines an 'upranks' functions that checks the dimensions of input data and returns it in different forms depending
4122: This R script defines an 'filtenumber' filter that takes in one character string and returns the corresponding number. If no
4123: This R script defines the "getSqmt" orchestrator that takes an input header and returns SQUAD
4124: This R script checks if the event object contains only one invocation of each domain. If it does, then returns TRUE;
4125: This R script defines an overlapping region between two regions. It takes in the coordinates of 4 numbers each representing one dimension
4126: This R script creates an anonymous, one line version of the RedirectURL() Function from reddits API v1/
4127: This R script parses the input string of cookie values into an associative array. The keys are unique identifiers and corresponding
4128: This R script generates deployment IDs by combining the provided Deployments and Resources. The output is in format of 'De
4129: A simple R script that defines two functions, one checks the class and returns input value when it's numerical. The other
4130: A simple R script that multiplies two numbers. The result is returned by the 'analysis' product() of these parameters in
4131: This R script defines the `writeInfo()' Function which writes out information about an input parameter structure to console or file depending
4132: This R script creates an anonymous or "make negative" functions that takes in one argument, number. It returns the absolute value
4133: This R script calculates the Mass Transfer Coefficients of Wind using Misher' Kharatyan formula, which
4134: This R script defines an 'if' statement that checks the type of input and performs different actions based on its value, returning
4135: This R script defines an 'if' condition to handle different colors in the terminal. It uses escape sequences (\r\n
4136: This R script defines the 'function' named ```TimeToStr``` that converts seconds into human readable form.
4137: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" called '`' `'' that checks whether the input number, num
4138: This is an example of using R programming language. The 'function' keyword defines the start and end points, followed by defining
4139: This R script defines an absolute difference between two values and calculates the percentage of their relationship using simple arithmetic operations in one
4140: This R script formats the number to be displayed in scientific notation when it is an integer or fractional part of ‘Inf
4141: This R script defines an 'else' while loop that checks whether the input number exists within provided list of integers. If it
4142: This R script converts an input dictionary into vector form. The output is the count of each word from 'labeled'
4143: This R script adds equal number of "padding" characters to the end ('==') in each group that is not divisible
4144: This R script splits the input string into two lists based on whether it is part of an inline or block comments. The
4145: This R script converts RGB values into hexadecimal color codes and then uses these colors in an HTML document using the
4146: This R script defines an anonymous ("anonymous") or "force slash end" version of the paste() and grepl
4147: This R script defines an argument checker that accepts only numerics as input and returns the arguments in one line of output with
4148: This R script defines an anonymous or named "function" that takes in one argument, lst. It returns the list of
4149: This R script defines an anonymous or named "parseLayer" that takes one argument - line and splits it into two parts
4150: This R script defines the 'getSequenceLength' Function. It takes two arguments - number of stages and layers per stage which
4151: This R script converts string to numerics if possible, otherwise it returns NA  Code explanation and usage of the functions in
4152: This R script checks if the first character of each input string is #. If it isn’t and there are characters in
4153: This R script adds slashes to the end of an input path. If it already ends with one or more '/', then
4154: This R script reads data from the specified text or CSV files and returns it as character vector of lines if successful; otherwise
4155: This R script defines the 'getTask' method that retrieves specific information from an object of class "tasks". The
4156: This R script calculates the Mean and Standard Deviation of an input list in one line using vectorized operations instead than
4157: This R script defines the 'daylighst saving' parameter. It takes three parameters m and weekdays of month ('
4158: This R script defines the 'function' named "scaleBetween" that scales values between two given minimum and maximum boundaries.
4159: This R script defines the 'scale' functio. It takes three arguments and scales its value between two given points in
4160: This R script defines the 'determ' object which calculates and returns an output based on three input parameters. The inputs are
4161: This R script defines the 'get_commonstartstring' that takes two strings as input and returns their common starting string.
4162: This R script defines the `getModifedColumns` functions that takes two arguments - an array of column name to be
4163: This R script calculates the Sum of Squared Numbers from an input number 'N'. The formula used is derived
4164: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'median' and minimum functions on 3D arrays
4165: This R script fetches the pipelining information from an OpenShift cluster using HTTP requests to localhost port 876
4166: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in the name of file and checks whether it ends with
4167: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes as input list of strings and returns the concatentated
4168: A recursive implementation of the "contains" operation in R. It checks whether one character sequence is contained within another by comparing
4169: This R script defines the 'derivative' of an L^p loss. The input is two vectors `x`
4170: This R script defines the 'transition' soil moisture content calculation. The input parameters are total final amount of water and organic matter
4171: A simple R script to check if an object should be skipped based on its docstring. If the document string of '
4172: This is the recursion version of FIBONACCI sequence. It calculates each number by adding up two previous numbers
4173: This R script defines the 'getLine' Function that calculates and returns an array of integers representing lines on either side from
4174: This R script defines an "defaultKMer" or shortened to just the name of its functions. It checks whether input
4175: This R script defines an 'ix' object that takes three arguments and returns the sum of these values.  The first two
4176: This R script creates an "identity matrix" of the specified dimension. The created object is named 'set'. Each element within
4177: This R script defines the `lookUpTlvType` which maps TLV types to their corresponding names. It also
4178: This R script defines the 'gcf' or greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid’s algorithm.
4179: This R script defines the 'barycenter' or centroid calculation. It takes three vectors and weights them according to user
4180: This R script defines an anonymous or named "handle" single argument". It takes three arguments - the first two are vectors of
4181: This R script checks if the input key is not in predetermined list of valid keys. The only allowed inputs are '
4182: This R script cleans and formats the input string by removing unnecessary characters. It also ensures that it doesn't exceed Discords
4183: This R script checks whether the input string 'href' represents an URL that links to one of our social media platforms. It
4184: This R script defines the 'getPreProcName' which takes as input an argument "file" and returns its base
4185: This R script defines the 'retrieve value from pair' functionality. It takes in two arguments - an key and list of
4186: This R script defines an 'changeJobName' that takes in two arguments - the original lines of text and desired name.
4187: A simple R script to return the id and verson of an installed package.  The input is two parameters - 'Pack
4188: This R script defines an anonymous or named "isClose" that checks if two numbers are close to each other within the specified
4189: This R script defines an 'which set' type of classification based on the hash value from file names. The classifications are
4190: This R script defines the 'transposer' or "function" that takes an image list and returns another set of images
4191: This R script creates an output filename based on the input name. The extension is .PNG by default but can be changed
4192: This R script defines the 'getParticipants' functions that takes as input an object of class "Slotted" and returns
4193: A simple R script that calculates the area of rectangle. It checks whether inputs are nonnegative and returns error message otherwise with
4194: This R script checks whether the given 'configurations' exist within an input dictionary of configurations and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
4195: This R script defines an encoding label generator. It takes in one argument, 'Text', and replaces all instances of the
4196: This R script defines an object named 'classify\_bm' that takes in one argument, bmi and returns the corresponding
4197: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one line functions that takes in the path of any type and returns only filename from
4198: This R script defines an 'close enough' checker that compares two values and returns TRUE if the absolute difference between them
4199: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that calculates the normalized difference between two angles in degrees, taking into
4200: This R script defines an inline comment. The purpose of the program is to prevent resetting ports in Arduino environment when power status
4201: A grouping operation that takes an expression as input and returns it enclosed in parentheses.  It's used
4202: This R script defines an anonymous or inline one line functions that calculates the overlap between two rectangular regions. The input is four
4203: This R script fixes the given input by removing all dots from it.  The result is returned as an output of fixed string
4204: This R script creates an anonymous or unnamed named list. The input is the keyword argument which should be passed as string to
4205: This R script defines an anonymous or named functional programming language. It takes as input the name of one channel and returns its equivalent
4206: This R script converts the number of data points in each row into pages. It does so by taking an input parameter '
4207: This R script converts the input string "name" into its path format. It replaces all "/"-symbols with
4208: A recursive implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to compute greatest common divisor.  The input parameters are two numbers 'x
4209: This R script defines the 'scale' or normalization/scaling functions. The input value is scaled between 0 and given
4210: A simple R script that adds two numbers. If the second number is zero it returns first one instead of adding them together and
4211: This R script defines the 'getAudioVersion' which takes an input parameter, "verion", and returns it formatted as
4212: This R script defines the 'set' command to store large steps in an object.  The input is expected as numeric
4213: This R script defines an object named 'A' that calculates the semi major axis of elliptical orbits based on parameters
4214: This R script checks whether the input value is an "ONLY" six digit number with no repeating numbers and all of them
4215: This R script calculates the arithmetic average of numeric input vector 'x'. The result is returned as an output from
4216: This R script defines an anonymous or named, one argument functions that takes in row data and returns the canonical name of species from
