1: This R script counts the occurrence of two and three in each layer. It then multiplies these occurrences by their respective
2: Function to fetch UK Biobank Beads Sumstat file path.  The beads sum statistic files are stored
3: This R script defines the precision of an object. It takes as input two confusion matrices and returns their respective precisions, or
4: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  The result is computed as an approximation to be used in optimization problems where we
5: This R script calculates the Spin Factor.  The formula used is J/Mc .   It's an
6: This R script filters the list of all unique case numbers in 'cases' dataframe based on date range.  It returns
7: Function that converts all lowercase characters in the input string into upper case letters using R's builtin touppers
8: This is the vector division of two vectors.  It takes in one input which should be another R object and returns its elements
9: This R script checks the existence of keys from one dictionary to another. If key exists then it uses that value otherwise default values
10: A simple R script to calculate the power of 0 or negative number, and raise it back into its original form when possible
11: This is the implementation of an RGB to grayscale conversion algorithm using only basic arithmetic operations and no other functions or libraries
12: Convert CBSAs to location ids.  This is used in the creation of spatial data frames and other geographic information
13: A helper to filter out the root account usage events in AWS CloudTrails logs  . This is useful when you want only
14: A recursive solution to the problem of counting ways up stairs.  The number n represents how many steps you have left,
15: Convert the given level of certainty into an appropriate label. 1 = "success", .6 -> warning, >8
16: Increments the first element of each list by one and decrementing second elements. If it is zero then incremeent
17: This R script takes three arguments and returns the string with substituted characters. It uses 'paste' to combine parts of strings
18: This R script calculates the journal's publication date.  It takes two arguments publishers and years of issue respectively .
19: checks whether the input 'lines' contains any of several credit related terms.  It returns TRUE when it finds one, FALSE
20: Convert units of properties.  This is used to change the unit from one type into another using provided dictionary mapping . The input
21: Computes the probability of an event occurring given two probabilities in R  Code to compute and return three values representing different outcomes when
22: A simple implementation of the ToFFOLI gate.  It takes three inputs and returns one output based on whether all input
23: Convert frequency value to standardized version.  This is used in the calculation of variance and covariance matrix elements which are required by
24: Convert hexadecimal colors to RGB.  Input string should be of the form "#rrggbb". Returns an integer
25: Builds model metadata in the form of an object with properties like "Name", “Is Public” and TLP level
26: Parses finger prints of various types into R objects that can be used in downstream analysis or manipulation functions like l
27: checks if the given pathname points to an existing directory.  It returns TRUE when it does and FALSE otherwise .    Code
28: This R script retrieves the package name from an input string. If it's part of another packaged object or not
29: A simple fixed formating of the input value.  It formats negative values as degrees with sign and positive ones without it .
30: Function to determine whether the first two characters of an R script are 'ff' or not. If they aren’t it
31: Create tag string from name and verion number  . Inputs are the names of tags to be created as strings , followed
32: Convert list of numeric values to string with comma separator  Code is used in R environment . The input can be NULL
33: Function to check whether the input is NULL or 'none' and convert it into `NA`, otherwise returns original string as
34: Function that converts an input distribution object into its unweighed population.  If the provided argument is already in pop
35: This is the Vandermonde matrix generator in R  Code to generate an array of vectors that are used as input parameters
36: This R script checks whether the given cell is either in same or adjacent to be attacked.  It returns TRUE when it'
37: A simple implementation of the game "Life" in R. The rules are as follows - If alive and has two or three
38: Function to calculate the same padding required in an array of numbers . The calculation is based on some formula and rounded off with round
39: A simple R script to replace spaces in string with non breaking whitepace character &#160;&ensp;/&#
40: Create JINJA  template file name.   Inputs : File Name . Returns the jinahua' s
41: Calculates the average of two numbers.  Code is used to calculate an arithmetic mean value from three given parameters and one
42: Function to calculate the scaling factor based on image size and preference level .   Input parameters are ZPImg - Image Size in
43: Function to calculate the sale price after SL.  Inputs are contract and sales lead pricing details . Returns calculated Sale Price After
44: This R script generates two training configurations based on the input configuration. The first is used in trainer' s createTrain
45: Calculates the Root Mean Square Difference between two numbers .   The RMSE is calculated as per formula :sqrt
46: Function to verify if the REFL10 DLL version is compatible with R 3 or higher .    [...]
47: Converts feet to meters using the conversion factor of .697 Metric Tons per Pound as an example
48: A simple R script to calculate the percentage of an input number.  The result is returned as output and stops when it enc
49: Checks if the given object has an associated terminal.  This can be used to determine whether or not stdout/st
50: This R script converts the first letter of each word in an inputted sentence to capitalized.  It does not affect
51: This R script cleans the input string by replacing non word characters with underscores.  It uses Perlish regular expressions to
52: A linear interpolation between two vectors.  The result is the same as if you had linearly spaced points on either side
53: This R script defines an anonymous or "mutable" version of the maximum value in vector 'x'. It checks that x has
54: Get the home page URL of an installed Python package.  [1 line] .get pkg name -> str :
55: This is the support vector machine algorithm. It uses different weights to classify data points based on their distance from decision boundary .
56: A simple R wrapper around the ConceptNet API to get contextualized word vectors ...} .   This
57: A simple R script to isolates the specified number of digits from left side in decimals  . The result is
58: Convert an array of string pairs into dictionary format.  The input is expected to be the output from getopt(). .e
59: This is the R script to calculate absolute limit of items on each page based upon user input or default value 40 .
60: Create or update the position of an existing TIKZ image.  This is used to add nodes in images created with
61: Checks if the movie 'movie' exists in list of films.  If it does exist then returns TRUE else FALSE
62: Create an object that can be used to generate titles.  The string is wrapped in the specified number of underscores and
63: This R script calculates the number of required swap operations to sort an array. The input is expected as integer vector, and
64: Create and manipulate keyword strings. This script is used in conjunction with R programming language's tidyverse package
65: Compare two numbers based on the given criterion.  If 'Most' is chosen as Critera then it returns whether both are
66: This R script converts the amplitude of an array 'amp' to complex exponential. The input is two arrays - one with
67: Function to generate atom swaps.  Input is an object of class 'swp' with two attributes id and type .
68: This R script checks the difference between two sets of labels. If there are less than 'top k' common label differences found
69: checks whether the wagers amount can be placed in current account's funds.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .   [
70: This checks whether the input list is empty or not. If all elements of an array are nonempty, it returns TRUE;
71: Prepare and Expand Argument Function. This script prepares the argument to be used when expanding arguments into an object of
72: This R script adds white space at the end of input strings until they reach specified lengths.  It is used to ensure that
73: checks if an object can be converted to dictionary format.  [1 line]   Code snippet that implements the functionality
74: Flattern list of lists into one long vector.  Code is used to convert nested vectors/lists and return them as single
75: This R script defines the 'rev' command that takes an angle in degrees and returns it rotated back to its original position
76: This R script defines the 'round' list operation. It rounds each element of an input numerically to specified number digist
77: A simple R script to remove vowels from text.  Code written by @johnson619 .    Date
78: This is the implementation of an R script that checks whether two numbers are within specified ranges or not .  It stops and returns
79: Convert CF to decimal.  Converts the given compound fraction into its equivalent in base ten form as an integer or float
80: Create an R script that takes in one argument, expansion. If the input is of class character it returns first letter only otherwise
81: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns minimum value in vector t. This can be used
82: Create an informative string about the comparison.  The format is "Name of Comparison , Description from Country" . This will
83: Dispatch the result of an R object to another part.  This is useful when you want your application's output format
84: Function to check whether the value is greater than 0. If it'is, returns "more" else "" . This
85: This R script parses video IDs into two parts and returns them in the format of 'LETTERNUMBER'. The
86: A simple visitor that returns the name of an object.  This is used to get names from objects in R .    Code
87: This R script generates the base name of an input filename.  It splits on '.' to get parts and then joins
88: This R script returns the base path of an HTTP GET or POST requests.  It removes any trailing slash, and
89: Generates an XML representation of the robot model using xaero'sche XACRO markup language  .   #
90: This R script is used to identify the ORM in use. It checks whether 'Django' or SQLAlchemny
91: This R script calculates the x and y coordinates of fish in two different sources. The distance between them is determined by their
92: A simple R script to calculate the arithmetic mean of two numbers.    .     Code snippet : `average
93: This R script removes the dollar sign from numerics in string formatting inputted by user . This is useful when
94: checks if the input string matches any of R's built in constants.  Returns TRUE or FALSE .} Code:. This
95: This is an implementation of the zero checker. It checks whether x has absolute value less than tolerance or not and returns it
96: A função que calculo o valor de um produto com base no preco e na quantidade comprada
97: This is the first line of your R script. It defines an anonymous or named functional component that takes one argument, 'Name
98: Function to check if the input parameters are less than or equal one in size . The inputs should be multiplied by two and
99: Function to check if the given pattern exists in each element of an input vector.  Returns TRUE when at least one match is
100: A simple R script to convert seconds into hours/minutes format. The output is in the form of 'HHH :
101: This is the implementation of an evaluation metric. It takes two arguments - 'metrics' and ‘cutoffs’ .
102: This R script converts column names into lowercase, removes non alphanumeric characters and replaces multiple underscores
103: Convert Hexadecimal to Integer Function  . --> Code snippet : Converts the given string
104: This R script parses the test line into names and values. It splits by ';' character to get two parts
105: Function to convert an input number and its multiplier into the nearest whole positive int value .  If both are integers or non
106: A simple R script to format numbers with commas as thousands separators. This is useful when dealing directly in the console or
107: A simple R script to convert double quotes in the input strings.  If first character of an argument is not quote then add
108: This R script converts an arbitrary string into CSS valid variable names. It takes care of converting the first letter in uppercase
109: This R script converts the input number into its equivalent in kilobytes or megabyte format based on whether
110: This R script splits the input string by '-' and returns each substring as an element of another vector.  It
111: This R script checks whether the labels of an IO object are valid. It does so by checking that each label is either empty
112: This R script generates the different possible combinations of regions and zones from device details.  It is used to generate all potential configurations
113: This R script compares two dictionaries and returns the differences between them. It does so by comparing keys of both dictionary objects
114: This R script cleans the input string by removing special characters and spaces.  It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace
115: Interpolates between two sets of coordinates based on weights given by the third set as well an optional fourth parameter to control how
116: This is an implementation of the comparison between brackets.  It checks whether two characters are in matching pairs or not . If
117: A simple R script to check if the input number 'is' coded as an integer. If it’s not,
118: This R script checks whether the tenant is sandbox or not.  If it isn’s dev, then returns FALSE else
119: This R script cleans the directory name by removing special characters.  It also removes leading and trailing spaces from string elements in
120: This R script converts an object into list format, handling null and symbol objects in the process of conversion  .   [
121: This R script generates an Elasticsearch search request to perform multi term queries.  The user can specify the terms they want
122: This R script converts the expression into its mathematical equivalent. It can handle both positive and negative numbers with their respective signs included
123: A simple R script to check if the input number 'is even' or not. It returns TRUE when it finds an integer
124: This R script calculates the speed of sound in water using an equation derived from molecular dynamics simulations and is used to calculate velocity
125: Counts the number of times word appears within specified list.  Code is used to find out how many time specific term occurs
126: This R script generates URLs from the given base and list of protein codes .  The output is comma separated string with all
127: A simple comparison of three variables. The first variable is less than two and the second one checks if it's greater or
128: This R script is used to extract the name of one level above from an inputted string.  It does so by splitting
129: Wraps the input around in an array.  If it exceeds or is less than zero then adjust accordingly .   Input
130: This R script converts the input string to lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and changes all # symbols in
131: A simple R script that greets the user by their names. If no argument is provided it defaults to 'You'.
132: Check if the given string is strong enough to be considered as an acceptable username.  A user name must contain at least nine
133: This R script generates the keys of data.  It returns names from first element in dataset .   Code is used to get
134: Function to convert year in format YY into 4 digits. If the input is less than or equal zero, return
135: A simple implementation of the QNN square loss. It calculates mean squared error between label and predicted values in one dimension
136: Function to check whether the given coordinates are within an image. If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE .   [END OF SUM
137: A simple R program to calculate the Factorial of an input number. This is done by using looping constructs and multiplication
138: This R script removes special characters and spaces from the input string. It also converts all letters to lower case before returning it
139: Calculates Standardized Root Relative Error between two vectors.  The inputs are three numeric vector arguments and returns one scalar
140: This R script cleans the bib item strings. It removes leading and trailing whitespace, but not within quotation marks
141: A simple R script to add two integers. This is an example of how you can use the 'sum' command
142: Implement Newton's method to compute square root. The algorithm converges when the difference between successive approximations is less than
143: Create an R script that takes in the value of 'humid' and returns whether it is ok or high. 1
144: checks if the url points to an existing repository. This can be used in conjunction with other functions like getRepoInfo or
145: This R script creates an anonymous or unnamed named list of functions. The name is "antiVoewels" and
146: A record generator.  Generates an IP address based on the provided parameters and returns it as string in DNS format .e
147: This R script defines the "fullName" method that returns an application's fully qualified or complete path in terms of its
148: A simple implementation of the Linear Decays algorithm.  The decay is applied to an initial value and gradually reduces its size
149: checks whether all test cases have passed.  If not, returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE .   Inputs : A list of
150: This is the first step in data preparation. It scales and shifts all pixel values to be between [-0, +] .
151: This R script adds an EOL marker to the end of each object in your data frame.  It is used as part
152: This R script combines log messages into one line.  It removes any empty strings from the input vector and then pastes them
153: Checks if the given 'point' is within or on one of two rectangular regions. The first argument should be an array
154: Returns the string after slash. For example "/home" -> "ome". If no '/' is present in input
155: truncates the timestamp to seconds. This is useful when you want your timestamps in one format but need them all as
156: A recursive solution to the climbing stair problem. The number of ways you can reach nth step is calculated by adding up
157: Generates an expression from the given filter rules  Code snippet to be used in SQL query generation or data processing functions
158: Reads and concatenates the text from multiple files.  This is useful when you want to combine all of your source codes
159: This is the definition of an anonymous or unnamed JavaScript object that takes two points and returns their reflection.  The reflected x
160: Convert the first 6 elements of each row to string. The rest are concatenated with space in between them using R'
161: This R script checks if the input is an attachment of PDF file and it'll be considered as 'valid'.  It
162: A simple implementation of the tan h activation functio n .  It computes and returns gradients in one line using
163: This R script calculates the average pressure from two temperatures and one wet dry indicator.  The formula used is derived by using
164: This R script defines the `findSequenceDirection` which determines whether to go forward or backward in sequence based on input direction string
165: This R script checks whether the input string matches with valid IPv4 addresses or not using regular expressions and gregexpr() method
166: This R script creates an anonymous user defined functions that reverses the order of characters in each word within given string name .
167: This R script counts to float.  It converts the input count into its equivalent floating point value in terms of number precision
168: A simple R script to calculate the least common multiple of two numbers.  The LCM is calculated by dividing their product
169: Convert an Event List to Dictionary – Converts Events into dictionary format where keys are tags and values corresponding timestamps
170: This R script defines the 'function' to normalize progress by adding an offset and scaling it up or down according with provided
171: Generates the values of RHO in an iterative process. The first value is always equal to one divided by k and
172: This R script converts the input string to lowercase.  It replaces all slashes with hyphens and returns it
173: This R script returns the largest rectangular area of an array. It takes as input one or more images and outputs their dimensions with
174: This is the old version of get environment variable. It returns different values based on name passed to it, which can be used
175: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities. It replaces the following character sequences with its respective entity equival
176: Normalizes text by removing HTML tags, punctuation and converting all characters into their equivalent in the alphabet.  This is
177: This is the Huffmann coding algorithm. It's used to encode data in lossless way using binary codes and it
178: This R script formats the input dictionary of label values into one line string separated by commas and each pair is followed with "
179: This is the implementation of an efficient algorithm to count how many times one number can be divided by another. It returns -1
180: Convert an input string to text and vice versa.  This is useful when dealing with user inputs or data that needs cleaning
181: This is the definition of an object that calculates costs based upon whether or not to offer and turn.  The input parameters
182: Create an R script that generates descriptive statistics of the dataframe.  The input is two lists - one with column names
183: A simple error handling mechanism. This is used to generate an informative message when something goes wrong in the execution of your
184: A simple R script to cut off long strings.   .   `truncation point is set at the last space or
185: Function to check whether the 'gen' parameter in query parameters has been specified or not  . If yes, it returns true
186: Function to check whether or not the input number is an "odd" integer. A positive evenly divisible by either one
187: A simple implementation of the Binary Search algorithm. It checks whether an element is in list or not using recursion and returns
188: Simplified Infectious Disease Model with Susceptible , Exposed and Recovered states.  The model is
189: This R script is used to extract the required parameter values from Tessa’s profile object and store them into an internal data
190: A R script to generate the URLs of SEC financial statement data sets based on quarterly periods  . The input is
191: A linear model of age and its predicted value. The equation is y = ax + b where x = 3t + 4
192: A simple R script that asks user how they prefer an answer from -infinitely long list of options until correct one provided by
193: Function to convert an inputted cardinal point into its corresponding clockwise or counterclock wise rotation. If the first argument is not
194: A simple example of the use case where we are using recurssion to solve problems. In our scenario, it checks whether
195: Function to rounds down even numbers. If the number is odd, it adds one more unit than its nearest lower integer value .
196: Calculates the sum of squared differences between two vectors.   .    Example usage : `ddv = DDV
197: This R script converts the coordinates from their original scale to pixels on an image using pixel scaling factor based upon provided resou
198: Remove the percent signs from string.  This is used to remove any special characters that might cause issues with file paths or URL
199: Create an OAuth application on GitHub using the provided record as input parameters  Inputs : A data frame with columns '
200: A simple R script to calculate the squares of numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses basic arithmetic operations only
201: This R script checks whether two numbers given as input parameters 'are relatively prime' or "coPrime". It uses the
202: Convert boolean values to strings . 1 -> 'TRUE' , FALSE or any other value will be returned as is..
203: This R script adds the man page headers to your document.  It takes three arguments - 'name', which is who you
204: This R script defines the 'getInfoTimstep' to calculate timelag information based on time step size of computation .
205: Function to set the first element of an object. This is done by setting that value in place and returning it as output from
206: A simple R script to calculate the cubic of an input number  .   Input is checked whether it's numerical or not
207: A simple wrapper around R's built in `make.request` to create HTTP responses  . This is useful when
208: Calculates the perimeters of rectangles.  Inputs are two numbers representing rectangle' s dimensions and returns their combined
209: Decryption of the given encrypted message. This is done by taking modulo operation with secret key and then shifting it back to
210: This R script converts hexadecimal strings to ASCII characters using the ERD encoding scheme . The input is expected
211: This R script checks whether the input string is in regular interval format or not by checking various formats of dates and times like Y
212: Create an attribute name that indicates whether the property has been changed.  This is used to track changes in properties over time and
213: Creates temporary file names.  This is useful when you want to create unique, nonlocal files in your working directory that
214: This R script defines three functions to check the current game status. The first checks whether there's any empty spaces left on
215: This is the implementation of an R script that checks whether input values are within specified boundaries. If not it stops execution with error
216: This R script builds an SQL query string from the inputted list of keywords.  It uses 'paste' to combine all
217: Function to rounds an input number n downwards if it is even and up by one otherwise . e..g., the output
218: Returns the value of element at position 'i' in list l_.    Indexing is zero based. If out_
219: This R script adds two signals together. If the lengths of both inputs are not equal it returns NA and prints an error message
220: Remove the markup comments from an R MarkDown document.  This is useful when you want your README file or documentation
221: checks if the input value can be interpreted by R's internal integer type, ie., it must not contain any non
222: This R script creates leaf nodes in the tree.  It takes as input statistics and returns an object with those details about each
223: Increments the last two digits of each number in an input string representing software versions and returns it with updated first digit to
224: Normalizes glypthwidth to pt or in based on the input unit of measurement .    Input : Gives
225: Creates an SQL INSERT query with the given table name and parameters. If conflict occurs it will do nothing on insertion
226: This R script finds the fuel required to travel along an elliptical path. It calculates it based on distance travelled
227: Computes the product of two vectors. If both inputs are 4 elements long and have same values in corresponding positions then it
228: This is an R script that filters out the elements of 'keys' from dictionary.  It returns only those key value pairs
229: Convert underscores to dashes in variable names.  This is useful when working with data frames or column labels that contain
230: This is the R script to generate unigrams from given list of word. It takes as input an array/vector containing
231: Create an IO tag based on the type of token and its position in relation to other tokens  . If no specificity is
232: This R script parses an authors string into individual author names.  It splits the input by 'and' then removes
233: This R script deletes the first comment in each input string. It uses regular expressions to find and remove comments starting with //
234: A simple R script to subtracting two vectors elementwise.   .    Example usage : `vectorSubstract([40
235: This R script checks whether the best fitness of each generation has reached or exceeded its target.  If minimizing is set
236: This R script converts the first character of each word to uppercase and leaves all other characters in lower case or remain unchanged
237: Function to determine whether the expected port is within range of destination ports specified in "*" or specific ranges separated by hyphen (-
238: This R script generates SQL column names from the input vector of columns.  It is used to generate FTS indices and other
239: Checks if the number of spaces in 'X' is odd. If it isn’t, returns false; otherwise true
240: This R script implements the phase shift algorithm. It takes as input an array of numbers, and returns another one with its phases
241: This R script removes unwanted characters from the input string.  It also handles special cases like quotes, brackets and percent
242: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using R's built in functions . The input is expected as numerics
243: This R script cleans the input strings by removing special characters and numbers but keeps letters from being removed when they are not alph
244: Converts an integer to zeropadded string.  For example, if input is '1' it will return
245: checks if the data contains an error in yamldoc format.  Returns TRUE when there's at least one key
246: Convert string to boolean.  TRUE -> true, FALSE or anything else will be treated as false .    Example :str
247: This R script takes as input two lists of strings. It splits the first into chunks that do not exceed 'max
248: This is an R script that checks whether the input character belongs to one of four bases in DNA sequence or not, ie
249: Generates padding hexadecimal digits.  If the string length is less than required then it pads with zeros
250: Convert the given string to an equivalent URL that can be used in WolframeAlpha's input field  .}`
251: Function to check whether the given string represents an empty comment. 1/3 of lines are considered as comments in R programming
252: Create an R script that converts the color of text in console output to green. This is useful when you want
253: This R script calculates the Filaments and Planarities of an object.  It takes three parameters Lengths in
254: Convert the given row and column indices to an index.  For example if you have two columns in your data frame with names
255: This is the R script to calculate stress in hoops. The input parameters are P = pressure of water and H= height
256: This R script finds the largest number suffix in input string. It can identify and extract 'Millions', ‘Thous
257: This R script defines the `scale` value. It scales up/ down by multiplying current val with given ratio and returns
258: This R script is used to determine the lamina type based on input parameter "MemBranceGeom". If no
259: Function to generate YouTube URL from the given youtube Video Code  Inputs : Youtubevideo ID or Shortened
260: This R script checks whether the input sentence contains all alphabets from A - Z. It does so by checking each
261: This R script filters out the default parameters from an object. It checks whether each parameter is present or not and assigns it
262: This R script calculates the centroid of list/vector containing x and y coordinate pairs.  The input is expected to
263: Function to calculate the score of matching strings in two sequences based on their characters' similarity  . Input is any pair sequence and
264: This R script takes an input parameter as comma separated strings and returns the unique list of those inputs in order to clean up any
265: This R script is used to find the names of all AWS S3 Bucketes that do not have an associated key with specified
266: This is an R script that generates all numbers in the range from 'min' to maximum of two given values. The step
267: This R script converts the first character of an identifier into lowercase. It then loops through all subsequent characters and appends
268: Convert string to boolean.  TRUE/FALSE, T or t are converted into logicals true and false respectively . The other
269: This R script defines the 'which bin' or index of an element within specified range.  It checks each binary interval to
270: This R script calculates the frequency of each element present within an input list. It returns two values - Most common used and
271: This R script calculates the net income from selling an item. It takes as input cost price, sell prices and inventory of
272: Normalizes the numerics in column with z score normalization. This is used to standardise or scale data so that
273: This R script cleans the input string to remove any special characters or symbols. It checks whether there is '-' character in it
274: This R script defines the 'getNewValues' method that takes an input vector of numbers and returns all unique elements from it
275: Convert json dictionary to character type  . Input is JSON object, output will be converted into string format of the keys and values
276: Convert the input text into lowercase and replace spaces with underscores.  This is useful when you want your data in
277: This R script calculates the power of an experiment.  The inputs are two numbers representing total trials and successes respectively .
278: This R script determines the fields in an object list.  It uses Reduces and applies to apply functions on obj lists
279: Create an object that returns the type and version of each element in input list or data frame  .   - Node Type Name
280: Calculates the error probability of an inputted quantity Q.  The result is inversely proportional to its logarithm base e
281: Converts RGB color values to decimal. The input is an integer between [0,4]. Each component of the output
282: Remove the specified '<' character from start of each line in input strings; useful when working with text files that have been
283: Create an object that can be used to access the data in .RData files.  This is useful when you want your
284: Convert string input into boolean. If the value is yes, true or t then it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE .  [END
285: This R script cleans directory names by replacing special characters with underscores. The replacement is done in place, meaning the original
286: A simple R script to filter out lines that start with "#" in the input file. This is useful when you
287: This R script fits an image to the specified dimensions while maintaining its aspect ratio.  The result is returned as three elements in
288: This R script expands hexadecimal strings into their 4 bit equivalent. If the input string is of length three
289: This R script returns the name of students with 98 or above. If no such scores exist, it will output '
290: This R script converts the first letter of each word in an input string into uppercase and all other letters are converted as
291: This R script calculates the last digs of power operation on given number and returns it in numerics format .  The
292: Calculates the variance of Binomial distribution.  Inputs are number 'N' and probability "P". Returns
293: This R script converts an integer to its corresponding Hexadecimal representation using base conversion algorithm . The input is the
294: This is the R programming language's implementation of an inverse operation on cutting. It takes three arguments - number to be removed
295: This R script calculates the width of separation between headers and values in data frame.  It takes into account possible extra space
296: Create an argument specification to use with the 'shp' driver in R .  This will return only one path, which
297: This R script checks whether the user is allowed to perform an action based on their current set of tagged items.  It takes
298: A helper to generate attribute names. This is used in the creation of object attributes and also as part o f an internal
299: Replace all occurrences of 'name'.  The dictionary contains replacements to be made .   Example usage :
300: checks if the input string starts with http:// or https:/.  Returns TRUE when it does and FALSE otherwise .   Code
301: This R script removes surrougated pairs from the input string. It checks whether there are any unicode characters in between
302: Convert input to either vector or/and convert it into an object of class "List"  .   If the argument passed
303: This R script checks whether the debug option is set to true or not, and returns TRUE when it's on otherwise FALSE
304: Function to check whether the given hosts are proxied or not.  It checks each element of an input vector against all
305: This R script makes the name of files from full path. It splits by '/' and takes last element as filename without
306: Function to retrieve output value from an object.  If not found returns "Not Found".   Input is list of objects and
307: This R script generates an option list from the command line arguments. It splits each argument into individual elements and checks whether it
308: This is an R script that shifts the values in vector 'X' by half and then corrects any outliers at
309: A simple R script to convert an input number into its individual digit vector  .   Inputs : n -> any numer
310: This R script calculates the velocity of space. It takes two parameters 'lambda' and "Lambda", which are used to
311: Update configuration with new values.  This is used to modify the current configurations of an application or service by adding/removing
312: This R script generates the count and list all unique Patient IDs present within given files .  It checks whether there are
313: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits value to be within specified range.  It's used in many
314: This is the basic structure of an R script that sorts publications by year.  It takes as input one data frame with publication
315: This script defines the "match" object which takes two arguments - an array or vector containing characters and another matrix/array with
316: Function to extract the repository or organization from GitHub URLs  .   Input is expected as string of git hub urls
317: checks if an object belongs to the element tree or not  .    [END] Code Summary:[/summary].[enter
318: This R script is used to generate the file name with less extension from full pathname of an inputted .txt or other
319: Flatens the list structure of an input vector by recursively calling itself on each element that is also another nested/structured
320: Create an object that represents 1d or multi dimensional grids. The dimensions of the box are set by user input and
321: This R script pads the input string with leading zeros to make it 3 characters long, or returns unaltered otherwise
322: Transform alignment results into simple dictionary format .    Inputs : Alignment Results -> OutputS Format is Dictionary with two
323: This is the implementation of two functions that calculate density and concentration at any point. The first one calculates only on top part
324: This is the linear regression model. It takes two parameters and returns an equation of line that fits best to data points in dataset
325: Convert List of Domain Objects to Dictionary.  This is used when you have an object that has multiple instances and each
326: This R script replaces all numbers with '<>'. It is used to clean the log file. The input and output are
327: checks if the product of two numbers is greater than 6. If it's not then returns FALSE else TRUE .
328: This R script cleans the SQL syntax from user input. It removes all non alphanumeric characters except underscores and
329: This is the loss calculation between prediction and actual value.  It calculates squared difference of predictions from targets .    [
330: A simple R script that greets the user by their given names. This is an example of how to define and
331: A simple R script to scale the input signals by given factors  Inputs are two numerical vectors and returns their product . The
332: This program calculates the sum of all multiples between two numbers that are divisible by either three or five. It also
333: This R script is used to extract the specific modules' names from an input vector of strings.  The output will be returned
334: Monitor the queue of messages in an RMQ.  This is used to check if there are any unprocessed items
335: This R script is used to extract text from the given input.  It takes in an object of class 'word' and
336: This R script formats the input as YYYYMMDDHHmmSS  . If no argument is provided it returns "-
337: Calculates the sum of squares using proxy method with base value v and time factor ‘time’ .   Proxy is
338: Calculates the present value of future cash flows. If interest is compounded annually or more frequently than once per year then use
339: A simple recursive lookup of nested elements within the given 'fields' vector on an object named "Record". If no match
340: This is the R script to convert '___' into '_'.  It replaces all occurrences of double underscore
341: This is an implementation of the "partition" algorithm. It splits each element within input matrix into equal parts based on their
342: Convert string to binary.  Code is used in the conversion of strings into their respective integer representations based on whether they are numer
343: Function to read and encode binary data from the specified path.  The result is then written into another encrypted textual representation of
344: Convert the given input to boolean. If it is 'Yes', returns TRUE, ‘No’ - FALSE and any other
345: This R script checks whether the given string is an empty filename. If so returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE .  It also handles
346: This is the implementation of modular arithmetic. It takes two numbers and returns their remainder when divided by another number using absolute values
347: This R script defines the 'function' to determine whether number is positive or negative and returns 1 if it’s greater
348: checks whether any match coverage of the given list matches less than or equal to provided value.  If so returns TRUE else FALSE
349: Calculates the memory usage of an R process.  Counter values are based on Linux system's proc/meminfo
350: This is the implementation of an R language built in method to convert all characters into their corresponding ASCII values.  It conver
351: Create an AWS SSM Parameter ARN. This is used in the context of CloudFormation or other similar systems where
352: A recursive implementation of the "deep" version Flatting.  It flattens an arbitrary depth nesting in R
353: checks whether an id exists in the given paths.  If it does exist then returns TRUE else FALSE .    Example usage :
354: Function that converts all uppercase characters in the string into lower case.  Code is used as an example of how R
355: Apply equation to input.  Input is multiplied by the first coefficient and then added with second coeffient of given equations
356: Function to check if the first character of string s equals #. If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE . This checks whether
357: This R script applies velocites to the positions of moons. It takes two vectors as input - one vector representing position and
358: checks if the input list of numbers forms an "isosceles" magic square.  A Magic Square has exactly one
359: This is the distance formula between two points.  It calculates and returns euclidean distances in pixels from one point to another
360: Function to calculate the center of rotation in centimeters based on size parameters . The input is an array with six elements representing
361: Function to convert decimal number into string with specified precision and scale  . Parameters are the numeric input 'number' &
362: This R script compares two lists. If the lengths of both input vectors are not equal it returns FALSE; otherwise checks each
363: This R script calculates the weighted average of two error rates. The weights are determined by an input probability and another one which
364: A simple R script to calculate the balance of an unpaid debt. The formula used is based on compound annual growth and pays
365: Modifies the list of pieces based on their ids.  If an invalid or unrecognized ID is passed in it
366: This is an implementation of the game "tic tac toe" where X's and O’S are alternately
367: Function to get the value of Subject header from request. ...   }, .on('error', onError);
368: Function to check whether all elements in the list are global or not. If any element starts with ~ then it's considered
369: This R script calculates the delays from offsets in time domain using three different methods and returns their summation as output .
370: This R script defines an object named "is within" that checks if the absolute difference between two numbers falls in specified range.
371: This R script converts the labels of an ET dataset. It replaces certain patterns with other strings and returns modified label names
372: This R script checks whether the input DNA sequence string contains only valid nucleotides.  It does so by iterating over
373: A simple R script to find the union of two lists. The input is combined and removed duplicates before finding their intersection using
374: Compare two lists and check whether they are unhashing or not; If the list contains only one level of nesting then
375: This R script calculates the area of Rhumbuses. It takes two parameters - one is length and other's diameter
376: Convert the given number of Square Metres to Hectares. Function takes in one argument, which is assumed as inputting
377: A simple and efficient way to limit the value within given range.  It's similar in functionality with Rcpp::cl
378: Create an abstract syntax tree representation of the contract.  This is used to generate and manipulate contracts in different formats .
379: This R script checks whether input strings are valid IP addresses.  It returns TRUE when it'll accept any type and FALSE
380: Function to check whether the current iteration is an end of period. If it's not and we are at one less than
381: Function to check whether the module should be passed or not.  If it's 'count', then just warn and proceed
382: Normalizes the score to 93.67% or higher and returns it as percentage of maximum possible value .
383: Convert the given coordinates from degrees to radians and then scale them by specified factor using an integer value of 'bitfactor'.
384: Function to count the number of lines in file – name .txt or csv files only, and returns an integer value
385: This R script removes the "URL" and other related strings from an input string. It also handles multiple instances of numbers in
386: This R script defines the 'negation' of an object. It checks its class and returns -object, where as logical
387: Flatens the list of lists into one long vector  Code snippet to reproduce it in R : `flattern()
388: This R script is used to extract expressions from the raw data.  It takes in parameters like 'Raw Expressons', "
389: Function to extract router and its associated ports from an object of class "Endpoint".  Returns the list with three elements - '
390: This is an implementation of the Newton's method to find roots. It starts with initial guess and then improves it until convergence
391: Compute the total cell count and convert it into an array. The input parameters are x & y dimensions respectively which define space
392: A simple R script to check the current package versions and set default values when necessary, v1 -> V8 .
393: Create an R package that allows users to create and manage a list of items.  It can be used by other packages or
394: Solve the given problem using dynamic programming. The solution involves finding shortest path from source to all other nodes of graph by
395: This R script adds stop symbols to the end of sentences.  It checks whether sentence is longer than one character and ends with
396: This R script finds the position of an empty cell on 3x4 matrix. If no such cells exist it throws error
397: Creates linear flow of steps with the given two parameters. The first parameter is used as start and second one to finish .
398: This R script parses hexadecimal strings into lists of numbers. If the string contains more than one : or whites
399: This R script calculates the number of genes in one gene cluster. It takes as input two vectors representing sequences and returns an
400: This R script is used to get the storage account settings from Azure Storage Accounts . This allows you access and manage
401: A simple R script to calculate the product of all numbers from 1 upto n. This is done by using seq
402: Convert numerics to integers, but only when they are whole numbers and not fractional parts of an integer number .  For
403: Function to retrieve attribute value from the given dataset. If no such attributes exist then it returns NULL .   [END OF SUM
404: Convert string to boolean value  .    Input : A character vector of strings that represent logical values like "TRUE", or any
405: Function to check whether the given term is an OWLTriple or not based on its labels and returns corresponding namespace
406: Creates scribe topic name based on the provided parameters.  Parameters are 'datacenters' and streams in AWS
407: This R script is used to extract the extension of video id.  It takes in an input videoid and returns its
408: This R script calculates the variance of w given as input.  The formula used is derived from an equation that relates to
409: Function to colorize the output of console programs.  It uses ANSI escape sequences and is platform independent as it depends
410: Convert an object to list.  The output is the same as input but in form of lists instead .    Inputs :
411: A simple R script that removes all instances of the specified characters from an input string. This is useful when you want
412: This R script deletes the specified element from each sublists of an inputted vector.  It does so by iterating
413: Function to calculate the maximum distance between two places and their respective covariances. The result is then used as an upper limit in
414: This R script calculates the range of values in an input vector, taking into account whether or not there are more than three
415: Extracts the parameters of adaptative Heavy Fault model.  [...]   Parameters are extracted from input parameter
416: A simple R script that concatenates 3 strings. ...}>" > ${i}.txt; done ;
417: This R script removes the parentheses from an input string.  It does so by splitting on "(". The first element
418: Convert string into integer  Code snippet that converts the inputted strings of numbers and letters, separated by commas
419: Convert the given value to decimal format from percentage notation in R language . ---> Code : Converts percentages
420: This is the conversion of length from foot and inch to centimeter  .   Inputs are two parameters - one representing number
421: This R script filters out the specified list of word from given input.  It can be used to remove specific unwanted or
422: A simple R script to generate the current time in UTC as string representation of date and hour, minute ,second .  This
423: Calculates the alpha parameter of an object in terms its distance and velocity to another star with given number stars .   Parameters
424: This R script reads in decimal numbers with or without the "-" sign and converts them into numerics, replacing any negative
425: This R script creates an object that represents the distribution of tasks among available memory.  The input is number 'mem' and
426: Function to check if the given directory or filename exists.  Returns TRUE when it does, FALSE otherwise . ;' '
427: This R script calculates the Chi Square statistic between two vectors of data points with associated errors . The formula used is based
428: Create CloudWatch Events rule to trigger on EC  instances with specific tag key and value .   Tags are used as filters
429: Flattern nested lists into one level deep list of elements .   Code snippet to be used as reference when implementing the
430: This is an example of the constraining value to be between two given values. If it's less than minimum,
431: This R script controls the start of an interactive game. It takes as input command from user and decides whether it is about
432: Function to check whether the result of an analysis has been validated by checking that it's not null and its attribute '
433: Extracts the unique pointer from an object. This is useful when you want to ensure that only one instance of any
434: A simple R script to add two numbers.  It checks whether the inputs are within specified range and stops execution when they aren
435: This R script finds all the factors of an input number.  It returns them as numbers stored within another vector . The first
436: This R script determines the status of YouTube channels based on their number and type.  It returns "empty", or partial blocked
437: This R script creates an URL based on the date of interest in GDELT project data .  It takes as input one
438: Normalises the number of homologies to categorial variable.  The input is expected as an integer and returns one out from
439: A simple R script to generate the name of an individual's pet.  The input is two parameters - "Family"
440: A simple implementation of the Linear Regression model.  It takes in two parameters - data and coefficients to be estimated .
441: This R script cleans the path by replacing all spaces with underscores.  It also replaces multiple consecutive space characters to
442: A simple addition operation. It takes two numbers as input and returns their summation result . For example : Addition of number
443: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns one layer's value in CubOctave.  The
444: This R script checks whether two strings are permutations of each other.  It does so by comparing the character counts and order
445: Checks if the given string starts with an option or requires complex requirement.  It returns true when it finds either "--
446: This R script maps the input values from one range into another.  It takes as parameters an array of numbers and two ranges
447: This R script creates palidromes from the given range. It uses recursion to generate all possible combinations of characters in
448: A simple and efficient way to scale data between two ranges using the formula ((x – XMin)/（XMax
449: This R script replaces the space character in string values to an underline and removes any special or numerically valued charact
450: This script generates an invalid variable name comment. This is used to generate comments in the form of "Invalid" or
451: Remove -I arguments from the input list of commands. This will be used to filter out unnecessary parameters that are not needed by
452: This R script converts text to URL friendly format using the character '/'.  It replaces any characters that are not allowed
453: Computes the partial derivatives of phi with respect to xx and dy. The derivative is computed using numerical approximation methods based on
454: Merge the first and last elements of each line with their corresponding scoring data from 'line' object into one vector pertaining
455: A simple linear regression model.  Code is used to calculate the value of y given x and coefficients from an equation like ax
456: This is an R script that checks whether the length of input string split exceeds maximum size specified by variable 'maxsize'. If
457: checks if m can be divided by another number. If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE .   Code snippet :
458: A helper to calculate the number of iterations needed in an evaluation loop based on total step count and size per evalution
459: This R script checks whether the input string contains poor grammar. It counts opening and closing brackets, double quotes or single quot
460: Checks if the given pages are equal or parent of each other in terms on their content and structure .  Returns true when
461: A recursive implementation of the calculation factoria.lalala lll . The base case is when n equals to one
462: Function to generate SaaS URL'ss from file names and AWS Bucket name .    Input is list of files &
463: Checks if the given 'action' matches with size of square matrix. If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE .
464: This script takes in input and replaces underscores with spaces. It then prints out the word 'python' followed by
465: This R script translates the input string into its corresponding one character representation in terms of how confident we are about our results
466: This R script calculates the time it takes to charge an electric vehicle. It uses data from user input and converts that
467: Convert coordinates from one system to another using the transformation matrix T = [a b c; ...]. This conversion can be used
468: This R script adds the given tweet to an existing list of timelines.  It takes in two arguments - 'timeL
469: Generates command line arguments to run the specified python script.  The generated cmd will be used in calling system() or similar
470: This R script calculates the mean of an array.  It takes two arguments - number instances and list/array to be
471: Create an object that can be used to invoke the given name of any R functions.  The result is returned as string in
472: A simplified version of the R programming language.  It takes in an input list and returns all strings combined into one string separated
473: Generates an object with the specified parameters.  Parameters include date of prediction and other information about what is being predicted or
474: This R script takes an input string and splits it into individual lines.  It returns the first line of each split segment
475: Computes the accuracy of binary classification model using true positives and false positive rates  Code Inputs : Two arguments - True
476: Calculates the percent of time that is absorbed by an object at any given point in space. The calculation depends on whether or
477: A simple R script to convert time in secs into day/hour format. This is useful when you want the output of
478: Checks if the given coordinates are within board boundaries. 8x9 grid, with each cell having an integer value from
479: A simple recursive algorithm to calculate the square of an integer.  The input is any positive number, and it will keep
480: Function to check whether the first characters of two strings are equal. If they're not identical and their lengths differ by more
481: This R script cleans the input string by removing unwanted characters.  It also converts multiple spaces into one space and removes
482: This is the mean parameter of linear regression model.  It calculates and returns value that represents average slope coefficient in case when
483: This R script replaces the last part of an URL with another name.  It does so by splitting on '/' and
484: This R script defines the 'stripPrefix' method that removes specified strings from start of input.  It checks whether given character
485: A simple wrapper around the Rcpp::Rcout object to suppress output.  Useful when you want your functions'
486: Function to calculate the area of circle using radius r .} Code is designed as an example on how one can create functions in
487: This R script generates the name of an image from its full path.  It takes as input one string that represents either directory
488: Function to check if all rules in rule results have succeeded.  Returns TRUE when they do and FALSE otherwise .   Inputs
489: A simple R script to calculate the power of two numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses "**" operator
490: Create the folder name based on different types of jobs and their configurations  Inputs : Job configuration object with batch/ singularly
491: This R script defines the 'nearestPoints' method that takes in an input position and returns its corresponding cell on which it
492: Computes the center of rectangle. The input is an array representing rectangular coordinates in clockwise order [xmin ymax x
493: A helper to decide whether or not the current row number is within an entry range. If it's less than half of
494: A simple implementation of the squared loss. It calculates and returns average error between actual labels & predicted values over all data
495: This R script calculates the minimum number of users required to achieve agreement.  It takes three parameters - percentage that needs agree
496: A simple R script that checks whether the absolute value of an input is less than tolerance and returns zero in such case otherwise it
497: A custom formater to display tick values in kilo or mega scale on x axis of ggplot graphs .
498: Calculates the finessey of an object.  The calculation is based on its full width at half maximum value divided by
499: This R script is used to extract the first part of tap stream id.  It takes in an input parameter 'TAP
500: Function to retrieve the event's unique identifier from an inputted dataframe or list of dictionaries, otherwise returns NULL when
501: Function to add approximate match highlighting. This is useful when you want your citations in the output of an academic
502: This R script converts IPv6 addresses to the format [IPv6 Address].  It checks whether an address is in
503: Convert the input day to seconds. The conversion is done by multiplying it with number of hours in one days, minutes and
504: This is an implementation of the constraint on input values. It ensures that all inputs are within specified bounds and handles outliers
505: This R script checks whether two intervals overlap.  It returns the length of overlapping part or zero otherwise . If one range
506: This R script calculates the normalization factor of an input spectrum. The formula used is based on standard deviation and sample size difference
507: Create an instance of the ModusToolbox API. This is used to create instances and manage resources in your toolkit environment
508: Function to assign colors based on the usage of system resources.  The input parameters are used as thresholds and can be
509: This R script cleans the filenames by converting their extensions from .JPEG or JPG → png and
510: Computes the value of f_KLEIN at point Z. The formula is derived from numerical methods to compute complex numbers
511: Function to calculate the intensity of an interference pattern.  Inputs are q value and position/height above water level in nm
512: Creates and returns an object of class 'dict' with the specified parameters  [1/3] . The dictionary is
513: This is an R script that takes in the uid of user and returns their PIN number from it .   [END
514: This R script removes the HTTP request body from an incoming client and context.  It does not modify any other part of your
515: This R script defines the `getProductFromTimeScale` method. It checks whether input time scales are valid and returns either
516: This R script calculates the trajectory's total number of actions.  It takes as input an object with trajectories and returns
517: This is the main case object that contains all necessary information about an individual's participation in one or more trials.  It
518: Checks whether the given command exists in PATH or not . Parameter : Command name as character string to be checked , Returns
519: This R script calculates the correction factors needed to correct spectral data from SDSS filters using Bayesian variance reduction method . The
520: Convert all lowercase letters to upper case in the input string and convert it into numerics, if possible; otherwise return NA
521: This R script is used to translate the given input from English into Spanish.  It uses an external translation API like Google Trans
522: Generates the key used to identify tiles in game. The x and y coordinates of each cell are converted into an integer value
523: Parses an input argument to integer, or returns NULL when the value is not valid and cannot be parsed into number format
524: Convert RGB values into hexadecimal string.  Input is an array of three elements representing the red, green and blue
525: Function to get value from list of lists based on the first element. If no match is made it throws an error message "
526: This R script counts the number of failed students. It takes as input an array containing scores from different classes, and returns how
527: This R script creates an anonymous or named vector of length n, where each element is either the number ‘x’ followed
528: A simple R program to calculate the nth term of geometric progressions. The first parameter represents starting number and second one
529: This R script replaces all occurrences of characters from the second string with those found within first.  It does so
530: This is the implementation of vector division. It takes two vectors as input and returns another one with each element being divided by its
531: Create or update the VARCHAR data types in PostgreSQL database tables based on specified sizes – optional parameters to specify table and column names
532: This R script calculates the velocity of an object with one or more wheels.  The calculation depends on whether there is fr
533: This R script splits the input text segment id into two parts - business name and fragment number .  The output is in
534: Create and return the values of an object with specific attributes  . Inputs : Type -> The data to be stored in
535: Converts an integer to binary representation. The input is the number and its decimal place count respectively . For example : `
536: This is the implementation of Soft Thresholds Operator. It takes two arguments z and threshold value 'L'. If Z
537: This R script defines the 'sign' object that returns -1 when input is negative and +/-+ in other cases .
538: This R script calculates the mass of an object after being compressed by reducing its volume.  The input parameters are initial and
539: This R script checks whether the input list of strings is composed entirely from capital letters.  It returns TRUE when it's
540: This R script is used to fetch the folder name from an id.  It takes in one argument - 'Experiments'
541: Extracts the numerator and denominators from an account time string in format of hours/minutes or just minutes .
542: A simple wrapper around the keras.models to create and manage models in tensorflow 1 . The parameters are as follows
543: Flat the nested list structure of records by field specified in 'field' parameter  .   Example : if we have [1
544: Function to calculate the number of elements in an array that are true.  Code is used as part or all base R functions
545: Convert names of rock, spokc , paper and lizards into numbers. If the input is not one among these
546: This R script creates an object named "get_quarter" that takes in one argument and returns the half of it,
547: This R script counts the number of infected people in population.  It takes as input an object pop that contains information about each
548: This is the learning rate schedule that decreases as it progresses. It starts with an initial LR and then reduces by factor
549: This R script calculates the overlapping area between two rectangles. It takes as input vectors of length four representing rectangle coordinates
550: Calculates the new velocity after time step using Euler's method  Code snippet to test it with some inputs
551: Concatenates the inputted strings with an underscore in between.  For example, "just_a=string
552: Calculates the Elo rating of an event based on its outcome and predicted probability . e..g., if it was won
553: Calculates the quality scale factor.  Inputs are Sw and Synth'Synths of an audio file; outputs
554: Function to check if the input string contains only alphanumeric characters and spaces or hyphens; case insensitive  Code
555: This is the scoring system used in our game. It checks whether two inputs are equal or not and returns 0 when they
556: A simple R script to calculate the sum of squares from 0 upto limit. This is done by using an anonymous functions
557: This R script defines the 'clip' scalar operation that clips values within specified range [0..1]. It checks if
558: This R script writes the input sentence vector into an output text (.txt or .csv etc.)  using utf - encoded characters
559: This R script is used to extract specific fields from the dataframe or list of lists using dot notation syntax .  For example
560: This R script retrieves the host name of projects hosted on different wikipedia sites like wiki and deWiki in local machine
561: This R script fixes the ensure time attribute in JSON object. If there is no "Time" attr then it adds one to
562: A simple recursive implementation of the hailstone sequence. The user can specify how long they want to simulate and what is
563: This is the R script to calculate frame size. It takes two arguments - fs and timesize . The first argument specifies frames
564: This is the row counter of tests. It checks if it's divisible by four and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .
565: This R script defines the 'getPreferedTaxonName' method that retrieves preferred name of an organism based on
566: This script takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as if it were sorted with no duplicates. The original
567: This R script calculates the least number of neighbors each vertex has. It does so by iterating over all vertices and comparing
568: A simple R script to convert hours into seconds.   .    Inputs : h = hour ,m= minute and sec
569: This R script is used to generate the self control pattern of eye beam .  It takes as input an optional parameter that defines
570: This is the R script to create copy of game state.  It takes in one argument, which should be an object representing
571: This R script is used to format the source file with specified number of spaces before each comment in it using # symbol as del
572: Convert character to integer, or ‘return zero’ otherwise .   Code is used in the conversion of numerics from characters
573: Creates an appropriate response to indicate that the game is drawn. ...   }, .init = init, ... )
574: Remove digts from the given string. Example - My name's John Doe and my SSN number was found in
575: A simple R script to concatenates two strings.  Code is written in one line and uses the '+' operator on
576: Convert integer label to string. 0 -> "none", ... ,7 =>"sixteen". This is used in
577: This R script adds the MIN CSS STATISTICS parameter to URL.  If it is present in original request then do nothing
578: Combines two histograms into one.  The first argument is the current history and second arguement represents historical data
579: Calculates the absolute error between two vectors. This is used to measure how far off our predictions are from actual values
580: This R script converts the input string into an array of components. The first two elements are taken from original id and remaining
581: This R script is used to generate an open stack command line.  It takes in the secrets of your OpenStack environment and
582: This R script removes the start time from all data points.  It subtract each column'd value by its corresponding row
583: This R script cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespaces.  It also replaces multiple consecutive white spaces
584: This R script cleans the URI by removing any query parameters and hash fragments.  It then returns only base part of URL as
585: Convert UUID to string format using R's built in functions and regular expressions . The input should be validated before conversion process
586: This R script generates an HTML string from the inputted keyword list.  The output is formatted as bolded and comma separated
587: A simple one line signature generator. It returns “+” when input is zero, and "-" otherwise . For any
588: This R script converts time in minutes and seconds into hours with decimal places rounded to one digit . It takes an input of
589: checks if the cell passed as argument belongs to merged cells.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .    Code snippet :
590: checks if either player has no health points left.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly . ## Code ends here
591: This R script converts each character of the input string into two characters. For example 'a' becomes both an uppercase
592: checks if the argument passed to an API call matches one of two predefined arguments.  Returns TRUE when it does,
593: This R script checks the input parameters to determine whether or not it is possible that spike detection will occur in an experiment with
594: A simple R script to convert Farenheight temperatures into Kelsin units  .    Inputs : Temperature in degrees
595: This is an implementation of the "fix single tuple" algorithm. It takes in one argument, x which should be either
596: This is the implementation of min and max functions in R. It takes two arguments to find out which one has smaller value or
597: This is the linear interpolation of ages. It takes two arguments age1 and agelast to calculate an approximation at time
598: Create or update the class name based on error type.  Inputs are 'success', and returns either '' ,'info
599: A simple R script to convert RGB values into hexadecimal. This is useful when you want your color codes
600: This R script generates the n's term in an arithmetic progression.  It takes three arguments - 'sequence number
601: A simple R script to convert numbers into strings with leading zeros, upto 9 digits long . e..g
602: This R script calculates the area of overlap between two bounding boxes. If they do not intersect at all or are one
603: Convert the input string to uppercase and replace non-"A"-> "NA".  If it's already in capital
604: This is the definition of an R program that calculates power. It takes in one parameter, 'power', and returns its
605: Convert factor into string.  If the input is not of class 'factor', it returns an error message stating that only factors
606: This R script creates an alias to the library name from directory names.  It takes as input one argument - dirnames and
607: checks if the input value can be considered as an integer number .  True -> it's int, False otherwise
608: This R script generates the points between two given endpoints. The number of generated middle point is specified by user input parameter '
609: This is the diagonal condition of matrix. It checks whether two given indices are equal or not in case it's on an
610: This R script defines an anonymous or named "add article" that checks the first letter of any string to see whether it is
611: This R script converts the first and second elements of each element within an input list to integers if they are not already,
612: This R script generates the ABI definitions of contracts based on their type.  It takes an input as Contract ABIs and
613: This R script calculates the percentage difference between stock price and an assumed long term mean value of prices in relation to their current
614: Create an R script to generate EtherScan URL based on network type  . The input is the address and it will decide
615: This R script cleans the names by removing any leading capital letters and trailing spaces in each word of name, but only when
616: Checks if the given coordinates are inside an arbitrary rectangle.  The four parameters represent left and top of rectangles in screen
617: Returns the first matching string in an array.  Code is used as part of another program that searches through arrays and returns only
618: This is an example of the 'everyNthStep' method. It checks if step number plus one modulo N equals
619: This R script creates an HTML file with the name of each film's director.  It takes as input one dictionary object
620: Computes the nth Fibonacci number. The first two numbers are always zero and one, then each subsequent
621: Function to create series UIDs.  The default is the original SeriesUID and appended with an integer number from one
622: A simple implementation of the Collatz Conjecture. This program generates numbers according to rules defined in "The conjecture"
623: A simple, one line version of the R programming language's built in 'linear', which returns its input.  This
624: This R script creates an anonymous user defined object named "one line" that takes in one argument. It checks the class of
625: This R script calculates the number of page views per user. It takes as input an object that contains information about users and
626: This R script is used to Normalizes the largest bin in an input distribution. It divides all bins by their maximum value
627: Function to check whether or not the point is inside any rectangle.  The input parameter 'Rect' should be an array of
628: This R script checks whether the given 'StatsBoard' dataset is consistent with provided list of "on stage". It returns
629: This R script defines an even/Odd checker. It takes in one argument, x and returns either "Even"
630: This R script calculates the power law index of luminance.  The input parameters are luminosity and two other quantities that define
631: This is an implementation of the YouTube URL verification checker in R, which checks whether or not given urls are from you
632: This R script creates an object that prints the number of earth day equivalent to given input. The output is in string format with
633: This R script processes the results from MMTrack and converts them into an object that can be used by other functions
634: This is the R script to print table in console. This will help you see how your data looks like when printed
635: Fetch extra data from the given CERN Person ID.  This is used to get additional information about an individual in
636: This R script converts the input string to ISO 861 date time. If it is not already in 'UT
637: This R script cleans the input string by replacing all spaces with '|'s.  It is used to preprocess data
638: This is the definition of an equation that calculates one component in response to two components.  The input parameters are lag time
639: This R script creates an object that contains the root directory of AVALONE's working environment.  It is used to
640: Compute cosine of φ in radians. dx is the difference between x and y coordinates; dy stands f
641: A simple conversion of numbers to string with 1 decimal place. This is useful when you want your data in the form
642: This R script is used to extract the session id from an HTTP response.  It uses try catch block and returns null if
643: Convert xrand output to index format, where the first two characters of each line are used as an integer value representing different resolutions
644: This R script is used to convert query string into an object that can be easily accessed by the user or other functions/scripts
645: Calculates the dispersion coefficient of an object based on its mass and distance to another one in terms that it is dispersed at
646: checks if the number of tokens in an input sequence exceeds specified length.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .    Example usage :
647: This is an implementation of the formula "I = [Γ*γm]*(v−e)" in R.
648: checks if the input object other belongs to class Segments.  It returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .    Code snippet
649: This R script checks whether one vector is dominated by another. It returns 'TRUE' when the first argument does not have any
650: Function to check whether the input is one of several known telescope types.  If not recognized it will return FALSE; otherwise
651: Convert pixel per inch to micron  Conversion factor from pixels in one unit of length, and the number or units you
652: This R script is used to convert the input string into its normalized form. The normalization process involves splitting and joining strings based on
653: This R script checks if the logger object is empty or not. If it's an instance of Logger, then returns
654: This R script applies the polynomial equation to an input value. The coefficients of each term are passed as arguments and applied sequentially
655: A simple R script to find the minimum value in an input vector.  If no values are provided, it returns NULL;
656: A simple R script to check if the input number 'x' can be divided by two without leaving any remainder. If it
657: A simple R script that calculates the Euclidean Distance between two cells in 3D space. The input is cell
658: This R script defines the 'getRank' method that determines and returns an item level in terms of its rarity.
659: This R script calcula... .   Inputs : Two vectors of numbers and an integer. Output is two elements vector containing
660: A recursive helper to fetch the value of specified metric from nested list.  It takes in two arguments - 'metrics
661: checks whether an array is present among the list of previously generated arrays.  If it's not found then returns FALSE else
662: Create and store the diff of two commits in .git/objects directory  on github pull request changes as patches to
663: A recursive algorithm to generate the sequence of numbers from an input number. The output is double linear with each step increasing by
664: Create an anonymous replication of the input list. If it's only one element long then duplicate that many times to make its
665: Function to check whether the complexity data is valid or not  .  ```">}}</textarea><br /
666: Convert boolean to string.  TRUE -> "True" FALSE => 'False' . Function is used in various places where
667: A simple R script to find the top three scores in an array of numbers. If there are less than 6 elements it
668: This is the derivative of cubic polynomial with respect to x.  It's used in numerical analysis and optimization problems where we
669: checks if the HTTP status codes are error or not by checking whether they start with 'HTTP/1.' in their representation and
670: This R script calculates the number of elements in each layer/element within an object, including nested objects and vectors as well
671: This R script creates an array of the first nonempty elements in input sequence.  It uses 'unique' to remove duplic
672: checks if the given range of integers are valid block ranges in an integer array  Code snippet used to check whether two
673: This R script retrieves the name of an URI by splitting it into its constituent pieces and returning that last piece which is
674: Tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual tokens.  Removes leading and trailing white space from each token
675: Calculates the delta between two boxes based on their half widths in terms that are relative with respect one another and not absolute
676: Julia's quadratic algorithm. It generates the sequence of values that approximate sqrt(.76). The initial value is set
677: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate text's line length. It takes into account different types and sizes lines,
678: This R script defines an extraction of relevant metrics from the configuration.  It iterates over all measures defined and collects their
679: Function that checks if two numbers are of the same parity.  Returns TRUE when they have an equal number and type in
680: This is an implementation of the least squares curve fitting algorithm. It calculates number  k notches in one knot vector .
681: Converts an integer number from any base to decimal. The conversion is done by repeatedly dividing the input value with its
682: Creates new getUserResponse object.  This is used to create the response from an API call that gets information about users
683: A simple R script to generate the ASCII value of an input character.  If it is either '\n' or '
684: A recursive implementation of the mathematical operation to raise base number 'b' by an exponent. The result is returned as output
685: This R script generates the name of an embedding matrix that is used to store embeds from specific channels.  The names are
686: Function to check if the departure is not in list of valid types.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it's
687: This R script calculates the center of an object.  It takes as input two pairs representing x and y coordinates, respectively
688: This R script calculates the number of matches between two sequences. It compares each element from one sequence to another and incre
689: This R script creates an ordered dictionary of acquisition data based on raft and sensor types from the input dict object 'data'.
690: Convert an argument to boolean value  .   Arguments : args - the arguments list ,    argeNam e is
691: Function to extract schema name from the given database or table names.  It splits on '.' and returns second part of
692: A recursive implementation of the Josephson's survival problem. The survivor is found by starting from 'first round',
693: A simple implementation of the Linear Regression model.  It takes in three parameters x , y and returns predicted values based
694: Function to check whether all elements of the first argument are present as keys within second.  Returns TRUE when they exist and FALSE
695: Create an alias to reference the specified git repository.  This is useful when you want your local copy of .git directory in
696: Convert integer label to string. 0 -> 'none', ..., n/a = nuclear" . The input is
697: A simple implementation of the Pearson Correlation Crossover. It takes two vectors x and y as input parameters to
698: This R script calculates the increment between each point in an interval. The result is returned as output of 'delta' variable
699: Function to check if the climate is aware based on keywords and articles count  . The parameters are distinct keyword counts ,total key
700: A simple R script to check the current problem solving state.   Status can be either "given" or one of ["
701: Function to calculate the square of each element in an input vector.  This is equivalent but more efficient than using map_int
702: This is the R script to convert distance units from miles or other unit systems into centimetres using an if else statement and
703: This R script calculates the smallest difference between two numbers.  It takes three arguments and returns one number which is minimum of
704: This R script calculates the value of an equation in terms 4 variables. The coefficients are given as input parameters to create
705: A R shiny app to interactively configure OVS and DPDK settings on Kuberenetes cluster
706: Function to calculate the Vertical Resolution Fractional Mean Motion of an object in 4D space,
707: This R script checks whether the input matrix mtx has square dimensions. It does so by checking each row of 'matrix'
708: This R script generates the list of UUIDs that are present in both input lists.  The first argument is an initial set
709: checks if an item has exactly two elements.  It returns TRUE when the input matches, FALSE otherwise .   Code snip
710: This R script checks whether the given string contains any whitespace or colon. If it does, then returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE
711: This R script calculates the average heart rate based on beating frequency and time.  The input parameters are beat count per
712: This R script converts the first letter of each word in text into uppercase and all other letters are converted lower case.
713: checks whether the given filename ends with .ymal or not  Code snippet to check yml files in R environment
714: Benchmark select sklearn distance metrics.  Returns the appropriate scikit learn's measure of similarity between two sets
715: checks whether the string contains balanced parenthesis.   Code snippet to test it with some examples : `hasCorrect
716: This R script finds the number of occurrencies an input value is found within each dictionary item.  It iterates over
717: Create an interface parameters object.   TypeID - the id of network device to connect with . MainId is used as identifier
718: This R script removes the HTML list items from text.  It takes as input an argument, which is supposed to be some
719: This R script simplifies the modulus operation by reducing it to one line and using vectorized operations instead of loops which are
720: This R script flips the given ‘n x n’ matrix in either left or up directions. The input is an
721: This R script formats the message to be displayed in an email or chat window by adding ellipsis at end of long messages
722: Merge two configuration files.  The first file is merged into the second one and all its keys are replaced by values from
723: This R script calculates the wheel speed from encoder values.  It takes three arguments; one is an integer vector of two
724: This R script checks whether the input model is null or not, and returns its application mode in case it's nonempty
725: Convert strings into boolean values.  TRUE, FALSE and NULL are returned when the input is 'yes', no data or unknown
726: Transform the input data into an object of class 'list' with three components. Each component is named foo bar baz
727: This R script adds arguments to JSON and Context objects based on the input parameters provided by user in an interactive session or from command
728: Function to return even numbers from an inputted vector. ...} . The main idea is that it filters out the odd
729: checks if the given object represents block nodes.  [1 line]   Inputs : A single argument, an R6
730: Function to check if column name matches one of the two patterns.  The first pattern checks whether it's either CCx
731: Convert time series integer and fractional parts to float type in R . The input is two arguments - an intger part of
732: This R script calculates the position of an object in relation to its scanning speed. It takes into account that it is rotating
733: Function to convert RGB values into Lux value using the formula -> [-∞ + −k*R^n]+
734: checks if the string s has at least one digit in it  .   It does so by splitting each character of 'string
735: This R script flips the bit of binary string.  It checks whether input is 'zero' and returns its opposite,
736: A simple R script to generate an argument list from the input.  It takes any number of arguments and wraps them into
737: This R script defines the 'reverse complement record' functionality. It checks whether two strands are equal and returns TRUE when
738: Create Weave object from input data.  The output is an R List with two elements, the first element being either url
739: This R script checks whether two input strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by removing spaces from the inputs
740: This R script flips the case of an input character. It checks whether c is uppercase or lower, and returns its
741: Function to check if point is counterclockwise.  Inputs are two points and one line segment on the plane . Returns
742: Convert dictionary keys to snake case.  This is useful when working with APIs that use camelCase as their data
743: This script removes all non alphanumeric characters from the given string.  It is used to clean data before analysis or
744: This R script calculates the maximum size of tables found within an input list. The calculation is done by multiplying each table
745: This is the implementation of R's built in "sign" method. It returns -1 when num < 3 and +
746: Convert RGBA color to hexadecimal. The input is an array of four elements representing the rgba values in [r
747: A simple, one line R script that creates an object of type tuple. This is useful when you want to create
748: This R script cleans the string by removing leading and trailing whitespace. It also replaces multiple consecutive spaces with single space
749: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns  middle points between two given coordinates. The input to it
750: This R script generates forward coordinates. It takes the starting and ending positions of an interval on one or more chromosomes in
751: This R script generates an integer from two given parameters. The first parameter is used as row slot in matrix multiplication with second one
752: This R script calculates and returns an estimate in grams per liter based on input parameters. The calculation uses molarity to
753: Merges two lists and sorts the result.  [Python] """ %}}% endcode %}"""}}}%%end
754: This R script cleans the names in an input list by removing any numbers at beginning of string, and also excluding certain years
755: This R script creates an onetime password based off of the credit/debit number and customer id provided in input parameters .
756: This R script calculates the average electricity production from given data. The input is an object of class 'data frame' with
757: This R script creates an efficient way to find the most common elements in any given list of strings. It uses builtin functions
758: This R script is used to create the full drop box folder structure.  It takes in an object of type 'file'
759: Function to check if string is not empty and contains non whitespace characters  .    It returns TRUE when the input has at
760: Convert pounds to kilograms using the conversion factor of .9378, and round it off upto one decimal
761: This R script checks whether the given 'letters' can be used to form valid English language dictionary "words". It does
762: This R script is used to extract the product reference codes from an input line.  It splits on '#' and then
763: This R script generates all possible neighbors at given point in grid. It takes as input two numbers representing row and column index
764: This R script checks whether the input bounding box is in WGS 76 coordinates. It returns true or false based
765: This R script generates the names of source and destination query files along with unique dataframe file.  It also creates plots based
766: This R script calculates the differences between consecutive squares of numbers from one to n. It is used in calculating square root sums
767: This R script will return the list of packages that need to be updated.  It uses JSON data from an API call and
768: Convert string to HTML formatted text.  Code is used in R Markdown documents and it converts the input into an html
769: A method that returns the smallest and largest of three numbers. If third argument is TRUE it will also consider them in comparison to
770: Create an id from the name and category of tasks. This is used to generate unique identifiers in various data structures
771: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding escape sequences.  It uses the built in functions of baseR package
772: This R script formats the command line input into an appropriate form suitable to run in shell environment  .   Inputs : A
773: This is an R script that defines the 'independent' variable as being either true or false depending on whether its value falls within
774: Function to verify whether an element is in the list.  Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on result of verification process . Checking
775: This R script takes an input row of numbers separated by tabs and returns the product calculated from multiplying each number with its subsequent
776: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence in R language . The input is checked to make sure it
777: A simple RGB to HEX conversion.  Converts an input of three integers between [1..36] into
778: Function to convert number into string with 3 decimals.   .    Code snippet used in the solution :
779: Create an R script that generates the titles of all blocks in given document. This is done by extracting and returning them as
780: "repetition of '?'"  .    Code is to repeat the character ? in string. Runs on one
781: Function to fix column names in data frame.  It replaces dots, spaces and hyphens with nothing resulting from the conversion
782: checks whether the given record contains specified degrees.  Code is used to check that all provided course codes are present in an input
783: This R script checks the first few characters of each string in an input vector to determine whether it is prefixed with "allowed
784: Normalizes the GrobIDs to standard format.  It converts uppercase letters, removes underscores and hash
785: This R script calculates the drying rate of water in kg per hour based on saturation pressure and minimum possible temperature difference between
786: This R script defines the 'function' named "CutXYZ" that takes three arguments and returns them after being processed to
787: Function to extract files from the given HTTP Response object.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that handle file operations such
788: Function to handle different dimensions.  If the input is one of three numbers then it returns corresponding value from vector 'v'.
789: This is the model to calculate one's age based on their weight and height in kg & m . It uses an exponential
790: This R script checks whether two sequences are identical. It does so by comparing each element of the first sequence to every corresponding pair
791: Create an object that simulates the token of user authentication.   .    The class is called "mockToken". It takes
792: This is an implementation of the class method in R.  It checks whether or not given string starts with 'reserved'
793: A simple R script to calculate the L^p norm of an input list.  p should be less than or equal t
794: This R script conversts the relation type and sense into an identifier.  It is used to generate tags that are later
795: This is the implementation of an additional $0 fee to all bills, which increases their value by one fifth .   Code sn
796: This is an R script that processes labels in the form of strings into numerics  . This can be useful when you
797: This R script takes in site name as input and returns the first part of it. It splits on underscore (_),
798: This R script is used to clean the string by removing special characters and spaces at both ends. It also removes leading/tra
799: This R script calculates the arithmetic average of an array.  It takes as input one numeric vector and returns its
800: This R script converts the input string to uppercase and removes all spaces in it using g sub command, then returns that
801: A simple one line R script to calculate the checksum of an input string using custom defined weights and offsets .   The
802: This R script checks whether the input string has all unique characters. It does so by comparing each character with its next one and
803: This R script converts the inputted number of Mile to KM using conversion factor of one mile equals approximately
804: A simple Rounding Function.  Code takes two arguments x and the number to be rounded by . Returns result of that operation
805: checks if the file name starts with either '.' or an underscore.  This helps to determine whether it'd be
806: Function to verify if the current process id is equal with provided PID  .   Parameters :    - 'Pid
807: Prepare the git object.  This is used to create an initial structure of what we're going on with Git objects
808: checks if an object belongs to the Host or Nesting hierarchy.  This can be used in conjunction with other functions that
809: Create an ID generator that converts numerics to "ID" followed by the number and characters into alphanumerical strings
810: This is the get record functionality. It takes in one parameter, sliver name and returns that specific data from database .
811: This R script calculates the value of Z' using given parameters and formulae .  The result is then printed out in
812: This R script calculates an index from one subset of data to another using recursive subtraction method with check on validating
813: A simple R script to multiply three numbers.  Parameter is optional and defaults if not provided . ;'s
814: Convert time in Second to multiple units like minutes, hours and days.   Input : A numeric value representing the number of
815: Create an object that contains the row information of variables in each variable grouping .  This is useful when performing analyses on groups
816: This R script calculates the absolute difference in word count between two sentences.  It splits each sentence into individual terms and
817: This R script converts the given scrambled cube into an URL friendly string using cubedigits algorithm .
818: This R script defines the 'right trim' operation. It takes two sequences as input and returns one sequence after removing trailing
819: Create an ECR repository name from the given distribution string  Input : Distribution Name Output -> Repository Namespace in
820: This R script parses the input string into an integer vector based on spaces between numbers and returns it inside of another structure like
821: Read the directives from an input string. If it is in form of [directivestring], return that directly;
822: Create and store the versioning information in one line.  This is used to create an object that can be passed around as
823: This is the configuration file. It sets up an environment variable that points to where your .ini files are located, and also
824: This R script calculates the JACCARD similarity between two texts. The formula used is “Intersection of sets
825: Merges two dictionaries into one dictionary by taking the value from second argument when key is not present or first otherwise
826: This is the R script to find out scene name.  It takes in one argument which should be of class "Scenes
827: Calculates the distance between two locations on Earth using Haverstein's formula. The input is expected to be coordinates represented
828: Implemented FIBONACCI series using recursive functions. The first six implementations are identical, but the seventh
829: This is the R script to calculate and returns next position of an object in sequence. If it reaches end then starts from beginning
830: This is the implementation of moving in R. It takes two arguments - 'move' and an integer value which represents how much
831: A simple R script to calculate the number of neighbouts. The calculation is based on an electron's position in space,
832: Normalizes the input x to be between min and max. The normalization formula is derived from linear scaling of data into [−
833: This is an implementation of the "fix" algorithm to normalize data between two ranges [a;b]. The input vector
834: This R script updates the position and velocities of all given objects in an eulers method simulation.  The positions are
835: A simple R program to calculate the sum of digits in 3rd power number . The result is printed on console as
836: Produce STIX pattern based on the subject of an emaiL message.  This is used to filter and analyze
837: This is the implementation of an efficient algorithm to scale and shift data.  It takes in two arguments; one input array '
838: A helper to determine the word size based on similarity threshold, with increasing levels of sensitivity from “low” upwards until
839: This R script formats the class of an object based on its status and whether it has associated with any specific project or not,
840: A simple R script that adds two vectors elementwise. If the input vector lengths are not equal it stops execution with an error
841: checks if array ‘a’ has at least one common item with the second inputted vector. If it does then returns
842: Get the common 'Introduce' value from an entry of database entries .  If no such introduce exists it returns null
843: This R script formats the names of an array/vector containing multiple musician's name.  It takes as input one
844: This is an implementation of the clamps algorithm. It takes three arguments and returns num if it's within bounds else return
845: This R script checks whether the given string contains any numbers.  It does so by checking each character in an alphanumer
846: This R script checks whether there are any pairs of integers from the input list 'k' which sum with given number. If
847: This R script checks whether there is any sequence alignment in the BLAST result that overlaps more than given percentage. If
848: A simple implementation of the clipping algorithm in R language  Code snippet to test it out with some data and check
849: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in 'PupPy's ID', and returns string
850: Calculates the incremental sum of an array.  The first element is added to its own value and then each subsequent number
851: A simple R script to calculate the area of triangle. Inputs are base and height respectively; returns result as output .
852: This checks if the given 'guess' matches with stored/saved "master" or master key.  If they
853: Checks if the input identifier has exactly 36 characters. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .
854: This R script calculates the characteristic time of an exponential distribution.  The input is b1, which represents rate parameter in
855: This R script checks whether the given placement of an object is valid or not. It also takes into account that objects can only
856: checks whether the last update was by human or not – based on aprd and qastatus fields in dataframe records
857: This R script removes all spaces from the input string. It also replaces "School" with an empty space and returns
858: Counts the number of occurrences within text. The input is two parameters; one string to be searched and another long
859: This R script calculates the total of all positive charges from an input vector, which is assumed to be charge state data structure
860: This is the MURN model of the form y=b+e*x where e and b are constants that depend on
861: Convert line string to mark down url format. Replace non - URL related terms with square brackets and followed by the term
862: Function to get memory used by dataframe and its shape . The result is printed out with GB unit of measurement on the console
863: Remove extra values from one data frame that are present only once and not used by other columns of the same name  . R
864: This R script retrieves the information about fields in an object.  It returns two elements - one is of type 'character
865: This R script applies the given odd's ratio to an inputted proportions value and returns it after being adjusted according with
866: This R script checks whether the given position is on an "off diagonal" of any piece.  It does so by comparing
867: Convert dictionary to schema URI.  Input is expected as input of the form {"scheme": string,"host":"string","port
868: Appends the given 'Name' to each key of all nested lists within an entity.  This is useful when you
869: Convert units of measurement to SI base unit, e..g convert "m" in meters and so on . The input is
870: A recursive implementation of the factorial operation.  The base case is when 'N' equals to zero, in which
871: Function to determine the style of monetary value based on its sign. If amount is negative, returns 'danger', otherwise it
872: This R script converts LaTeX special characters to their safe counterparts.  It uses the 'grep' and
873: A simple R script to generate the index of video files in an array.  The input is integer i and returns three times
874: Convert duration in seconds to hours and minutes. The result is rounded down if necessary . e g., input of '48
875: This R script checks whether the input string matches one of several orthotypical strings that are used to identify different types or
876: This R script calculates the products of all numbers to its left and right. It is used as part solution on Leet
877: This R script calculates the absolute value of each element within an input list. The result is returned as output from another step
878: Function to compute the desired RMS value of signal. The input is CleanRms and SNR which are used in calculating
879: This R script converts special characters in the input string to their corresponding escaped versions.  It uses regular expressions and backsl
880: This is the correction of project parameter.  It takes three parameters and calculates Project Parameter based on them . The formula
881: This R script generates the log format of Request IDs in an HTTP response header or body  . The output is either empty
882: Find the largest triplets in an array and multiply them. If there are less than 4 numbers then it returns -
883: A simple R script to calculate the total of numbers from 1 upto n. It uses seq() and then sums
884: Convert string representation of bounding box to list format  . The input is in the form xmin ymax zdepth min
885: Function to check if the stack has no elements.  Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it's empty .   Code
886: This R script builds an SNMP body based on the input dictionary and returns it in form of nested lists .  The output
887: This R script calculates the Area of Polygon using Shoelace formula. It takes as input an array/vector representing
888: This R script counts the number of non punctuation tokens per sentences. It takes as input an array containing tokenized text and
889: Computes the GMOF of two vectors.  The input is an array and its standard deviation; it returns one value
890: This R script calculates average price differences between two vectors. The input should be prices at different time points and it returns an
891: This is an R script that creates the 'index' of cells in each row.  It takes as input one single vector
892: This is the copy of an existing game's current state.  It creates and returns another version that has not been modified
893: This R script combines two lists of convergence results. If one or both input files are empty it returns the other file as output
894: checks if the input word can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly  . ```R    `
895: This R script gets the prefix of an input filename. It splits it into components using 'plus' as separator and
896: Convert an integer to float  Code snippet that converts the input item into numerically equivalent of it as floating point
897: This R script generates pairs of files that contain the specified tasks. The input is an object containing multiple datasets and each dataset contains
898: This R script creates an object named 'append\_a' that takes in one argument and returns the string with '_a'.
899: Prepare an S4 object to interact with AWS' sdk.  The bucket names and the folder where it will store
900: Calculates the bulk electrochemical resistance of an ion channel.  The formula is characteristic length divided by conductivity or specific
901: This R script replaces all occurrences of double quotes and tab characters with space. It also trims leading/tra
902: A simple R script to generate phone numbers in the format of “XXX - XXX”. The input is an array
903: A simple implementation of the Gaussian distribution's derivative with respect to its parameter values using vectorized operations on arrays/matrices
904: This R script creates an anonymous or "mangled" version of the input string. The output is created by appendixes
905: This is the activation of an elementwise addition operation. It takes as input x and returns its absolute value after adding 1
906: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functions that assigns the appropriate genetic type to each image name. The input
907: Create queue name from namespace and the specific message handling component.  This is used to create unique names of queues in Rab
908: A simple implementation of the ReLU activation.  Returns x when it is positive, otherwise returns zero . This can
909: Convert Runes to Text.  This is an example of how you can convert the branch name and associated rues into text
910: This R script converts the input string into an integer array and then finds out which number is highest or lowest in that list
911: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two positions.  This is used to calculate distances in grid based systems like chess
912: This R script is used to generate labels from the given JSON object and returns them in one line format .  It checks whether
913: This is the main algorithm to determine how many letters should be skipped in order not only 1st and last letter of
914: This is the implementation of Soft Thresholding. It takes two arguments; an input vector 'X' and threshold value '-
915: This R script returns the other cluster in case of failure.  It checks whether current one is equal to provided and then it
916: Split the given location and technology information from one or more strings of transmissions into separate lists; each list contains three elements
917: Function to check whether two records are the exact match.  If they have different names or types then it returns FALSE otherwise TRUE
918: checks if the first part of an XML element's name matches 'i'.  This can be used to identify internal tags
919: Convert Weis to Ethers in R .   Code is used as an example of how one might convert between different units
920: This is the main verification of an attribute. ...   ## Code ends here .}    // Ends with
921: A simple R script to calculate the middle value of an array. If there is even number, it returns average between two numbers
922: Create an R script to parse JSON responses from waiters API.  This will return the appropriate status or custom messages based on
923: This R script creates an object that returns the port number to use based on whether or not HTTPS is used.
924: This R script adds leading zeros to the start of an integer. It takes two arguments - string and length required by output
925: This R script checks whether the input location string contains invalid characters. It returns “true” or "false" based on
926: This is the main routine to check and fold json files. It takes four input parameters - three of them are required as
927: checks if the input string 'identifies' as an ISBN.  It returns TRUE when it matches and FALSE otherwise .
928: checks whether the input money string starts with $ symbol. 1 line solution using ternary operator in R programming language .
929: A simple R script to generate .CSV file names.  It takes an input string and appends it with the extension
930: This R script calculates the number of video or audio sequence/frame from seconds. This is useful when you want
931: Function that returns the value of an HTTP request's specific Header field from its response object  Input parameters : A list
932: Convert string to bool. 1/0 or true and false values are converted into their respective booleans .   Example
933: Convert HHMM format to seconds in R language .   Inputs : Time value of type character string and outputs the equivalent
934: This R script checks if the student's answers match with provided correct key. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether all
935: This is the implementation of an R script that calculates and returns maximum number points needed to fit given data. The input parameters
936: This R script formats the given parameters as YYYYMM. This is useful when you want to create unique ident
937: Remove shards from the paths and convert tasks to directory names  Inputs : Task name or list of Tasks . Output
938: Convert the input number to kilobytes.   Inputs -> Output .    Example : convertToKB() should
939: This script cleans multiple white space from the inputted text.  It removes leading and trailing whitespaces, as well any
940: A set of functions to handle SQL queries and joins in R .  The first two are simple join operations that just concatenates
941: A simple R script to generate base Docker command. It takes parameters like uids and gsds of the user
942: This R script retrieves the private IP addresses of all running EC 1.0 or later instance on AWS and prints them
943: This R script checks the output of an executed command to see whether it contains "!!!" + PANICS !++"
944: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor. The algorithm uses Euclid's method to find GCD between
945: This is an R script that checks if two vectors have the same slope.  It does so by comparing their y coordinates and
946: This R script calculates the number of steps needed to reach or exceed an object's position in relation with its maximum possible
947: checks if the input value matches any range format.  For example, "[10..3]" or "{4...
948: This is an example of how to create and use the API key. It's just returning different strings based on input number
949: This is an example of how to create and use the RainAttenuation model. It takes distance in km as input,
950: A simple, one line version of the R programming language.  It takes in an input document and returns it as is without
951: Code checks if the input string is in boolean format or not, returns true/ false based on whether it'is one of
952: This R script calculates the intersection of two bounding boxes. It takes as input four parameters each representing coordinates and dimensions respectively
953: A simple R script to convert numeric codes of different types into corresponding emojis or textual descriptions based on the input
954: Calculates the Mean Squared Error between two time Series.  Inputs are both vectors of equal length and represent
955: This is the result of subtracting one number from another and then dividing by an other. The output will be rounded to
956: Create and apply the fractional value transformation.  Code snippet to create an object that can be used as input in
957: Split the text into paragraph. The result is an array of strings where each string represents one or more sentences from original document
958: Convert the input string to an integer representing size in bytes, kilobytes or megabyte based on its suffix
959: This R script calculates the sequence of all fires. It uses recursion to calculate and store sequences based on hierarchical data
960: This R script checks if the input number is evenly divided by another given integer.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
961: This R script generates all possible combination of attributes. It takes two arguments - the names and values associated with each feature/variable
962: Checks if two numbers are very close to each other.  It uses the absolute difference between them and checks whether it is
963: Calculates the derivative of an nth degree Polynoimal with respect to one Variable . The result is returned by
964: A simple R script that converts text into URL friendly format using the 'sluggish' package  . This is
965: This is an R script that checks if the input vector y has exactly one element.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
966: This R script performs elementwise multiplication of two lists based on weights provided by the user and returns modified list as output .
967: This R script finds all occurrences of the input subpattern in another given pattern. It returns an integer vector with positions
968: Convert dpid to integer format using hexadecimal conversion and return the resultant value .} ,,,,.   `
969: Function that converts strings into boolean values based on their content, with the exception of false and true being case insensitive .
970: This is an implementation of the "dirty" version. It takes two arguments and returns one number that's either greater
971: Convert Facebook URLs to basic format – convert www.* and .*fbkurls*.to from facebook ur
972: Creates an independent copy of the given piece.  This is done by creating and returning another object that contains exactly what'
973: This R script calculates the minimum and maximum of two real numbers.  It returns these as an ordered pair in ascending
974: checks whether the input value 'x' can be interpreted as an integer or not .  If it cannot, then returns FALSE
975: Function to calculate the total area of 3D object.   .    Inputs : Length , Width and He
976: Normalises the since value to be in milliseconds or seconds, depending on whether it is timestamped data and returns as
977: This R script calculates the percentage of users who have purchased from brands.  It takes two arguments - numberOfBrand
978: This R script converts all the quotes in an input string to lowercase.  It uses regular expressions and builtin functions
979: This R script checks the winner of each row. It counts consecutive identical elements and returns first non zero element from end or beginning
980: Remove URLs from text strings  . This is an example of how to use the 'remove' method in R, which
981: checks whether the given string starts with ' name = ', or & .  If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE indicating that
982: Function to check whether an object can be converted into timestamp format with timezone information in R .  It checks the length of
983: This is the adjusted correlation coefficient between two lag values. It takes into account both positive and negative lags of xy data
984: Transform dictionary keys to lower case.  This is useful when you want your dataframe column names in all lowecase
985: checks if the input name matches any of its possible variations in terms.  It does so by converting both names and variants into
986: A linear model with factors as predictor variables.  The 'factor' variable is added to the list of parameters in order
987: This R script calculates the highest value of non null elements within each sublist or list inside an inputted grid/matrix
988: This R script writes the content of an object to file. The output is written in one line per record and separated by spaces
989: This R script converts the names of variables in dataframe to lowercase and replaces underscores with hyphens.
990: Create an RGB to HEX conversion.  This is done by converting the three primary colors into hexadecimal format using
991: Function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. The input is expected as numeric vectors of length three
992: Create and return an object with the provider's ID as key. The value associated is another list containing its Name , Last
993: This R script converts old commands in the form of !COMMANDNAME, to new ones with placeholders like $CM
994: This R script calculates the maximum detection confidence of all entries in detector output images.  If no image is provided it returns
995: This R script cleans the HTML body of an input string by removing all tags except 'HTML' content, leaving only textual
996: This R script removes locations from the input dataframe.  It takes two arguments - an existing location map and string to be
997: A simple R script to calculate the factorial of an input number. The result is returned as output and can be used elsewhere
998: This is the implementation of linear interpolation.  It takes two arguments - an array 'K' and another argument which represents
999: This is the mirrored version of ho hididu's function. It takes three arguments and returns an output based
1000: A simple R script that converts the first letter of each sentence in input string into uppercase and makes sure it is followed
1001: This R script calculates the average of grades. It takes as input an integer vector and returns its arithmetic means, which
1002: Convert unsigned integer to signed. If the value is greater than maximum limit, subtract max+offset from it . Otherwise just
1003: This R script checks if the bounding box coordinates are valid.  It returns TRUE when all values in 'boundary boxes
1004: Multiply two integers and returns the resultant integer value . e g t n l o r s i m p y
1005: This is the preprocessing of filesizes in bytes to megabytes or kilobyte, depending on user'
1006: Create an object that mirrors the source dictionary.  The keys of which are derived from values within 'Source' and vice
1007: This R script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  It also handles multiple consecutive spaces by removing them
1008: This R script retrieves the user agent from HTTP request headers.  It is used to identify client software and device type that
1009: Function to test if the given path exists or not .  It returns true when file exist and false otherwise..    Example usage
1010: This is the R script to calculate one of two functions based on input parameters r and c  . The first parameter determines whether
1011: A distance measure between two vectors.  It calculates the absolute difference of each element in both input vector and returns their sum
1012: Function to convert color codes into ANSI escape sequences.  Code is used in conjunction with the print() or cat().
1013: This is an implementation of the projected gradient descent algorithm in R language using S3 methods and lapply to apply it on each
1014: Calculates the distance between two positions.  This is done by subtracting each position from another and then taking absolute values of
1015: This R script calculates the Thermal Diffusion Coefficient.  The input parameters are Temperature and Pressure values which
1016: This R script checks if the date in variable 'first' is earlier than that of another.  It compares years and
1017: This is an R script that converts two integers from tibble format to integer vector .  It takes in the input
1018: This R script is used as an input in the function 'getArea' which takes two parameters - area and type. It
1019: Counts the number of times character appears within each row. Returns vector with counts per individual rows . The input is two arguments
1020: This is an R script that converts the first 'n' characters of each word in string input to uppercase.
1021: A simple R script that prints out the greeting message.  Code is designed to take in an input of 'b'
1022: A simple multiplication of two numbers.  Returns the product as output .   Example usage : multiplyTwoNumbers()
1023: Convert the given number of seconds into hours and minutes in human readable format .   Inputs : Number Of Secondes ,
1024: This is the first part of an equation that calculates how much money you have left after buying some items.  It takes
1025: checks if all elements of the first vector are in second.  Returns TRUE or FALSE .   Inputs : two vectors as
1026: Generating intermediate and final point coordinates. The number of generated intermediaries is determined by the input parameter 'number'.
1027: A simple R script to calculate the difference between two voltages. This is useful in many applications where you need an easy
1028: A simple R script to calculate the smallest integer less than or equal value that is divisible by given number.  It rounds
1029: This R script calculates the sum of mutations at each site. The number is calculated by multiplying frequency with density and
1030: This R script checks whether an email template is already present.  If it's not found then the user can be prompted
1031: Checks if the given name of any services in an object.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .   Parameters : Service
1032: This is the definition of an anonymous SIGMA object that calculates σ^(-0,378).
1033: Function to retrieve the first occurrence of an object with specific name from list or vector .   Result is returned as it was passed
1034: Generates the SageMaker key to access revision metadata.  The keys are stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service bucket
1035: This R script is used to select the most suitable annotation from an array of possible variants. The input parameters are csq string
1036: This R script calculates the width of an integer or numeric value's range.  It takes as input two values
1037: A filter that allows only the sender' srv domain.  This is used to prevent spamming from other domains .
1038: Calculates the ratio of nozles in an engine.   Inputs are Molar mass and Gamma variable which determines
1039: This R script calculates the coordinates of one point in ‘central’ position. The input is four numbers representing two
1040: This is an R script that applies ticket permissions. It takes in the environment and request object along with list of all available tick
1041: Converts an integer to its equivalent bit representation. The input is the decimal value and output will be represented as bits of
1042: This R script extracts the base branch name from cherrpy pick branches names in format '<type>-(commit)'
1043: This R script blends two colors. It takes in the RGB values of both input color channels and returns an output channel with
1044: This is the R programming language's implementation of an exponentially weighted moving average.  It calculates and returns values based
1045: This R script defines the 'rhombusc' area of an ellipse with given diagonals as input parameters and
1046: This R script checks whether the input string contains any of given keywords related to events or timeline and classifications .  It
1047: A simple linear interpolation.  This is used to estimate the derivative of x at time 't' with respect ot y
1048: Function to perform division of two numbers and handle possible errors such as dividing with zeros or non numerics inputs . Par
1049: This is the R script to convert an input string into its individual characters vector . This can be used in conjunction with
1050: Calculates the total number of bytes that are always live.  .    Args : liness , list with all tiles
1051: Skip properties in the object.  This is used to prevent certain types of objects from being displayed or processed by other functions
1052: A simple R script to extract the first ten characters of an input URI. This is useful in data cleaning tasks where you want
1053: This is the implementation of an identifier loader. It checks whether or not to use identifiers in dataframe rows based on their
1054: A simple addition of two vectors.  Code is written in R language and uses the '+' operator to add corresponding elements
1055: A simple R script to check the shape of an input. If it's not two elements long then returns its value twice
1056: Map the input value from range [INPUT MINIMUM , INCLUSIVE] to output color channel values between OUT
1057: Check whether all elements of the smaller dictionary are present as keys and values within bigger dictionaries. If not it returns FALSE else
1058: This R script retrieves the machine value associated with an IP Address from its list of known machines and returns it as numerics
1059: Returns the key to use when accessing ceph groups in R .  The returned string is used as an identifier of specific
1060: Convert binary string to decimal number using the rules of “fake binaries” . The input is converted into an array where
1061: A simple R script to generate regex pattern that matches strings with at least 1 occurrence of the same character repeated twice. This
1062: This R script replaces all occurrences of the substrings specified by 'query substitutions' with an empty string
1063: Convert radian to hours minutes seconds format in R .   Code snippet : Converts the input angle from degrees
1064: Function to convert request message objects into string. 1 object per line separated by comma . The text of the requests are concaten
1065: This R script calculates the overlap between two intervals.  It returns how much of one interval is within another by comparing their
1066: checks if all elements of the first vector are in second.  If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE . This is equivalent to
1067: This is the half mode of an exponential distribution. It's used to calculate how many times it takes until we get back
1068: This is the R script to generate parameters required by Mozilla DNS Manager API .  It takes three arguments - random string and
1069: Concatenates all the command lines into one string.  Input is an array of strings representing individual shell or R script
1070: A recursive implementation of the factorial calculation.  The base case is when ```[...]` returns an integer,
1071: This R script compares two MBTs and returns TRUE or FALSE based on their values in the format mm::dd/
1072: This R script returns the end of cycle in given years. If input is even number it will return same as output else increment
1073: A simple implementation of the Dot product.  Code is used to compute and return one element by elements multiplication result in two
1074: A simple way to up or down the number by one place in its decimal part . e g.,halfUpRound(-
1075: Convert an R vector to PostgreSQL array format.  This is useful when you want your data in the form of string that can
1076: This R script checks whether the given URL points to an image or CSS link. It does so by checking its file extension and
1077: This R script finds the largest number in an input list.  It uses builtin max() to do so .}
1078: Function to check whether the given license plate number matches with its corresponding pattern.  The first argument should be an integer representing how
1079: Removes the specified string from end of input. If it ends with provided suffices then remove that part else returns original strings
1080: A simple word count average calculator. It takes in sentences and returns the number of characters per one character on an English sentence
1081: This R script makes the color gray by reducing its intensity based on given factors and masks out any colors that are equal to
1082: This is an R script that converts the mass of Earth's atmosphere into kilograms using 3,68
1083: checks whether the input number can be expressed as sum of two numbers. If yes, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE . This algorithm
1084: Function to check if the line starts with #. This checks whether or not it should be considered as comment in R scripting
1085: checks whether the input string s can be converted to numerically representing real numbers or not .  If it cannot, then returns
1086: Compute the boundaries of items and users based on number workers to distribute workload across them .   [END] Code Summary
1087: This is the Fuel consumption of an object moving at constant speed in km/h, given its initial velocity and time to
1088: Convert complexity names to standard formatting and remove unnecessary prefixes from variable/parameter name in R scripting language  Code sn
1089: This R script calculates the index of weather prediction based on pressure coefficient and trend coefficients. The formula used is simple but effective
1090: Convert degrees to decimal minutes. If the direction is west or south then convert it into negative value . e g., WN
1091: This R script checks the value of an input and returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it is one among four predefined
1092: Converts an integer to float in the range –9,86473 . To convert it back use
1093: A recursive implementation of the "skip muls" algorithm. This is used to calculate factorial and other related values,
1094: This R script creates an empty vector and then fills it with elements from the input lists. The output is not sorted or repeated
1095: A simple calculator that performs addition/ subtraction and multiplication.  It also supports division operation .   Inputs are two
1096: A simple R shiny app to display the text 'hello' on screen. ...} .on("data",
1097: This is the conversion from meters to decimeters. It takes as input an object of class "m" and returns its
1098: Convert samples to millisecondes .    Input : Samples and Sample rate , Output = Time in ms     Example ->
1099: A simple R script that calculates the sum of all elements within an inputted numerically valued array. The result is returned
1100: Returns the string "*" connected *"  . This is an example of how to create custom attribute getters. It'
1101: A simple R script to calculate the sum of squares from three numbers. The minimum value is calculated first and then used as both
1102: This is the main user interface of our application. It takes two inputs Q and MMD which are in mm^3/
1103: This R script defines the 'pairwise distance' between two given English language dictionary terms. It checks whether both inputted term
1104: creates an R script that filters out the list of strings containing at certain index not equal to provided character. The output is another
1105: This R script parses the schedule data into numerics  .   It splits by commas and then selects only
1106: This R script removes the first and last quotes from string values.  It does so by using regular expressions to match any text
1107: This R script removes commans and other special characters from the input text.  It also converts multiple spaces into single space
1108: Function to check whether pixel coordinates are inside the image dimensions.  Inputs -> Image dimension and Pixels coordinate .
1109: This R script checks whether the user has permission to run jobs on missing images in their configuration file or not .  It uses
1110: Generates the start of an array in VHDL.  The input is used to generate specific addresses that are then mapped
1111: Calculates the Catalangian number.  The formula is used to calculate binomials coefficients in combinatorial mathematics, specifically
1112: Computes the inner product of two vectors. The result is returned as an output from your program .   [END OF SUM
1113: Calculates the cumulative sum of points within each group. This is used to calculate an average point position over time series data
1114: A simple R script to generate sequences.  Code is not functional, but serves as an example of how one might start writing
1115: This is the mock implementation of generating challenges. It generates random strings based on user and password inputs to be used in SMS
1116: This R script generates the directory name based on architecture.  It checks whether an input string matches any of i|x|
1117: This R script converts the given file paths to POSIX format.  It removes any leading 'http' or local
1118: This R script calculates the percentage change between two EUROPEAN values.  The result is returned as an integer value
1119: This is the R script to convert chromosome numbers into human readable format.  It takes an input of numeric
1120: This R script implements the functionality of adding two lists element by elements and returning an integer vector resultant from that operation . The
1121: Calculates the percent decrease between two numbers. Returns decimal value of change in % . e..g., if input is [
1122: checks whether the given string starts with one of several requirements.  If it does, returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE .   Code
1123: Convert the token to an aggregator.  If it's SUM, convert into summation operator; otherwise returns NULL .
1124: Function to get the last part of user input.  .   ->    Code snippet that gets only what is
1125: This R script calculates the molecular weight of an object given its atomic number and mass numbers using empirical formula M=Na+
1126: This R script takes in an input commodities' codes and returns the same string without any dots.  It is used to
1127: Counts the number of occurrences within text that match with given string. The search is case sensitive and stops at first
1128: Calculates the modal peak of two peaks in one dimension with given parameters and returns it's value  . Input is three
1129: Convert string to boolean.  If the input is "True", convert it into TRUE, otherwise FALSE . For example : true
1130: Create an R script that returns the names of all layers in state.  This is done by checking each layer's type
1131: Function to calculate the product of two numbers with an additional factor applied on them using trigonometric functions and exponentiation operation .
1132: Calculates the Normalized Difference Water Index based on green and near infrared reflectance values . The formula used is N
1133: This R script returns the extension of an inputted filename in lowercase formatting  .e..g : "getExtension
1134: This R script is used to extract the keys from an object of type rreporting message which contains multiple messages and their respective
1135: A simple R script to convert numeric values into "yes" or “NO” strings, and handle NA's
1136: This is the prediction model that takes in score and returns “+/–” or raw value based on certain conditions,
1137: This R script generates the filename from given file or directory paths. It splits and returns last part of string after splitting by
1138: A recursive implementation of the Binomial Coefficient calculation. The formula is used to calculate combinations and permutations respectively
1139: Convert the name of an R Package to its corresponding path on disk  Inputs : A string representing one or more packages .
1140: This R script creates an anonymous or "nice" version of the input list. If two elements in pairs are equal,
1141: checks if the input is repeating pair. If yes, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .} Code snippet to test it
1142: checks whether the name of an object starts with "REFS/" or not. This can be used to identify ref names in
1143: This R script checks if the passphrases contain any duplicates. It does so by splitting each word in an input
1144: Create an R script that takes as input the release number and returns it with '.' appended to ‘.minor
1145: A set of functions to perform quaternion operations. The first three are basic arithmetic and the last two can be used
1146: This R script converts the first character of each string in an input vector into Title Case.  It does so by converting
1147: Create unique name of the remote cluster.  This is used to identify and manage clusters in different namespaces .    Example usage
1148: This R script defines the 'boundin box 3d' operation. It takes as input an array of coordinates and returns
1149: Convert the given “Box” object to Pascale coordinates. This is done by taking into account its position and size in
1150: This R script calculates the BBCenters of two bounding boxes in terms x and y coordinates, given as vectors containing
1151: Function to check whether an Interface is present within VLANs.  Returns true or false based on the presence of that
1152: checks whether the input string represents an acceptable Git SHAHASH  Code snippet to check git sha validity . The length
1153: checks if all user inputs are populate or not  .   ## [1] "is" -> check whether
1154: A simple R script to calculate the atomic number of an atom.  It uses dictionaries and returns corresponding value from dictionary based
1155: This is an implementation of the Interpolation Rate Limiting algorithm in R . The input to it should be power load factor
1156: Computes the polygon's surface are using Shoelace formula . The input is two vectors of coordinates representing vertices and returns
1157: Function to check if two vectors are different in terms of their logical content but not necessarily the same length or order  .
1158: This R script deletes null values from the input vector num .  It checks whether each element in 'vector' is NULL
1159: Create and run the training of an ML algorithm on chemical property prediction. The input is set to feature extraction or not;
1160: Compare two objects and determine their relative order in the sequence of elements they represent – NULLs are considered smaller than any other
1161: This R script is used to convert underscore (_ ) separated names into space (' ‘). It's useful in data
1162: Convert year to numerics in the format of 'YYY' .   Inputs : Year , Output - Numerical
1163: Convert the given path to safe string format.  Replaces all slashes, backslashed characters and spaces with undersco
1164: This R script defines the 'function' named "colour" which takes an input of type vector and returns another one.
1165: Un advertises the given ROS Service.  [ServiceName] is unpublished and no longer available to other nodes in
1166: This R script converts the given coordinates to pixels on an euclidean plane in terms that are relative with respect tilting
1167: A simple helper to generate an SAS key from the path and file names.  It is used in conjunction with AWS SD
1168: Count the number of times an increasing measurement is detected. The input to your program should be two vectors, one representing measurements taken
1169: Find the voctal coordinate of an object within its spatial domain  Inputs : x , float or integer;    &
1170: A recursive implementation of the factorial calculation.  The base case is when n equals to zero or less than one and
1171: This is the main node of our network. It takes two arguments - hostnames and presences ids which are used to
1172: Normalizes the input string.  Converts all characters in an entry into lowercase letters using R's builtin
1173: Generates the image's thumbs. This is done by replacing .jpgs with specified sizes in
1174: This R script creates an object that returns the ID of any inputted objects, whether it is character or not .  It
1175: Convert string of comma separated tag names into list.  The input is the name/value pairs in csv format and output
1176: This R script converts LaTeX syntax into plain text. It removes the dollar signs and backslashes from input string
1177: This R script converts the given 'Time' into an equivalent value in terms of minutes.  It rounds down to nearest
1178: This R script removes URLs from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to find and replace 'http://' or
1179: This R script reads the subject from file names.  It splits on underscore and returns first part of split result .
1180: This R script creates an output data frame with the same structure as input but swaps port 0 and Port N. The
1181: A simple R script which converts single quotes into double quoted strings and vice versa using regular expressions  .   Code is
1182: This R script calculates the scores of each word based on its repeated occurrence. The scoring system is as follows; when two
1183: This R script generates an HTML list box.  The user can select one or more options from the dropdown menu by clicking
1184: This is the JWT handler that gets label from payload.  It returns token's user id if it exists in
1185: Convert dataframe to multilevel model.   Code is used in the process of converting an existing hierarchical or multiindexed
1186: This is the first line of an R script that creates and returns next integer after input number ii .  If there's
1187: This R script calculates the equation of line passing through two points.  The slope is calculated as difference in y coordinates divided
1188: This R script creates an SQL statement to delete the table with given `NAME`.  If it exists, deletes that
1189: This R script generates the local date time and other relevant information about each species in an input dataset.  The output is then
1190: Calculates the buy in price based on given amount.  The calculation is done by adding an additional percentage to give more room
1191: Checks whether or not an object is empty.  Returns TRUE when the input argument has no elements, and FALSE otherwise .
1192: 3 functions are defined to check whether the input string matches with regular expression or not, and returns TRUE/ FALSE accordingly based
1193: This R script emits list of arguments as string. It removes leading and trailing white spaces from each argument in the input
1194: This R script combines an extractor and dimension name into one string.  The output is the combination of both as "<
1195: This R script removes the minimum value from each line of an inputted 3D array. The values are subtracted by
1196: Get target volume from the module's parameters or default to null  . Code snippet that gets an object of type
1197: Find the length of prefix that is present in all strings within an array or vector inputted by user . The algorithm starts from
1198: Generates the start and end dates of St Helens holiday periods based on given date parameters . The first half is from December
1199: Convert seconds to formatted string with three decimal places, or zero when null input is provided . Inputs are converted from integer/
1200: Returns 'Update' or list based on the input parameter is.  update -> true, false otherwise returns "List"
1201: This R script creates an object that when called, will disable the button on page load or after clicking it once more times depending
1202: This is the R script to convert Celsuus temperature into Fahrenhite using an anonymous functions in r programming
1203: Convert alias to official habitia name.  For example, convert 'username' or email into the equivalent of Habitra
1204: This R script calculates the power of 10 that is closest to num. It uses ceiling and log functions from base
1205: Normalises the given data point.  This is done by subtracting from each element of datanotation an arbitrary value
1206: This R script is used to calculate the number of bytes needed by an object in memory. It takes into account whether it'
1207: This R script fits the line to data using ordinary least squares.  The coefficients of regression are returned as an array in order
1208: A simple R script to generate SSH command.  It takes an object of class 'EC' as input and returns the corresponding
1209: Convert the given size in pixels to points. This is useful when you want your text or other graphical elements on different devices have
1210: Normalizes the given number by dividing it with reference value.  Returns normalized version of inputted numeric parameter p and
1211: Returns the full path to an executable in PATH environment variable, given its name as input argument . This is equivalent of shell
1212: Convert numbers to readable format.  Input is in millions, thousands or other units and output will be formatted as per the
1213: This R script removes the last word from an input string.  It does so by using regular expressions to match any non-"
1214: This R script adds the specified string to end of each character vector in an input data frame. The purpose is mainly used when
1215: A simple implementation of the Mathews correlation coefficient between two vectors in R . The formula is derived from theory and empirical studies
1216: This is the first line of an R script that calculates taxes based on GROSS income . The input to our IT
1217: This R script checks whether the inputted strings are yes, no or changed. It also converts all characters in lower case
1218: A uniform prior distribution. The probability of the parameter being within bounds is returned if it's not outside them otherwise zero .
1219: Function to check if the file extension of filename matches .CIA or one among other extensions (.Tik and CETK
1220: A linear interpolation between two values based on time parameter 't'. The result is calculated by adding up both input vectors and
1221: Function to check whether the 'item', within an object, contains at least one item with snippets and channel title.
1222: Function to convert namespace into URI format  .   Inputs : Namespace string , Output -> Converted NSURI Format
1223: This R script replaces all occurrences of the characters specified by 'new' with those from another character string.
1224: checks whether the given 'User Type' exists within an array of authorized users.  If it does exist then returns TRUE else
1225: This R script cleans the Ensembl IDs by taking out any prefixes and converting to uppercase  . The input is
1226: A simple R script to get captions from DCS data based on ids  Input parameters are the ID of an item
1227: Function to generate Google Maps link from address string  Input -> Address String Output => Returns the generated google maps url as
1228: This R script makes the root name of an LAS (.laz files). It takes as input one .Las filename
1229: This R script takes an input date in the format of DD/MMMCCCYY and returns it sorted by day
1230: This R script converts the input word into its constituent letters.  It splits on non alphanumeric characters
1231: This R script generates the Arduino version number from an input ARDUINo object  . The output is in format major,
1232: This R script cleans the invite link in discrod server embeds by replacing 'https://' with '' and removing any tra
1233: Function to check whether an Entity is within any Span of the Group.  If so returns TRUE else FALSE .
1234: This R script generates the name of an indexed database tables.  The input is 'datarelease'. It returns "
1235: A simple recursive implementation of the Fibo sequence. The first two numbers are always returned as is, and then each
1236: Implementation of the Biliniearly interpolated in R.  The input is two points and an output point'
1237: This R script creates an object that generates all possible subsequences of the input vector. The length and content are defined by user
1238: A simple R script to convert an integer into its English word equivalent.  For example, input = 3 would return 'third
1239: Convert numerics to string with 1 decimal place, e..g., "34" -> '0's
1240: A simple R script that adds 3 to the input value and prints it. The result is always "correct". This can
1241: Convert mass from solar masses to millions of years old units using the formula given by Bohr and Maher in their paper
1242: This R script is used to find the latest date from list of dataframes  . The input parameter 'get' should be
1243: This R script converts the input data into bytes.  It takes in two or three elements and returns their respective byte values
1244: This R script generates the column names from an inputted 3D array of strings representing tic tack toe boards .
1245: This R script generates unique ids with the format of "XYZA-" and then appending last four digits from
1246: Convert underscores to hyphens in string.  Code is used as an example of how the g subfunction can be
1247: This is an R script that formats the given User ID into HTML mention. This will be used to generate mentions in
1248: Convert all "false" values to NULL in the dataframe  .   Parameters : ctx - context of current execution state
1249: Convert the input string to binary format using ASCII values of “[]” and replace 'O' with '-', '#
1250: This R script calculates the decay rate of an error in Interactive Reasoning Bots. It takes as input two
1251: This R script calculates the accuracy of an algorithm.  It takes as input two vectors - 'outpus' and
1252: Merge two or more objects into one object using recursive merging strategy  Code snippet to illustrate the usage of
1253: This R script calculates the equivalent of one pixel in another unit.  It takes three arguments - 'New Width',
1254: This R script calculates the total number of game levels based on their difficulty.  The formula used is simple and straightforward,
1255: Calculates the difference between squares of sums and given number.  Code is used to calculate differences in terms that are easier on
1256: This R script scales all elements of an iteratable object to one.  It finds the maximum value in that list and div
1257: This R script generates an appropriate sentence summarizing the input vector. It handles cases where there are more than two elements, less
1258: A simple R script to calculate the squared value of an input number.  Input is taken as argument and output will be
1259: This R script generates the canonical form of an HTTP request's URL path by combining prefixes and controllers to create unique
1260: Remove the .XML extension from file names. This is useful when you want to work with files that have different extensions (.txt
1261: Function to check if the number is even. Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it's an EVEN NUMBER
1262: This R script generates an array of numbers that are equally distributed among the elements in another vector.  The distribution is done by
1263: This R script generates the preferred URL scheme and server hostname from configuration data.  It is used to generate an app'
1264: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor. The algorithm uses Euclid's method to find GCD between
1265: This R script converts the number of steps into its percentage position.  It takes two arguments; one is 'number'
1266: This R script maps Facebook user info to an SSO User Info object. It takes in the Cogntio ID and
1267: This R script calculates the total volumetric measurement of radars and LIDAR data points within an environment where
1268: This R script defines the 'relativeViewName' as an object that takes two arguments - "views" and “Resolver
1269: This R script defines the 'square' of sum and difference between two functions. The first one calculates square root from given
1270: This R script checks whether the user has left by checking certain phrases or keywords that could indicate they have exited/left .
1271: This R script generates the random index pair counts between two vectors of equal length and returns their ratio when they are not all zero
1272: checks whether the input object can be considered as removing or not based on its class and first six characters of string representation . If
1273: This R script updates the balance of an investment portfolio. It takes as input three parameters - 'initial' portofolio
1274: A recursive solution to the problem of counting combinations with three steps. The base cases are when step is less than zero or
1275: This R script checks whether the given indices are within bounds.  It returns true only when both pairs of indexes satisfy their respective
1276: Verifies that the two input strings are identical up to whitespaces and tabs at both ends of each line only .  If
1277: Modifies the list of pieces based on their color. This is done by checking whether they are 'white'/black or not
1278: A simple R script to prompt the user n times and read their names. The input is not used but serves as an example
1279: This R script creates an underlined version of the inputted text.  It checks to make sure that only one word is
1280: This R script checks the validity of playing cards. It verifies that all king's are placed on appropriate colors and have
1281: This is the R script that generates sequence of levels based on average distance between two points. It takes initial energy level E and
1282: This R script generates the URLs of SEC EDGAR master file indexes by quarter and specific date provided in input parameter
1283: Create an error message when no specific Ansbile PlayBook provided to test .  This will be used by pyTest and
1284: This R script defines the `getLocalBatchSize` method, which calculates and returns batch size based on whether it is
1285: This R script removes leading and trailling whitespace from each line of the input vector. It does not modify lines that are
1286: This R script parses the response from put location request.  It takes in one argument - 'physpath' which is
1287: Calculates the thickness of pressure in two different cases based on given parameters and conditions . The first case calcula...   [
1288: This R script calculates the Landauer G factor.  The input parameters are 'gs' and/or "gl"
1289: This R script processes file types based on the given MIME type. It returns an appropriate extension or "Other" when no
1290: This R script counts the number of OSD devices. It checks whether there is an entry named Cephe Answer Dis
1291: This R script calculates the minimum proportion of samples that are expected under each hypothesis test. The input is an array containing all
1292: This R script converts the coordinates of an image box into pixel values. The input parameters are in terms relative to original size
1293: A simple R script to check whether the year is Leap or not. It checks firstly,whether it's div
1294: A simple R implementation of the power operation with remainder.  This is equivalent to base ^ exp in python but also takes into
1295: Average real time measurements in the list of RTs  Code is to calculate and return an averaged value from rtList
1296: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits values within an interval.  It takes three arguments - x is what
1297: This R script trims the first 7 characters of each string in input. If length is more than eight then it returns
1298: This R script generates an XML tag with the given parameters. The taxonomy of each organism is represented as 'genus
1299: A simple R script to generate the name of cells in an excel file.   .   `cell() `function is used
1300: Update the streams values based on event data.  This is used to keep track of changes made by users and their respective events
1301: Counts the number of elements that are common between two linked lists. The input is both singly and doubliable Linked
1302: This R script extracts the id of users from Twitter handles.  It removes '<>' and also surrounding characters before/
1303: This R script creates an object called "rev" that reverses the order of its input.  It takes in one argument
1304: A simple R script that defines an anonymous or named "function" to calculate the cubic of any number.  It then uses
1305: This R script processes URLs. It checks whether the input is an HTTP or HTTPS link and adds http to it
1306: Calculates the temperature and density of an atmosphere given initial conditions .   [...]    Code snippet to be used in
1307: A simple R script to convert the last letter of any given string into its singular form when needed in programming languages like Python or
1308: checks if the input string contains one of these characters.  If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .   Inputs
1309: This R script checks whether the given input string starts with "-" or "/". If it does, then returns FALSE. Otherwise
1310: Checks if value is within the range of two values.  Returns TRUE or FALSE .   Parameters : Values to
1311: Calculates the shift in field of view based on distance from target. The formula is derived by using focal length and object'
1312: A recursive implementation of the modulo operation. It counts how many times one can divide n by p to get zero remainder
1313: This R script calculates the mean of two numbers.  The input parameters are 'b' and its reciprocal ('
1314: This R script parses the input data into integer format.  It splits on newline characters and then converts each
1315: Transform the given string into an integer that represents its numerical value in terms of major and minor versions separated by dots . e
1316: This R script generates the name of an output file that will be used to store results from running simulations in HDFS using
1317: A simple encryption/decryption algorithm.  This is used to encipher and then later deenciphers the encrypted message
1318: This is the R script to calculate height of matrix.  It returns length from first row in given inputted dataframe/
1319: This R script exports the content of an article from Wiki News to HTML format using Wikipedia's Special Export feature,
1320: Returns 'FLOAT' or an integer depending on whether input is float, returns decimal part of number otherwise  . e
1321: This R script calculates the inverse of four numbers. The input is two pairs and one number to form an equation in terms
1322: A recursive implementation of the calculation factoria.  The base case is when n equals to zero, in which it returns
1323: Create an object with type web URL.  . Inputs : Title and Url to create the WebURL Object in JSON
1324: This R script formats error messages from an object of class 'error'.  It recursively goes through the elements and subelements
1325: This R script sorts the characters in an inputted character vector or list of strings and returns them sorted alphabetically .
1326: This R script calculates the arithmetic average of an input sample.  It takes as its argument any numeric vector and
1327: This R script creates an object that represents the relative abundance of each unique sequence identifier present within inputted data. The output is
1328: A simple R script to find the coins with an even number of pennies. Code is used in coin change problem where
1329: This R script creates an encryption algorithm that takes as input two strings and returns the encrypted version of one string using another. The
1330: This R script checks whether the input is valid passports IDs or not by checking that it contains exactly 13 dig
1331: Create an R script that takes in one argument and returns the string enclosed by single or double quotes. If no quotation
1332: A simple R script to convert double values into integers, only when they are whole numbers and not fractional parts of an integer
1333: Create VPC module.  This will generate the necessary terraform configuration to set up an AWS vpn connection .    Par
1334: checks if the passphrases are valid by checking that there aren't any duplicate word in it.  If yes
1335: This R script calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from Heron's Form
1336: Function to categorize RSSI values into different levels. This is useful in diagnosing wireless network conditions and determining
1337: Convert the given 'Resource' object to its equivalent scope.  This is done by appending ".Default" at end of
1338: This is the optimal policy that minimizes cost in an environment with states ranging from zero to ten. The goal of such policies
1339: This R script checks whether the input is either TRUE or FALSE, case insensitive as per standard boolean conversion rules in programming languages
1340: This R script defines an 'increment' operation on letters. It takes as input one character and returns the following lowercase
1341: This R script calculates the reference distribution of scores. It takes as input an object that contains simulated data and returns two elements
1342: Functions that convert between different date formats and components of the dates such us years , quarters or weeks .  The functions are
1343: A simple R script that returns the input string.  It's used to demonstrate how functions in programming can be defined and
1344: Function to calculate the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula used is sqrt((x1 - x
1345: A simple R script to calculate transaction amount.  It can handle negative amounts and optionally add currency symbol at the end of
1346: Convert logical unit number to Freebsd disk name  .    Inputs : LU , Part Number of the Disk
1347: Convert float to integer string representation. The conversion is done by scaling the input value with respect its maximum possible size in binary form
1348: Convert string to unicode  Code snippet that converts the input character vector into its corresponding Unicodes . The
1349: Function to check whether the string ends with an underscored character.  If it does not end in '_', returns FALSE
1350: This R script removes the beginning and ending lines of public keys.  It takes as input one line string containing either "----
1351: This R script converts miles to kilometers per hour using the formula of conversion from km/hr = mph*
1352: This R script converts all non-"None" values to empty strings in the input text string, and returns it as output
1353: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in three dimensions. The formula used is |x₁−y₂
1354: Convert list of commands into string.  This is useful when you want to pass the result as an argument in another R script
1355: Create an R script that converts the input text to uppercase.  Code is provided in two languages - Python and JavaScript
1356: This R script calculates the amount of solute that is not hydrophobic or dissolved in one molecule
1357: Function to determine the number of columns in an R script.  It finds out where it was called from by looking at its
1358: This R script calculates the percentage difference between two prices. It takes in parameters of 'old' and current price to calculate
1359: Builds the ElasticSearch Search Query based on provided parameters . The user can specify either 'all' or any other field
1360: Checks if the given path string starts with '/'.  Returns TRUE or FALSE.   .    Example usage : print(.
1361: This R script checks the presence of certain keys in an input data frame.  It returns TRUE when all required fields are present
1362: Create an object with specified value and columns to be used as inputs in data processing functions  . Parameters are validated before
1363: Convert Hours Minutes Second to seconds . Function takes time in format 'HH::MM :: SS' and returns the total
1364: This R script checks whether the input is negative.  It returns true when there's at least one number in its argument
1365: A simple implementation of the basic statistics functions. It calculates both Mean and Variance from an input list ls . If
1366: This R script calculates the number of frames in an audio signal.  It takes three arguments dur = duration time to be
1367: This R script calculates the drain rate of an organic matter layer in soil using maximum storage capacity and conductance parameters from its
1368: Calculates the accuracy of binary classification model.  Inputs are true positive and false positives counts from confusion matrix . Output
1369: A simple R script to convert numbers into their word equivalent.  It takes three arguments - count of the number and its corresponding
1370: This R script replaces common URL components with an empty string to clean up the inputted website address, removing unnecessary parts such
1371: This R script calculates the start of each pixel in an image.  It takes as input two parameters ref and Wave
1372: A simple R script to perform One Hot Encoding on an input integer in the range of [o , n]. The output
1373: Parses AWS CloudTraIL events to extract relevant information. ...}`}}">Cloud Trails Event
1374: Function to check whether the input is null or not and returns it as per condition – If message exists then use that otherwise
1375: checks whether the given column and row positions are valid within an array. This can be used to check that we'
1376: This is an implementation of the "flat" version or conversion from nested list to one dimensional.  It uses R's
1377: A simple R script that converts scraping data into lists. ...}   # End of Code snippet
1378: This R script writes the contents of an input vector to file.  The elements are joined together into one string and then written
1379: This is an R script that joins tokens into one string.  It uses the "paste()" and 'collapse' functions to
1380: This R script defines an object that can be used to create and manage pattern objects in the context of regular expressions or other similar
1381: This R script cleans the filename of any .txt extension and adds it back in as needed by DYNAMO database
1382: This R script splits the input list into individual word elements. It also removes quotes from each element of outputted vector and
1383: This R script generates the next even number in an inputted directory permission. If it is already odd, then returns same value
1384: A simple implementation of the number theory problem where we count how many multiples are less than 'number' that have at least
1385: This is used to generate the memory key.  It takes two arguments - device id and type of states . The output will
1386: This is an example of the 'Stretching' operation in R programming language which stretches or shrinks values within certain
1387: This is the R script to calculate angularities of two given frequencies.  It takes in as input frequency data and returns an
1388: This R script finds the element that appears most frequently among an input vector. If there is more than one such frequent elements it
1389: This R script converts RGB colors to hexadecimal.  It takes an input of type 'integer' or vector
1390: This R script calculates the resistance of an electromechanical system with zero load current using linear regression model based on given
1391: This R script calculates the distance between two values. It takes three arguments - v is value to be checked and min/
1392: A simple R script to find the list of all factors or 'Divisor' numbers. It takes an input number and returns
1393: This is the definition of an object that calculates and returns one half value from two given numbers  .   Inputs :
1394: This R script rewrites the file names in an input vector of files to match certain naming conventions, replacing -
1395: Create processor name from robot and its specific component.  For example "Intel i7" or 'AMD Ryzen
1396: Convert the flow of water from rainfall into height.   Inputs are Rainfall Flow Rate and Duration in seconds
1397: This R script generates the name of an object from its URI. If no valid path is provided, it returns "na".
1398: Function to calculate the excess of rainfall from two measurements.  The input is total amount and height above ground level in
1399: This R script checks whether every color from the list of possible combinations is present.  If not it returns FALSE else TRUE .
1400: This R script checks if two rectangles overlap.  It takes as input the coordinates of four corners in each rectangle and returns
1401: This R script extends the input sequence with its uniques. It takes two sequences as inputs and returns one of them extended by
1402: A simple linear scaling of the input value within an interval to another range using inverse proportion between two endpoints . The formula is
1403: This R script returns the name of group from an input list that is similar to target.  It checks each element within '
1404: This script replaces all bad characters with an empty string. It takes as its argument the name of any character that is not
1405: This R script strips trailing newlines from the end of each string in an input vector. It does so by checking whether
1406: A simple R script to generate all prime numbers upto given input. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes
1407: This R script checks if the content of an input .txt or other text files matches with provided string in one line using built
1408: This is the implementation of Modulo operation on list elements. It doubles each even number and subtracts nine from odd
1409: A recursive implementation of the Collatz Conjecture.  The conjecture states that every positive integer starts with either zero
1410: A simple R script to extract the solution from an inputted story. ...}   # End of Code snip
1411: This R script splits the ticker information into individual components.  It uses str splitting to separate out different types of data
1412: A simple R max() equivalent in one line.  It returns the maximum of two numbers or vectors .   If you are
1413: This R script calculates the normalized score.  The input parameters are scores and sizes of two different populations or groups to be
1414: Returns the type of an object. If it's one or more types in list then returns 'array'. Otherwise just gives
1415: A linear interpolation between two points.  This is used to calculate the position of an object in response or animation based on
1416: Calculates the total size of an elliptic band.   Inputs are minimum and maximum eigenvalues to calculate from .    Output
1417: This R script calculates the smallest difference between two angles. It takes in as input one or more degrees and returns either of
1418: This is an implementation of the difference rate formula. It calculates and returns how much one value deviated from another in
1419: This script checks if input string matches either of two predefined phrases in lowercase form, returning true or false accordingly .
1420: This R script checks whether the last character of each input string is CRLF. If it finds any such characters in an
1421: Create an IRF file using the LSTChain software package in R environment  Code is to create and submit job on SL
1422: This is an implementation of the bounded linear interpolation. It takes three arguments x ,m and  . The result will be
1423: This is an R script that opens and reads the contents of filename. If there's any problem opening or reading it then
1424: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate and compare two sets' heights.  It takes in old height values from one
1425: A simple Eulers method to calculate the next time step in an ODE system.  Code is used as part of
1426: Convert pixels to meters using the ratio between two measurements of distance in one unit  . Inputs are x and y coordinates from
1427: This R script converts the string into directory format.  It removes all spaces, apostrophes and brackets from input
1428: Quotes are removed from the input string in R language  Code snippet to remove quotes around strings that may have been
1429: This R script removes all white spaces from the input string.  It is used to securely remove sensitive data such as user
1430: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two proposals and an annotation rectangle.  The IOU is calculated as intersection area divided
1431: This is the Heavysine step activation unit. It returns ‘TRUE’ when value>threshold, else it
1432: This is an R script that calculates the value of p raised to power two hundred and ten times minus one, which gives
1433: This is an example of how to calculate the corrected atmospheric refractivity using approximate and sun elevation angle as inputs
1434: Create an id from file system name and mount point.  This is used to identify the client in Lustrer'S
1435: This R script parses the input string to remove HTML tags and extra spaces.  It also removes leading/trailing white
1436: This R script checks whether the given numbers are Pythaogorus triplets or not.  It does so by checking that
1437: Flattern the list of lists.  This is equivalent to using map() and rbind(). However it's more efficient
1438: A simple version of the R language' s() or sprintf(). This is used to convert values into strings, similar
1439: Function to calculate the difference between two times in minutes  .   Inputs are expected tiems and outputs numerics representing
1440: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding ASCII values.  It uses the 'grep' and replace
1441: A simple R script to convert the input in ft and inch into cm . The conversion is done by multiplying with respective values
1442: This R script cleans the input string by removing unwanted characters. It uses regular expressions to identify and remove brackets [], parent
1443: This R package compares two versions of software packages and returns -> . A version is considered greater than the other one when
1444: A recursive implementation of the calculation and storage/retrieval operations on an array. The input is assumed to be positive
1445: This R script converts the given set of unique English stopwords into an indexed version.  It does so by creating
1446: A simple mapping from integer to string.  Maps the integers into their corresponding strings, and vice versa using two pairs
1447: checks whether the given value can be called as an object or not . If it's call able then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE
1448: This R script formats the logging messages from an LDA text analysis. It recognizes specific keywords and extract their corresponding values to
1449: This R script creates an efficient way to find the distinct items in two lists. It uses list comprehension and unnesting
1450: This is the first step in creating an exposure configuration file (.crdscfg). It generates and returns headers that are used
1451: Code checks whether the input is of type git or github. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true
1452: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated as overlapping area of both bounding rectangles
1453: A simple R script that prints out hello message. This is an example of how to define and use functions in
1454: Function to add ingresses into security group on AWS EC2 instance . The user can specify the IP address range and protocol of
1455: Implementa una función que imprime un mensaje de bienvenida al usuario. Si el parámetros no son correctas
1456: Interpolates the cubic hermites polynomial at point 'x' using four points given by ('a',b),('
1457: This R script parses parameters from the command line into an object that can be used later on .  The input is expected
1458: This R script calculates the sum of all elements within an input list.  The first element is taken as base, and
1459: A simple implementation of the Sigmoidal Function derivative in R programming language  .    "sig" is used to denote input
1460: This R script groups the input data by lines.  It creates an empty vector and then adds each unit to its corresponding line
1461: Get the reference path based on OpenAPI major version. 1 -> "definition", > v = 0, and <
1462: A simple implementation of the Dot product. This is done by multiplying corresponding elements from two vectors and then adding them up
1463: A simple health system that takes in two parameters. If the player's current "Health" is less than their initial amount
1464: This checks if two intervals overlap.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether the given interval pairs do not intersect with each
1465: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The first two numbers are preloaded as constants, and
1466: This R script defines the 'powerof' or exponentiation operation.  It takes two arguments - base number and exponential value
1467: This is the implementation of simple Linear Regression model. It takes two parameters - slope and intercept which are used to
1468: This R script removes duplicated rows from multiple data sets.  It uses the 'unique' command to identify and eliminate duplicate
1469: Merge zeros and remove duplicates from the input vector. The output is an array of numbers with merged consecutive nonzer
1470: This R script counts the number of parents in each node's graph structure .  It checks whether or not there are any
1471: A simple R script to calculate the given value in relation with another argument's %age . If no second parameter is provided
1472: Convert the username into lowercase, replace spaces with hyphens and remove dots.  This is used in creating unique usern
1473: This is the implementation of an exponentially weighted moving average crossover strategy in R language using historical price data to generate
1474: This R script generates the name of regresors file based on run number. This is useful when you want to
1475: Function checks if all levels in the level object are present as keys of skriniki dictionary.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
1476: This R script returns the first row of inputted 3x4 matrices. If not possible, it will return NA if
1477: Convert CMYK values to RGB.  Input is an object of class "cmValues", with fields 'c' and
1478: A simple R script to handle the collapse of sections in an HTML document.  It toggles between open and closed state based
1479: This R script cleans the input string by removing HTML tags and adding http prefix to non existing links.  It also ensures that
1480: This is an implementation of the classifier that assigns each input to one among three classes. The number and size distributions are
1481: Create and start the stream with given name.  This is used to initiiate streaming of transactions in an application .   Type
1482: This R script calculates the average geographical location of multiple locations.  It takes as input an object with coordinates in long
1483: A simple R script to convert the coordinates of an RC matrix into xy. The conversion is done by subtracting column number
1484: This R script checks whether all elements of the input vector are integers or not, returning TRUE when they're both integer and
1485: A simple R script to check whether an integer is Prime or not using the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm .
1486: This R script will remove the "_thumb" from filenames.  It takes as input one file name and returns just
1487: This R script defines the "speed" calculation in km/hr and rounds it to specified decimal places using an optional time offset
1488: This R script defines the model of an object's density in terms on its radius from Earth using three parameters - radii
1489: checks if the input variable exists in current environment  Code type : Function   Language used by user to write and run program,
1490: Function to find the maximum value from an inputted vector. The first element is considered as default and then it compares each
1491: This R script reads the first line of input and extract branch name from it. It then removes ' ref' part in front
1492: Converts MAC address string to tuple of integers in R language . The input is expected as hexadecimal format i
1493: checks if the input string can be interpreted as an integer. This includes checking that it's not empty and doesn
1494: This is the fixed version of an old R script that was meant to set ages below or equal one year older than three years
1495: This is the main entry point of our application. It creates parameters to be used in API calls and returns them as an object
1496: This is the conversion from minutes to millimeters, using an approximate ratio of .1684 millionth part per
1497: This R script defines the functionality to check whether or not an input string begins with any of n , v  j r .
1498: This R script converts date and time to ISO format using the built in functions of baseR package . The input should be
1499: This R script checks whether the given 'player' has already been researching before at least one of their technologies.  It
1500: Convert millisecond timestamp to seconds.   .    Input : A numeric value representing the number of ms since epoch time,
1501: This is the implementation of an R script that converts all characters in text to their corresponding ASCII values.  It uses
1502: This is an implementation of the mathematical constant "e" in R using machine precision as its base unit . The result will be
1503: Convert Snakes case formatting into Camels. For example 'snakeless' becomes camelled as in the output of
1504: Calculates the product of four input values. If any one or more are not supplied it returns an error message "you have
1505: checks if the input string matches pattern of temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit.  Returns TRUE when it
1506: This R script defines the "letter\_grades" functions that converts points to grades. The average is calculated and then mapped
1507: This R script generates the list of unique .torrent files from an input text.  The output is in comma separated format
1508: A simple implementation of the Hadamard product.  Code is used to compute and compare two vectors elementwise using their had
1509: A recursive algorithm to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers. The input is an integer, and it returns its
1510: This R script is used to extract the original file name from its full path.  It takes as input an absolute or relative
1511: This R script takes an input of matches, where each match is represented by two teams and their scores separated with '-'. The
1512: Count the number of True Positives. Code to count how many times predicted values are equal with actual value as 'True'.
1513: This is the parameters of an R script that generates custom formatted timestamps based on inputted kernel and timestamp values .
1514: Calculates the compound interest. Inputs are capital amount and number of years to invest or earn money; also inputs annual comp
1515: This R script filters out lines from the input 'data' that contain specific technology.  It returns these filtered results as output
1516: Function to Round any number x down or up by the nearest multiple of given 'base' value . For example : if you
1517: This R script defines an object called 'match title' that checks whether or not there is any matching string between two strings.
1518: Calculates the geometric center of two points in space with coordinates given by vectors 'b' and vector `c` . The
1519: Rename the given 'Element' to include its corresponding '-Charge'.  If it is zero then just returns an empty
1520: A naïve implementation of the Fibo sequence summation. It uses recursion to calculate each number in series up
1521: Normalizes the input x within range [dl..d] to output in scale of 0.1 . This is done
1522: This is the R script to calculate difference between two timestamps. It takes in input as 'timestamp' and returns absolute
1523: This R script reads the content of an entire .txt or any other type files.  It returns all lines as character vector
1524: Create two functions to generate conditional cell and column formats.  The first one takes the minimal value of data range as input parameter
1525: This R script is used to extract the channel from an application path name  . It checks whether there's " ch -
1526: This R script calculates the variance of an array. It takes two arguments - 'x' and its corresponding variances in
1527: This R script checks if the input chromsome name corresponds to an autopsy site. It returns TRUE or FALSE based on
1528: This R script cleanses the input string by removing leading and trailing punctuation, converting all characters in lower case.
1529: This R script checks if the input parameters are within clinical bounds and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on these conditions; otherwise it
1530: Extract attribute from an object by specifying its path as string.  For example `getAttrItem("object", "
1531: This is an implementation of the restrictive version. It takes two arguments; one integer and another array . If it's
1532: Returns the corner coordinate of an element based on its position in viewport or not, returns ‘left’ and/or
1533: This R script writes the input string to an output .txt or csv files. ...}   # End of
1534: A mock response object.  This is used to simulate the behavior of an API call in unit tests or integration testing scenarios where
1535: Remove pinnings from dependency string, e..g "[v1]" or "== v0"  .   Dep
1536: This R script appends the given flags and parameters to an initial vector.  It is used as part of some larger system
1537: This R script sets the 'user' field in database.  It takes two arguments - an existing data base and user information
1538: Checks if the week has at least three unique days. If it does not have exactly two or more distinct consecutive numbers from
1539: Checks whether the list contains at least one null element or not . If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE and so on...
1540: This R script calculates the remainder of each element in three vectors after subtracting it from its nearest integer value using modulus
1541: Convert string to numerics, NA or NAs in the input vector and remove leading & trailing whitespaces  . Input
1542: This R script defines an RGB color space that takes in integer values between [0 -> 6] and returns them scaled down
1543: Create an ARN string from the given policy. This is useful when you want to create IAM policies in AWS
1544: This R script defines an anonymous or named "is_prime" that checks whether the input number x, which must be greater
1545: This R script creates an object named 'rescaled' that scales the input data x between two given ranges. The scaling
1546: This R script is used to remove the '/' character from names.  It takes in an input string of 'Name'.
1547: Remove the specified string from start of text.  If it is equal to provided one then returns an empty character vector .
1548: Calculates the sum of frequencies.  Input is two vectors freq and delta which are used to calculate frequency sums . The
1549: Normalises the input string by removing extra spaces. This is done using gSub to replace all sequences of one or
1550: This is an implementation of the "Start Of Chunks" algorithm. It checks whether or not to begin new chuncks
1551: This R script removes duplicated elements from the inputted data. It uses an auxiliary variable to store previously seen values and only
1552: This R script calculates the smallest positive integer that is not divisible by 'input' number. It uses Euclid
1553: Create section with title and optional parameters - 'Content' & '-Version'- –and— Date'.   .    The
1554: checks whether the input symbol has been defined as parameter in R . Parameters are typically used to store values that can change during
1555: A simple wrapper around the git URLs to convert them into https ones when necessary, and vice versa – useful in
1556: A simple R script to convert Quantities into numerics  .   Code is designed as an example of how one might create
1557: Calculates the total electricity production from power utilites.   .    Inputs : A vector of numbers representing different types or
1558: This R script converts the input string into an acceptable format by replacing dashes and dots with underscores, which is
1559: Function to calculate the solution of linear equation ax + by = e.  The result is returned as 'x'.  ```
1560: A helper that chains functions together using the .chain method in R  Code snippet to demonstrate how it works with some
1561: Convert degrees to HMS format in R . This is done by first converting the degree into hour and minute parts then convert remaining
1562: Convert an array of numbers to duration in seconds. The input is the number representation as integer or decimal, and it returns its
1563: Convert RGB to hexadecimal color codes  Code takes three numerics between [1..3] and converts them
1564: checks whether the input variable var represents symbolic data or not  .  ```">}}'</code><br /
1565: Calculates the cost of labor based on potential yields in hours per week, with an assumed weekly productivity rate at which to base
1566: This R script calculates the difference between two points in HRM format.  It takes as input an integer vector of times
1567: Function to retrieve the inputs required by Case ID.  Returns an object with information about input parameters needed in order execute validation solution
1568: Generates subject line based on the provided Software Release and Operating System version. This is used to create email subjects
1569: Convert the given number of bits per second to its equivalent in human readable format. For example, convert from bytes/sec
1570: A simple R script to decode the Wubbed Song lyrics.  It takes in an input string of "wubs
1571: This R script calculates the area of rectangle with given dimensions.  The formula used is derived from geometry and it's
1572: A simple R script to generate the first 'N' numbers in Fibo sequence. The input is checked and validated
1573: Create an HTML tag representing the heading cell in html tables. ...   ## Code ends here .    Rcpp
1574: Function to check if the record is from FS Hq and has same md  .  ```.   ``` `
1575: A simple R script to calculate the bar's height based on percentage value and returns it as output .   [END]
1576: This R script calculates the minimum proportion of observations that can be expected to have nonzero effect if there is no true association
1577: This R script checks the end of an object in source file. It returns either 'oldstyle' or '' depending on whether
1578: Function to check whether column exists or not. 1st argument is the dataframe and second one are all possible columns'
1579: This R script removes duplicated from the input list.  It uses built in functions to find and return only distinct elements of
1580: This R script reverses the colors of an image. It takes as input one grayscale or RGB color channeled pixel
1581: A simple R script to calculate the arithmetic mean of two numbers .    [END] Code snippet only one line
1582: This R script adds the word 'Spiffy' to all ingredient names in an input list of strings. If any string
1583: Safely convert value to character, returning 'none' when null is passed in  .  ```R ``` R programming
1584: Function to check whether two vectors are identical.  If they're not equal it returns an indicator of one minus the other
1585: Count the number of times when we have to choose an element from array 'a' and then add it into our result.
1586: Create an indexing tag.  The input is the base name of something that needs to be tagged with "Index". This
1587: Create line between two points.  Inputs are the coordinates of one point and another; outputs is string representation representing that segment
1588: This is an R script that performs the addition of two lists.  It takes in as input one vector and another; it
1589: A simple R script to generate sequence of values from an initial value 'A' upto zero with given number "N"
1590: A simple R script to calculate the Beltrami number of an integer inputted by user  . This program calculates
1591: This R script removes the cells with non numeric values from an input matrix.  It takes as its argument one vector of
1592: Function to check if the given string starts with '#' character. This checks whether or not there are any comments in
1593: Function to check whether all values of an object or list is empty.  Returns TRUE when there's at least one non
1594: Create an integer vector with values of either one or zero. If the input is "one"/'s string representation'. The
1595: This R script checks if the input numbers are Pythaogorus triplets.  It does so by squaring each number
1596: A simple R script to get the last jump step.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that provide information about steps
1597: A simple R script to convert all data types into integer or character depending on the input object' s datatype  .
1598: Convert KDD format into GNAME.  This is used in the creation of new namespaces and identifiers, e..
1599: Returns the extension of data file based on its type.  Source can be either gamr or zplo . Returned
1600: checks whether the given song uri exists within an array of songs.  If it does exist then returns TRUE else FALSE . This
1601: This R script calculates the number of sides in polygon. The formula is derived from geometry and it'll return an integer
1602: Create and manage the creation of Rich Menu.  This includes creating new menus with specific sizes or adding them to existing ones
1603: This R script filters the available resource types and returns their respective attribute names.  It is used to get an overview of what
1604: Calculates the Intersecting Area Ratio between two bound boxes. The ratio of intersected areas to total possible ones is
1605: This R script calculates the probability of being in freezing or boiling state based on temperature difference between ice and liquid crystal
1606: This script takes as input an object of type dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but values are inverted. The
1607: This R script generates the equivalent of Python's `sigStrength` from an input probability value p to give us its
1608: This R script checks whether the input string contains either http or https protocol, and also www prefixes are present in it to
1609: A simple one line R script to generate an Autofill query.  It takes in two parameters - the search string and
1610: This R package provides an interface between the Terminal app and other applications. It allows you send commands directly from your scripts or functions
1611: This R script checks the status of Elasticsearch's indexing operation by verifying that at least one primary node in
1612: Function to return an empty EKS nodepool.  . Parameters : Name of the Nodgroup    Returns -
1613: Convert the given name and result into string format.  Example usage : 'John Doe - [10]' .
1614: This R script removes the specified ions from molecules represented as their corresponding smiles strings. The input is expected to be in
1615: Function to convert string of integers into integer list or returns the provided value when input is null/empty . The split by comma
1616: Checks whether all tuples within 'matchList' are valid matches with respect to an ID TUPLE .
1617: This R script calculates the beta parameter of an exponential distribution.  The formula is rho*sigma^3/Gamma
1618: This is the initial count of nodes in an optimal prefix based on message and digit counts. It's used to calculate how
1619: Extracts the value of an object'd attribute using dot notation as input and returns it .  If any part is
1620: This is the polynomial regression model.  It takes in four coefficients and returns an object of class "poly". The input data
1621: This R script calculates the variance of signal power in dB.  It takes two arguments - Sigma Nu and e
1622: Calculates the current in electrons per unit volume.  Inputs are magnetic field mu and particle' s densitiy at
1623: Convert YubiKey Status Codes to readable strings.  Code is based on the official documentation of ykclient
1624: This R script formats the given input as an image caption.  It takes in three parameters - 'character' name and
1625: This is the definition of an R script that defines different ranges based on mode. It uses 'switch' to handle multiple cases
1626: A simple R script that converts all lowercase letters in the input string to upper case.  Example usage -> "
1627: This R script checks whether the input page number corresponds to last one.  It returns TRUE when it's true, FALSE
1628: Function to generate the URL of an experiment in EBI's Genome Browser XML API using its access number as input
1629: This R script creates an ordered version of the input list.  It uses 'unique' to remove duplicates and then sorts
1630: Compute the Intersecting Area Ratio between two boxes in an image segmentation task using IOU as measure of overlap and
1631: This R script calculates the air mass of an object given its surface density Sd .  The formula used is derived from
1632: Convert 'Employee' column to numerics in the given dataset  Code is used on an existing R script that conver
1633: This R script calculates the number of months passed since January to date provided by user input .   Code is used in other
1634: This R script converts all character elements of the input vector to HTML line breaks. It uses regular expressions and string replacement functions
1635: A simple R script to calculate the sum of all numbers upto n.  It uses seq() and then sums them
1636: Remove characters from the input strings.  The output is obtained by removing all occurrences of any character in 'characters
1637: This R script formats the input string by removing double quotes.  It is used to clean up queries before they are passed into
1638: Converts MISRA dictionary to text.  The input is the dictonary of all possible types and categories found
1639: This is an example of the use case where we are passing parameters to our functions. The first parameter registers holds all register
1640: This R script checks if the input is an integer or not. If it's greater than 16^3,
1641: This is an implementation of the "clamps" or limits values within specified range.  It takes three arguments - two defining
1642: This R script checks whether the person's name contains "and" or not. If it does contain an '&',
1643: This R script removes duplicates from the input list.  It uses unique() to find and eliminate duplicate values in myList
1644: Check if the expected and real line numbers match. If they do not Match then return FALSE otherwise TRUE .  1st Function
1645: This script checks whether the input string contains "bee" or not. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is
1646: Convert the specified column to seconds from hours in dataframe rows . This is useful when you want your time values are stored and
1647: checks if the object t represents an instance of namedTuples.  This includes checking that it's not just another
1648: Convert millisecond to minutes and seconds format in R language using the given input of total time duration . This is an example
1649: Function to convert time slot in seconds into the nearest multiple of given interval  . Inputs are Time Series and Slots Inter
1650: A simple R script to perform arithmetic operations.  Code takes three inputs and returns the result of multiplying them by two
1651: A simple wrapper around R's `config` package to handle configuration of macros.  It allows you specify dependencies and
1652: Converts string of comma separated integer ranges into numerics and sorts unique values within the range set . The input is expected
1653: This R script calculates the output of an algorithm based on input parameters and returns it as one value using linear interpolation between
1654: This R script defines the Weber's Hazards Rate model. The user can input alpha and betas to calculate haz
1655: A simple R script to calculate the sum of all elements. If array is empty, it returns same input as output else calcul
1656: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The first two numbers are preloaded as 'zero'
1657: This R script returns the index of given string in an array. If it exceeds size then wraps around to start from beginning
1658: Convert an ieee764 number string into numerics in R .  This is useful when dealing with data that
1659: This R script generates an object with user agent strings that are present as keys and their corresponding host id' s values from the
1660: This is an implementation of the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula used here to calculate it
1661: This R script calculates the total of all digts in an input number, ignoring negative sign if present  . Input
1662: This R script makes all the first letters of each name capitalized.  It does so by iterating over an input vector
1663: This R script changes all spaces in the input string to hyphens. This is useful when you want your text data
1664: Function to calculate the new position after moving in 3D space. This is done by adding x and y coordinates of movement
1665: A recursive implementation of the Tarjan's algorithm to find strongly connected components in an undirected graph. The input
1666: Flatens the list of lists.  This is useful when you want to convert nested vectors into one vector that can be used
1667: checks if the given URL corresponds to an article in works section of website  . The first part verifies that it's
1668: A simple R script to check whether an input number n ∈ Z+ ,is prime or not. The output will
1669: This is an R script that gets the type of column from dataframe.  It returns sorting method used in each variable
1670: Flat the given two dimensional matrix into one dimension. Example with an input of [[[[ ]]]]. Output is [[]][
1671: Function to convert string numbers into numerics, but only when they are positive integers or zeroes; otherwise it returns the input
1672: A simple R script to check and handle empty values. This is useful when you want your data analysis scripts or functions
1673: A simple conditional statement. If test is true returns the result of 'ife', otherwise it will check other condition and then decide
1674: This R script parses latitude and longitudes from string input values of the form "lat lon". It takes into account
1675: Convert string to boolean value, case insensitive – yes/ true / t , y or no -> TRUE; false
1676: This R script calculates the number of datasets to be used in testing based on input parameters and constraints such as maximum allowed size
1677: This R script maps the input string to its corresponding address in memory  . The mapping is done based on whether it’s
1678: This R script cleans the SMILES filename. It replaces all "/" with underscore in given string .  Input
1679: This R script takes as input text and returns the same output with each line of that string being 4 spaces more than its
1680: A simple R script that prints out the sum of two numbers. Code is used to format output in markdown style, and
1681: This R script removes backslash characters from the string.  It does so by replacing all occurrences of "\" with
1682: Function to convert coordinates into text format.  Example usage : print(.getCoordText(-10,-3)) #
1683: Create an R script that takes in two strings as input and returns the concatenation of them.  The output is wrapped with
1684: This R script generates the URL of an arbitrary file within one or more packages.  It takes two arguments - url and path
1685: Compare two strings by their lengths. If they are equal in size then it compares them lexicographically and returns the
1686: This R script retrieves the samples from an input dictionary.  It returns all metrics associated with each sample in that particular dataset
1687: This R script creates an abbreviated version of the operating system and architecture.  It takes two arguments - 'OS' which
1688: This R script is used to extract the user ID from JWT token string using regular expressions .  The input should be
1689: This R script creates an interactive sliders that allow the user selects year ranges.  The selected values are then displayed in
1690: This R script handles the port probe actions and returns an IP address of target machine to be used in further operations .
1691: A simple R script to convert numbers into rounded strings with one decimal place  .    Example usage : print("Size is ",
1692: A simple R script to convert numbers into string format with commas as thousands separators and without the use of exponential notation
1693: This R script creates an object that removes certain keys from the dictionary. The target to be removed is passed as argument and it
1694: This is the health checker. It returns "unhealty" when input value of 'x' equals 4
1695: A simple R script to calculate the cube of an input number.  The result is returned as output .   Inputs
1696: This R script creates an additional 'Other' category in the given list of labels. If any other existing or new unique tag
1697: This R script converts an integer to its corresponding letter in the alphabet using base 64 encoding method, which is
1698: This R script checks whether the input string is valid or not. It requires at least 1 uppercase letter, lower case
1699: Create an HTML tag with the color blue.  Purple is used to highlight some part of your document or page, typically
1700: A simple R script to extract the weight from column dataframe  .   [1] "getWeight" - Extract
1701: A simple R script to display the id of any moleculetype object. This is useful when you want your
1702: A simple R script to clean HTML tags from string.  It uses regular expressions in order not only find but also removes all
1703: This is the comparison of two values. It returns -  If first argument less than second one it will be returned as (-
1704: Remove all leading and trailing whitespaces from the input string. Also, remove multiple consecutive space characters to one single character in
1705: This R script defines an adjusted detector length calculation based on the input parameters of 'adjustDetectorsLength' and returns
1706: This R script checks whether the input level number falls within certain ranges and returns ‘TRUE’ or 'FALSE' accordingly based
1707: This R script defines the 'strip whitespaces' functionality. It takes in an input and returns it after removing leading/tra
1708: Create or modify the HUE color model in R using numerics only . The input to be passed as an argument will range
1709: This is an R script that filters the keys of dictionary based on provided keyword list  . The output will be filtered key set
1710: This is the cubic time scaling transformation used in signal processing and image analysis to convert an input value into its scaled version suitable when
1711: Convert string input into logical or numerically equivalent value based on its content and type of the argument passed in . If not possible
1712: This R script calculates the calculated margins. The input is in km and returns it as percentage of total length or width
1713: Calculates the binomial coefficient. If n is less than K or negative number then returns NA as it's not
1714: Checks whether the given dictionary is empty or not and returns true/false accordingly based on its content .  If it contains
1715: A simple implementation of the SZUDziK pairwise comparison algorithm.  The input is two vectors 'x' and
1716: Convert input string into anchor id format.  This is done by replacing multiple whitespace chars, converting all letters lowercase
1717: Convert the given 'Quality' value to dB. This is done by dividing it with two and subtracting one hundred
1718: This R script calculates the mean movie score. It takes as input an object of class 'dataframe' with columns "
1719: Function to extract the domain part of an email address string  . Parameters : Email ID in character format , Returns Domain
1720: Calculates the arithmetic mean of numeric vector. If input is empty or contains only one element then returns NA . Otherwise
1721: This R script is used to find the edges that are connected in two or more vertices of an object called 'vertices'.
1722: A recursive implementation of the "fibonacci" sequence. The first few numbers are as follows, where N
1723: This is the cleaning of data.  It replaces any instances in string "thing" with something else and removes all occur
1724: This R script adds the number to start of each element within an input vector or data frame .  It is used when you
1725: A simple implementation of the "clamps" value between two given values.  If 'val' is less than min then
1726: Function to check whether the input number is always non decreasing or not .  It checks each individual digits of an integer from
1727: This R script returns the fold count of an input number.  It rounds down to nearest integer and appends -Fold
1728: This R script adds all the data from tap stream id to an existing database.  It takes in one argument which is supposed
1729: This R script is used to generate the base version of KAN. It takes two parameters - miniKAn and
1730: This R script calculates the intersection of two lines.  The input is four points that define each segmented by their end
1731: A simple R script that defines and uses the 'greet' functions to print out different messages based on whether or not an
1732: This R script calculates the geometric mean of three numbers using Heron's formula  . The input to it is two
1733: Returns the result of folding two numbers. The first number is subtracted from second to get folded value and then multiplied
1734: This R script retrieves the credentials from an incoming HTTP request.  The input is expected to be in JSON format and should
1735: This is the second part of an exercise to calculate and sum up all odd numbers from one number downwards. The input parameter
1736: This R script calculates the distance between two vectors. It takes as input both vector of numbers and returns one number which is
1737: A simple recursive summation of the reciprocal sequence from negative to positive infinity upto n terms with some checks on
1738: This R script defines an assignment year based on the month and calendar cycling of time period . The output is assigned to variable
1739: This R script filters the log data based on user defined criteria.  It can be used to narrow down your analysis by filtering
1740: Compute the higher topological dimension of two objects.  Inputs are any type that can be compared with each other and has
1741: Calculates the difference between two objects' first commit dates.  This is used to sort data frames in ascending order of
1742: A recursive implementation of the mathematical operation to calculate powers. The base case is when `power` equals one and returns input
1743: This R script calculates the value of Alpha over K and its variance. It takes as input two values representing kappa
1744: This R script checks whether the input is numeric and contains decimal points or not, returning TRUE when it does contain one;
1745: This R script checks if the URL is local or not.  It uses regular expression to check whether it starts with "http
1746: This is the R script to convert meters into miles . It takes in one argument and returns its equivalent value converted from meter unit
1747: Convert magnetic field intensity to flux density in the Earth's atmosphere using Mars’ rotation period and average solar day length as reference
1748: Function to extract the current weather icon from an API response.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that fetch and process
1749: Compute the downcoming area fraction based on land use and vegetation cover  .   Inputs : Fraction of L
1750: A simple R script to check if the given atom name corresponds with water.  It checks whether or not an input string matches
1751: Function to check whether the coordinates are within domain.  If not it returns false otherwise true .    [END]    ```
1752: Preprocessing the image data to be used in machine learning models, converting all pixel values from [−∞ , +�
1753: This R script adds one to the last digit of each number in an array. If it is less than nine, then just
1754: Creates an AWS Lambda Function to manage the Forum.  The lamda will be used as part of our application
1755: This R script creates an HTML view that is used to display the user's profile information when they are logged in and authorized
1756: This is the TDMA algorithm. It's used to solve linear systems of equations using time delay method in dynamic mode
1757: This R script converts URL representation to standard format.  It replaces double underscores with slashes and hyphens
1758: This is an R script that calculates the number of operations needed to compute with factors.  It takes two arguments - dimension
1759: This R script checks whether the input vector of numbers is within range []. It stops execution when it encounters an outlier
1760: This R script retrieves the object markers from an inputted dataframe.  It returns all unique marker names in that
1761: This is the ceiling division of two numbers. It returns an integer that represents how many times one number can be divided by another
1762: checks whether the input string represents punycode or not . PUNYCODEs are used to encode internationalized domain names
1763: This R script adds titles to the given list of posts.  It takes two arguments - 'children' which is expected as
1764: Determine the type of document based on its content – turbon/certs or mininl documents with call and
1765: This R script generates the full path of IDs that are not absolute paths and adds them to their respective domains .  It
1766: Convert input to UPPERCASE  Code snippet that converts the given string into an Uppercase version of
1767: This R script generates the prime factors of all numbers up to 'n' in one line using list comprehension and base r
1768: This R script calculates the geometric mean of two points in 3D space using their coordinates as input parameters and returns it
1769: Checks if two dictionary objects have the same nsid.  If not it returns false otherwise true .   [END]
1770: This R script creates or modifies the data frame by swapping its rows and columns, effectively reversing it's orientation
1771: This is the Mattyca Function which calculates and plots surface of Malthusian Growth Curve based on two
1772: A simple R script to subtraction of two tuples.  The first element in the second input is taken as difference
1773: A recursive implementation of the Fermat's Little Theorem. It calculates x^n = euler_totient
1774: A stubbed out version of the 'handle status update' method.  It returns an empty string as it does not do
1775: Create an object to represent the COAP response codes. This will be used in conjunction with other functions that handle responses from servers
1776: This is an R script that checks whether the player has cooperated or not.  It takes in three parameters - 'player
1777: Convert the 3D coordinates of an object to its index in one dimensional array. This is done by multiplying x coordinate
1778: Convert C to F.  Code is written in R language and takes one argument, the temperature value that needs converting from Cel
1779: This R script creates an object that maps the ids of different resources to their respective objects.  The purpose is so we
1780: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities.  It uses the built in functions of baseR package and
1781: This R script processes the range of numbers from 1 to max number provided by user and returns it as output . The default
1782: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers that are divisible by either three or five. The input is an integer
1783: A simple validation check.  Returns TRUE if the input is not NULL and has at least one element, otherwise FALSE .
1784: This is the intersection of two lines in  Cartesian coordinates. It calculates and returns an array with both intersecting points
1785: This R script formats the json object to display only first 3 sentences. The output is in string form with each sentence separated
1786: This is the mapping from generation to table.  It maps each number in between one and six into its corresponding string representation,
1787: Convert frequency label to human readble format.  For example, convert '30m' into the string representation of time
1788: This is the prediction model. It takes in two parameters and returns an output based on them .  The input to it are
1789: checks if the input string starts with "\\" or "#".  If it does, then returns TRUE. Otherwise FALSE .
1790: A simple ROUND DOWN operation.  This is used to ensure that the number passed in rounds down when divided by
1791: A simple R script to create an object of type 'list' with the specified parameters.  The key is "queue size
1792: This R script checks whether the current position is within any of given tokens. If it's not then returns FALSE otherwise TRUE
1793: A simple R script to check the CEPs and generate an error message if any of them are not met by using 'https
1794: This R script builds the quarter string.  It takes two parameters - 'Operating Year' and "Quarter". The
1795: Calculates the cost of driving given rate per km and total kilometers.   .    Example usage : calc_cost
1796: Determine the native name of an assembly. This is used to generate .NET assemblies and load them into memory
1797: Function to determine whether the input string is enclosed by braces or not . If it's an empty parameter returns FALSE
1798: checks if the input value can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly . This version of R has
1799: Convert bounding box coordinates from the format of [xmin ,ymin . xtop right ] to one line.
1800: This R script checks the file type of an indexed genome database (.bed/.bw files). It returns either '
1801: Function to check whether data is not empty and has at least one row in R programming language .   Code checks the input '
1802: This R script trims leading and trailing white spaces from the input text string, returning an empty character vector when no argument
1803: Function to generate the URL of PyPI JSON API endpoint  . Input is name or id and output will be url string that
1804: This R script cleans the destination path by adding or removing trailing slash.  It checks whether it ends with "/"
1805: This R script deletes the specified strings from file names.  It takes two arguments - one is an input string array and
1806: This R script converts DNA sequence to its corresponding reverse complement.  It uses the 'sub' and paste functions in combination
1807: This R script checks the file type of an inputted .txt or binary files. It returns TRUE when it's recognized
1808: This R script checks whether two bounding boxes overlap.  It takes four arguments each representing the minimum and maximum longitude/
1809: This R script calculates the minimum and maximum of each range in an input list.  The ranges are assumed to be vectors
1810: This R script creates an object that maps routes to directions and their corresponding timestamps.  It does so by iterating
1811: This R script checks if the current turn number of Santa'a game. It returns TRUE when it’is his/her
1812: This R script is used to recursively access nested dictionary keys and returns the value at that path .  It's useful
1813: This R script defines the `getPostMessage` method that takes in two parameters - an input string and another parameter which is
1814: This R script generates the first 'n' elements of an array by sliding them to its end. The input is two parameters
1815: checks if the given value fits within an unsigned integer of specified number or bit size. This can be used to check whether values
1816: This R script returns the first element of list when it is not empty, otherwise NULL.  It checks whether length greater than
1817: Parses the API container VM details.  Returns list of parsed data from api response .    Example usage :parseApi
1818: Function to get nested dictionary values.  Code is used as an alternative of using '$' operator with list and vectorized
1819: Convert the length of an integer to its blob size. This is used in converting data from one format into another, such
1820: Converts binary numbers into state space coordinates in R . The input is the number of bins and its corresponding limit values which
1821: A simple R script to calculate the modulus of two numbers.  It checks that both input are positive and nonzero integers
1822: This R script cleans the filename by replacing special characters with hyphens, which is useful when working on filenames in different
1823: This R script parses the input line into individual elements. It splits by spaces and removes any empty strings resulting from splitting
1824: Function to generate URL of jobs in the given configuration  Input parameters are Hub name , Group Name and Project ID . If all
1825: This is an R script that formats the subcommand list.  It takes as input one or more command names and returns them
1826: This R script checks whether the sum of two masses is less than or equal to 867. If it's
1827: This R script converts string of numbers separated by commans into an integer vector in one line using the 'gsub'
1828: Calculates the reciprocal of 4 times x rounded to nearest integer, where 'n' is an input number and
1829: Convert the given input into binary format based on provided conversion specification .   Inputs : A character vector and one of four strings
1830: A simple addition operation.  Code is written in R language and it adds two numbers together . This can be used to
1831: This is the implementation of base R's built in logarithm operation. It calculates how many times we can divide by
1832: Converts the given number from Binary to Decimals using bitwise operations . The input is assumed be positive integer
1833: This R script computes the ratio of two numerics and returns it or zero in case one is NaT . Parameters
1834: This is an adaptation of the ADEX model to calculate adaptive energy consumption.  It takes into account daily temperature changes and
1835: A recursive helper to extract values from config objects and convert them into samples of the same type as input data  Implementation
1836: A simple conversational AI model to respond in human like manner based on the input text  .   - Code : Conver
1837: Normalizes fields in the input dictionary or vector of field names by adding them to an existing one and returning it as output
1838: A set collection which contains unique elements only where each element belongs together with its successor by an operation on two operands . The
1839: Convert the given numerical grade to its equivalent string representation. 0 is considered as 'terribble', and any number greater
1840: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two 4D points. The input is four vectors of length three representing coordinates in space
1841: Convert tensorflow tensors to boolean. This is useful when you want your model's output probabilities as booleans instead
1842: Convert list of rewards to string.  This is used when the user wants an easy readable output from their data frame or
1843: This R script calculates the percentage of total covered by each individual in an organization. It takes two arguments - 'coveraged
1844: A simple recursive implementation of the "flat" operation on lists in R  Code to convert list into one dimension, i
1845: This R script is used to change the foreground color of an object in Adobe Illustrator.  It takes two arguments -
1846: This R script is used to generate the full ARP URI of an Azure VM in terms that can be consumed by other services
1847: Flatts the nested configuration structure into one level. This is useful when you want to work with different configurations of an experiment or
1848: A simple R script to convert time in secs into hhmmss format. 1 second = > ∞ .
1849: A recursive implementation of the multiplication operation. It multiplies two numbers using addition and repeated subtraction until it reaches one number
1850: List all files in the specified directory.  Returns an object with file names and paths as properties .} -> "List
1851: checks if the required file name exists in config object .    [ ]     Code : check whether one or more of these files
1852: This R script generates the Fluorescence Lattices Cell Card. It takes as input parameters 'assembly universe',
1853: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion from one degree celisus scale, which is
1854: checks whether the string has balanced parentheses. Code counts opening and closing brackets as valid pairs of each other . If
1855: This R script calculates the nearest multiple of an integer to be aligned on bits. It takes two parameters; one is '
1856: A simple implementation of the smoothed step transition.  It's used to interpolation between two values smoothly over time
1857: This R script generates the base name of an application.  It takes as input its full path and returns just what is left
1858: Convert character vector of player' surnames to platform format.  If input is not string or contains non alphab
1859: A simple R script to check whether an inputted integer value 'is' or isn’t.prime . The output will
1860: A simple R script that returns the input if it is not NULL or NA. Otherwise return an empty string "" . The purpose
1861: This R script implements the training algorithm. It checks whether there is any difference between two sets of labels and returns TRUE when it
1862: checks whether an inputted value falls within the specified range.  If it does not fall in any of these ranges then returns
1863: Convert deeply embedded lists to dotted notation  Code is used as part of the process where we need convert deep nesting into dot
1864: This is the implementation of scaling an object.  It takes three parameters g and scales each element in grouped list by given
1865: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers.  Code is used to calculate and return an error in terms of percentage or as
1866: A simple R script to convert UTM zones and hemi spheres into their corresponding EPSG codes.  This is useful
1867: This R script generates user data.  The number of users to be generated is passed as an argument in the count parameter and
1868: This R script calculates the number of missing values in an array. It first finds out minimum and maximum numbers from inputted
1869: Calculates the Intersecting Area Ratio between two boxes.  The ratio of area that is intersected to total possible
1870: A comparison operator that returns +/-/+ depending on the values of two input arguments. If they are equal it will output
1871: This R script calculates the standard deviation of an input vector x .  It first computes and returns its value as per
1872: This R script calculates the bias corrected estimate of an unknown parameter.  The formula is derived from Chai and others'
1873: Create an OPML attribute object with name and optional Value  Code snippet to create attributes in .opm file format
1874: This R script replaces bad characters with safe ones, replacing them from the list of known dangerous or unsafe chracters
1875: Function to check whether an API should be disabled based on its name in the configuration file  Inputs : Api Name and
1876: Convert dictionary to form string.  Input is an object of type "list" or data frame and output will be in the
1877: Adds two signals together elementwise and returns the result as new signal .  The first argument is an input vector of one
1878: This R script adds colors to the RGB values of an object based on its color components and checks whether it's white or
1879: Function to extract the check name from geoJSON object.  Returns string of checks' names .   Inputs : A
1880: Convert number to human readable format.  Input is in bytes, output will be formatted as Kb or MegaBytes
1881: This is the definition of an object that calculates smoothed Born's inequality probability density  . The input x
1882: This R script computes the middle point of two points in space using Euclidean distance formula .   [END SUMMARY].
1883: This R script generates the file name based on input parameters.  It replaces "*" with user's chosen parameter in
1884: Replace multiple instances of substrings within the string.  Code replaces all occurrences found inside 'toBeReplaced
1885: A simple R script to calculate the area of square.  Input is side length l and output will be Area = Side^
1886: checks if the string contains only alphabetical characters.  It does so by splitting into individual character vectors and checking each
1887: A binary search algorithm to find the cbrt of an input number. The time complexity is OlogN, where N
1888: This R script defines the 'cut arguments' or "crop" of an URL. It removes any query parameters from given
1889: This is the implementation of shape estimation using Bayesian analysis on binary data  . This functions takes in an input parameter '
1890: Convert data types of input to vector or other vectors and lists based on the type/class – recursively apply .ser
1891: This R script calculates the weighted distance between two vectors. The weighting is done by dividing each element of vector with
1892: A recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence.  The base cases are defined as n=[{return
1893: This R script counts the number of times that two strings match each other.  It returns TRUE if and only when both string
1894: A recursive solution to the problem of house rober.  The task is similar but with an added constraint that houses cannot
1895: This R script builds the full file system paths to data stores.  It takes two arguments - 'data store name' and
1896: This R script splits the name of an Azure Blobs layer into its constituent parts.  It takes as input two
1897: This R script converts offer types into numeric values. The conversion is done based on the input string and returns an integer
1898: This R script finds all characters that are inside of the '!' and >' symbols. It skips over these when they
1899: Normalize the given string by converting it into lowercase and removing underscores.  Returns normalized version of inputted data
1900: This is an R script that checks whether the day of week from input x corresponds to weekend or not. It returns either '
1901: This R script checks whether two lists are disjunct.  It does so by iterating over the first list and checking
1902: checks if the brightness of two stars are close enough to be considered as "nearly bright" or not  . The threshold
1903: checks whether 'configurations are required'.  This is used to decide which files need configuration before they can be built or
1904: This is the main body of your R script. It will be used to generate case bodies based on given ids .
1905: Compute deviations in angles between two colors. If an abnormal deviation is detected it increases the corresponding angle by one t
1906: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits values within specified range.  It checks whether value is less than minimum
1907: This R script is used to generate the name of an attribute in numerics.  It takes as input one parameter which represents
1908: This R script defines an object called "chooseColorByLayerType" that takes in one argument, the layer type. It
1909: This script defines two functions to calculate and visualize the learning rates of an optimization algorithm using polynomial decay as its form factor in
1910: Converts pH to molar gases concentration in mg per liter  . The conversion factors are based on the average
1911: Convert string to numerics in range format  Code is used by the user inputting strings of numbers separated with commmas and
1912: This R script cleans the document ids in an input string.  It replaces all '/' characters with ':' .
1913: This R script converts the given probabilities to odds.  It's useful when you want your data in terms of logarith
1914: This R script takes as input the content of song lyric and returns how many unique word are in it.  It uses
1915: Generates an IPv6 address.  The input is the IPV7 string representation of ipaddress and returns its equivalent in
1916: Convert NMEA coordinates to degrees, minutes and seconds format  Code is used in converting GPS coords from decimal degree notation
1917: A simple R script to calculate the cubic of an input number. This is useful when you want your data in one
1918: This is used to set cache option in the build system.  It takes three arguments - 'Name' of variable which will
1919: This R script returns the number of nodes in an input dictionary.  It is used to extract information from profile dictionaries that
1920: This R script defines the 'victory count' of players in two teams. It takes four arguments - Points Sc
1921: Create dictionary from command line arguments  Code snippet to create and manage an argument's key/value pairs as per
1922: Function to Round Float List elements . The input is list of float numbers and the output will be rounded off integer values in
1923: Convert locale string into RFC 3081 alpha format. For example, convert 'en' or enUS -
1924: A simple implementation of the Fibo sequence using recursion and iteration methods . The first method uses matrix exponentiation to calculate
1925: Convert BOTO instance to dictionary. This is used in AWS SDKs and other tools that require instances of DBInst
1926: Create the string representation of month/day. If year is less than ten digits then add leading zeros to it and
1927: This R script converts all the numbers in an array to their nearest integer value, but only when they are exactly halfway
1928: This R script saves the user’ questions and gives feedback on whether they have successfully stored them in database – true indicates successful
1929: Convert duration in seconds to hours and round it up if necessary . e g., input of '48' will output as
1930: Convert numeric string to integer. This is useful when you want the input data type of your R script or package
1931: This R script generates the JSON file name from CSV input filename  .   Example usage : csv_file="
1932: This script fixes the model's encoder q states to match with moco v1 training process by removing prefix "prefix"
1933: This R script parses the geneseeker profile and returns an array of identified gene symbols.  The input is expected to
1934: This R script filters the given dataset based on provided character and victim name lists to create new filtered datasets with only those records that
1935: This R script converts the input list to an integer type data structure  .    Inputs : A vector of numeric
1936: Convert an IP address to long integer format using the standard method of converting it into binary form and then extracting individual components from
1937: This R script calculates the Net Promoter Score based on scores. It takes as input an integer vector of ratings and
1938: This R script checks whether the input is of type 'character' or not, and returns it as an object in case that
1939: This R script is used to extract the quoted texts from an input string. It splits by whitespace and checks each line
1940: This is the implementation of Linear Variograms.  It takes two arguments - model parameters and data points to calculate vari
1941: A simple one line R script that creates and applies the functions to some vectors of numbers in an attempt at understanding how it works
1942: This R script generates combinations of two lists. It takes as input the elements from both list and creates pairs by concatenating them
1943: checks whether the input string is SQL like. It's true when it starts with 'SELECT', or an optional prefix of
1944: Translate the coordinates of x and/or its position by given amounts.  This is used to move objects in space or
1945: This is the R script to generate OCIDS.  It takes two arguments - prefix and Tender ID which are used as
1946: Generates report based on bootstrap listings and their amenities . 1/3rd of the total time spent here is dedicated
1947: This is an implementation of the "flat" operation on arrays. It takes as input one array and returns another, with all
1948: Function to extract player name from data frame.  Data input is assumed as .csv file with columns 'id', and the
1949: This R script creates an empty list to store the column names. It then loops through each of these first level keys within input
1950: Function to calculate the smallest power of two greater than or equal input. This is used in computing statistics and other data analysis tasks
1951: This R script defines the 'get align from h just' functionality, which determines whether to center or right justify text in an
1952: This R script generates an array of messages based on the input data structure containing numeric and/or character values with missing entries
1953: checks if the offset of character in utf8 string.  // TODO add more details here...   .    ## [
1954: checks if the string contains any numbers. If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .  	R Code : check whether
1955: A simple combination of two or more expressions. The first argument is the operation to be performed on these elements and subsequent arguments are
1956: This is an R script that calculates the symmetric positive threshold value based on given negative thresholds in order to calculate sensitivity
1957: Function to check whether one given subString is present in another.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .   "    Example usage
1958: This R script defines the 'quarters' of each year. It takes as input an integer representing any given number between January and
1959: Functions to calculate Eta and Sigmas. The functions are used in the calculation of Gamma based on given parameters
1960: Count the number of occurrences within an array.   Code snippet used to solve problem at hand .    Input
1961: A simple R script to calculate the Area of rectangle.  Inputs are length and width . This is an example usage
1962: This is the R script to calculate an energy density from pressure and temperature data . The formula used here uses cubic units of time
1963: This R script calculates the intersection point of two segments.  The input parameters are start and end points along with time parameter
1964: Create response card with given parameters and attach it to the user's message or event data . The cards can contain upto
1965: This is the implementation of an R script that takes as input one list and returns its longest sublists.  If there are
1966: This R script converts the coordinates of an object's boudning box into pixel values.  It takes as input
1967: Function to convert scientific notation.  Input is the number and significant figures desired in output .   Output will be rounded off with
1968: checks if the string "access denied" or one of its variations appears in an HTML response. If it does, returns TRUE
1969: This is the main entry point of our application. It takes two parameters - root name and index number which are used to generate
1970: This R script is used to extract the number of columns in each line from an input file and store it into another output text
1971: This R script returns the date format based on user input.  It takes in an argument 'data' and checks if it
1972: A simple R script that calculates the total of all odd numbers between two given integers. If 'stop' is called with
1973: A recursive implementation of the digit sums. It takes an input number and returns its digist's total, starting from
1974: Create an object of class 'ideas' with the given string as its text. This is used to store ideas
1975: This R script generates the frequency of each unique movie's primary or main category within an array/vector inputted by user
1976: checks whether the current node matches with any of its children nodes.  If it does match then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE .
1977: This R script defines the source display setting of an interval based on various conditions and parameters provided by user input in GUI interface .
1978: This R script is used to ensure that the input string 'KEY' adheres strictly as per its requirements. It converts
1979: Validates the format of Cisco' s Community Platform Enumeration Protocol.  Returns NULL or error message on invalid
1980: This R script is used as an extraction tool that takes the raw email message and returns only relevant information.  It can be
1981: This R script creates an output list that contains the elements of 'other' vector which are not present within given input. The
1982: This R script converts an input string into the correct form of JIRA Issue Key.  It takes care to
1983: This R script calculates the total of all digts in an inputted integer. For example, if you pass it '
1984: Remove the right side of an assignment statement in R .  Code to be used with str split and list comprehension combined into
1985: checks if the input string matches any of “zero”, one or two digit numbers. If it does then returns TRUE
1986: checks if the response object has valid, non disposible and role addresses.  This helps in identifying whether an email address belongs
1987: This R script is used to clean and prepare the data before sending it on an anonymous subscribed form.  It takes as
1988: Function to convert class names from snake case format into camelCase.  For example "get__this" would be
1989: This R script removes the .VL or json extension from file names – useful when working with Voyager data files
1990: Functions to extract specific attributes from an LDAP entry object, such as uid and mail address .  These functions
1991: Function to compute the price after applying discounts and taxes.  Inputs are base cost of product ,tax rate &discount
1992: A simple R implementation of the sqrt() method. If x< 1, it returns NA and warns about input
1993: This R script trims the leading underscore from each element of an input list. It does so by replacing all occurre
1994: This R script defines the 'parseCrops' method that takes in an input string of crops and returns their coordinates on screen
1995: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial LR by half at epochs greater than or equal to ~4.6%
1996: This R script generates the ranking of cells in an exercise. It takes as input two vectors - one representing correct submisisons
1997: This R script builds the device request topic. This is used to subscribe devices on behalf of clients in order not only
1998: checks if the input value 'f' falls within range defined by two values.  The first argument should be an integer or
1999: This R script copies the content of one textual .TXT files to another location in your computer's hard drive using
2000: This is the R script to calculate scaling factor. It takes two arguments - an array of four elements and returns their scaled version
2001: Convert the first letter of each word to upper case and convert all other letters in lower cases using R's builtin functions
2002: Initialize node states.  This is used to initialize the state of nodes before they are started up and after their initial configuration
2003: This is the action database lookup operation that returns an object with specific attributes of given id or error otherwise it will not find any
2004: Function to determine whether an object has been set as being checked or not.  Returns FALSE when the first element of its argument
2005: This R script checks if the task record name is either 'area' or '.geotiff'.  It returns TRUE when
2006: This R script formats the list of parameters as command line arguments.  It uses 'paste' to combine all elements in an
2007: A simple translation from English to Spanish using the provided dictionary.  If an exact match is not found in our language dictionaries
2008: This R script removes the specified VLAN from an LPAR.  The command is generated based on input parameters and executed
2009: Calculates the percentage change of an input value.  Inputs are percent increase or decrease and initial number to calculate from .
2010: Convert target data into dictionary format.  Input is the vector of objects with years and corresponding value vectors to be converted as keys
2011: Function to perform dequantization.  Inputs are the original quantized values and parameters of normalization/denormalizing process
2012: This is the R script to remove all occurrences of an argument in string values  . The input parameter 'cut'
2013: A simple implementation of the sigmod activation functions in R programming language using different bounds to clip values between two specified points .
2014: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial learnrate by factor of .9 when epochs are less than five and increases it
2015: Checks whether two numbers are approximately equal within an absolute or relative error of the specified value . The first parameter is expected to
2016: This R script checks if the input string is equal to length of given character set. It also ensures that every single letter in
2017: This R script sorts the spatial reference systems in ascending order. It checks whether each element of sr is an EPSG
2018: This R script checks whether the year increment of first step data is greater than or equal to that in second.  If it
2019: Convert degrees to decimal minutes and seconds. The input is the number of days since midnight in UTC timezone . Outputs are
2020: A simple R script to generate greeting messages.  Code takes in the user's input and returns it as output with
2021: Convert text to uppercase and add NLs.  This is used in the context of R programming language, where it
2022: Generates the required map of colors and styles based on an input dictionary with features ids as keys . If there is no
2023: This is an implementation of the linear extrapolation method. It takes four points and calculates their corresponding coordinates on each step
2024: Function to determine the type of field in an R data frame.  If it is named with ':', returns its category;
2025: Convert dictionary to string vector.  The input is expected as {'env': environment,'dataSetName', dataset , experiment}
2026: This R script calculates the maximum draw down of an array. It starts by initializing variables to zero and setting up loop
2027: Create an SQL query to fetch all records of the specified type.  For example if you want audio categories then it will return
2028: This Stats by Data is an R package that provides functions to escape special characters in strings. It replaces tabs with spaces
2029: This R script creates an object named 'vanish' that takes three arguments. The first two are the dimensions of one side
2030: Calculates the upper or lower bound of an interval based on whether it's above ∞ (-Inf), below �
2031: A simple implementation of the "greater than" comparison operation. It takes an array or list and returns its maximum value as
2032: This R script converts special characters in the input string to their escaped versions.  It uses regular expressions and backslashes
2033: Converts degrees to radiants. This is an essential conversion factor between the two units of measurement in trigonometry and
2034: Function to calculate the maximum distance between two points in three dimensions. The input is expected as vectors of length one or more representing
2035: Function to extract the URL from an object of class js.  If it exists, returns url; otherwise tries architecture and then
2036: A simple R script to calculate the energy of three points in 4D space. The formula used is E = sqrt
2037: This R script drops features that are ventrilly signed.  It looks at the feature names and removes those which contain "_
2038: A module that provides basic arithmetic operations.  The functions are named as 'mod' and '.', respectively to distinguish them
2039: Clamps the input n to be within range [min_val..max_va] . If it is less than minimum
2040: This R script checks whether all inputs are NULL or not  .}`; ```    },{ "title": '
2041: This R script checks if the given numbers are valid. It takes two arguments - 'input' and an integer base to validate
2042: This is an R script that encodes the attribute of input data. It takes three arguments and returns encoded value based on those
2043: This R script checks if the version of an application is greater than another one by comparing their numerically encoded versions and removing any
2044: This is an implementation of the "round half" algorithm, which rounds to nearest even number in case if it's exactly
2045: This R script creates an abbreviation of "ABBA".  It takes two strings as input and returns the string that is
2046: This is the labeling of epochs or minubach training.  It returns either ' EPOCH' OR `
2047: Computes the similarity between two documents. The higher is returned value indicates more similarities in terms of content and structure to each
2048: This R script checks whether the input number is an integer or not, and then determines it's square root to see its
2049: This R script validates the SNAP Channel name and returns TRUE if it is one of 'Stable', ‘C
2050: This R script generates the responses from servers by removing unnecessary characters such as carriage returns and commas in case they are present at
2051: Convert the input number to thousands, if it is greater than or equal .9 then round up otherwise down; else convert into
2052: This R script calculates the percentage of one number from another  Code Inputs and Output : The result is an integer value
2053: Flat the list of lists.  This is equivalent to unnesting in R, but without using any nested functions or loops
2054: A simple R script to generate the star index node names. This is useful when you want your nodes in an ig
2055: Checks if the ARN string contains slash.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly . This is useful in determining whether
2056: Convert an integer into its equivalent 16 bit binary representation in R . The input is expected not only the decimal but also
2057: A recursive implementation of the Josephson's permutation algorithm. The sequence starts with 'k'-th position and then
2058: Create response object.  This will be used to send back responses from the server .   Status and Message are required parameters that
2059: Loads the path parameters from config file.  Returns dictionary with all required directories and output files names as keys .    Par
2060: A simple R script to return the name of month given its number. The numbers are based on zero indexing, ie
2061: Function to generate the URL of TrueCar' used cars listings page based on given parameters – location and radius within which you
2062: Function to generate the filename of resources in different languages.  The language and type are used as prefix but not included within file
2063: This R script is used to retrieve the names of AWS Amplification's authentication and authorization cookie keys based on
2064: Get the full Rcpp version number from an object of class PackageData .  This is useful when you want to compare versions
2065: This R script defines the `supported` HTTP methods and checks whether an inputted request is valid or invalid based on its type
2066: Calculates the probability of winning in tennis. The higher score wins by default but can be changed to lose if needed .
2067: Generates seeds from parameters.  This is used to initialize the random number generator .   Params are passed as arguments and
2068: A simple R script to calculate the area of triangles using given 'bases' & heights as inputs  . This
2069: A simple R script to check whether the input string ends with specified character or not. If it does then removes that from end
2070: This R script splits the input sentence into individual elements.  The output is an unordered list of all unique nonempty
2071: This R script cleans the input data by converting it into lower case, removing underscores and hyphens. It also removes
2072: This R script replacements all curly brackets "{" with the symbol @{} and vice versa.  It
2073: This R script calculates the height of an element based on its width and aspect ratios.  The input parameters are 'Width
2074: A simple R script to generate the grades of students based on their highest score. The output is an array with each element representing
2075: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as n = 0 and/or
2076: This R script defines the functionality to estimate parameters of different types using maximum likelihood estimation.  The input is an argument that specifies
2077: This R script creates an output line based on the input parameters. The first five cards are drawn from one of two decks
2078: Convert the given Polygons object to dictionary format.  This is useful when you want your data in one place and can
2079: Convert kilobytes to megabyte format with comma separator and add 'k' suffix .    Example usage
2080: Convert string into alphabetic and numeric. Replace non alpha/numerics with underscore (_).
2081: Preprocesses the input string to make it suitable as an argument in R.  This is done by replacing HTML entities with
2082: This R script is used to generate the connection information needed by Kafka consumer in order            .to connect with kak
2083: This is the R script to check whether GPU sharing feature enabled or not in Kubernetes cluster configuration .  It returns FALSE
2084: This R script calculates the maximum number of jobs that can be processed by any given job queues. It does so through
2085: A simple R script to convert fractional numbers into strings. The input is two parameters - the number and its denomination
2086: This is an implementation of the normalization procedure used in image processing to scale and shift images between different scales or ranges based on their
2087: Create an object that represents the transformation from one coordinate reference system.  This is used in spatial data manipulation and analysis tasks
2088: A Django model to calculate the % of change in value.  Metric name is used as part prefix and suffix .
2089: This is the first step in creating an animation of changing values over time using linear interpolation between two points t and n .
2090: This is the inverse of raw to correction. It converts from corrected values back into uncorrected ones  . Input parameters
2091: A simple R script to return the long format of dates.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that handle different formats
2092: This R script is used to identify unique molecules from the input string. The output will be separated by semicolon (;).
2093: Convert list of tokenized sentences to SOVAtom objects. This is an example implementation that converts the input into one
2094: Convert the input value to an integer, if possible; otherwise return NA_real_.  Code is used in conjunction with other
2095: This R script calculates the frequency of semitones down by given 'amout' from current note. It takes two
2096: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns two times first derivative. It takes three arguments - weights vector
2097: checks whether the given number 'n' can be expressed as triagonal numbers. A triangle of n positive integers sums to that
2098: Computes the square distance between two points.  The result is less than or equal to one if they are closer together and
2099: A simple R script to create an array of numbers from 0 -> 9. The list is then peaked with the
2100: Function to calculate the square of an inputted length.  Inputs are in cm, outputs will be returned as centimet
2101: checks whether the document has an xml namespace declaration of http//www . jav aros sa  com / devices report in it
2102: This is the first line of an R script that defines and returns dataframe 'getDensityFunction' based on input file
2103: This is an R script that checks if the heat type provided matches with 'has resistance' or not.  It returns TRUE
2104: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two years.  It takes in input of one parameter 'years' and returns
2105: This R script calculates the maximum power consumption of an electronic device with given input resistance and output current values using transistors' voltage
2106: Function to convert an input number into the specified precision of HRF format – e..g., $3498
2107: This R script calculates the product of two lists. If both input vectors have equal lengths it returns their elementwise multiplication and
2108: A simple R script to check whether the input number 'is even' or not. This will be used in other scripts where
2109: This R script generates an empty logical array of the given size, with all elements set to false indicating that no numbers have been
2110: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities.  It uses the 'grep' and sub functions in
2111: This is an implementation of the next rate to be used in tree growth. It takes into account current and future rates based on
2112: This R script checks the Last known vital status of patients and returns true or false based on whether they are deceasd.
2113: This R script defines an overflo formatting method that takes two arguments num and underflow . If the input is not of
2114: checks if the first tag in an NER tags vector starts with 'b'. If true then returns TRUE else FALSE. This
2115: This R script defines the 'get dimensions' functionality of an image file reader that splits line into x y z coordinates and
2116: Convert variable to linear scale. Code is used in the context of converting variables from nonlinear scales into ones that are easier and
2117: checks if the file name matches DB release pattern  .* /.*/*./...*/..../*.sql or not?
2118: A vector of three elements representing the weights used in calculating an average value from two vectors with equal length and summing to one
2119: A simple R script to calculate the double of two numbers.  If they are equal then it returns their addition and three times
2120: Checks whether all elements of an object are TRUE.  If not, returns FALSE; otherwise - the first element that is
2121: A simple R script to calculate the sum of triangles numbers upto nth term in sequence .   "getTriangle
2122: This is the prefix of all functions in R. It checks whether or not there's any input and returns an empty string
2123: checks if the input character offset falls within valid range of consonants.  This includes both lower and upper case letters,
2124: This R script is used to remove HTML tags from an IP address string inputted by the user and returns only its first part
2125: A simple R script to calculate the addition of two input numbers. This is an example demonstrating how one can use
2126: This R script cleans the string by removing all non alphanumeric characters. This is useful when you want to
2127: This R script checks whether two numbers are divisible by each other. If they're not it returns FALSE and the quot
2128: Convert all numerics and nested lists to character strings within the data frame or vector  . The recursive process is applied until
2129: Convert string to array of integers  Code is used in the conversion process from strings into arrays . The input value should be converted
2130: This R script parses the version of cURL installed on your system and returns it as an integer value .  It does
2131: Convert vector to comma separated strings  Code snippet used in the script or application where it is needed . e..g
2132: This R script converts the string into private format.  It adds double underscores around it and returns as output .
2133: checks whether the input value can be considered as logical or not . 1 line solution using R programming language only, no external
2134: This R script contains two functions that are used to find and return the matching entries in dataframe df based on certain criteria.
2135: This R script generates the weights file name based on given parameters.  The inputs are methods and sampling rates of an experiment which
2136: This R script calculates and returns minimum possible time difference between two given substrings. It takes into account overlapping cases as
2137: This R script generates all possible combinations of three numbers from the range [0..n] where n is input. The output
2138: This R script converts DNA sequences to their reverse complement.  It uses the RC map defined in an external file and applies
2139: This R script creates an object that represents the COM ports.  The returned objects are named according to their assigned number in range
2140: Calculates the energy of an object with volume and initial mass using MURNAGHAN'S method to calculate it .
2141: This R script calculates the maximum sub array sum. It uses Kadane's algorithm to find out which contigu
2142: Convert the elements of an input vector into string.  The output is one long line with all strings concatenated together separated by
2143: This R script calculates the speeds of two robots in terms and returns them as an array with one element per robot speed
2144: A simple R script to calculate the squred distance between two colours. This is used in image processing tasks such as color matching
2145: A simple R script to generate the required number of space characters. This is useful in formatting output or creating indents etc
2146: This R script removes all the alphanumeric and space character except underscore (_).  It checks whether input is NA
2147: This is the Zero Inflated Poisson Regression model with mean and variance functions . The input parameters are as follows :
2148: Convert the input value to an integer or float, depending on whether it is numerically representable by either int() and floor
2149: A simple R script to perform addition of two numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses the '+' operator
2150: This R script calculates the sum of prediction values multiplied by their corresponding weights.  It is used to calculate an overall
2151: A simple R script that calculates the result of an operation based on input parameters. The inputs are three numbers and one number
2152: A simple R script to check whether the input is null or not and returns either default value of argument 'NULL' when it
2153: This R script is used to extract the domain name from an URL.  It splits on '/' and then returns two
2154: Remove root and end tags from HTML content.  This is useful when dealing with web scraping where the structure of an html
2155: This R script returns the path to localize file of given programming languages.  .   Inputs : A string representing one
2156: A simple linear regression model with two terms in its equation and one intercept . The coefficients are given as inputs to create an
2157: Checks whether the given “two” can be formed by using any of its constituent letters. If it's
2158: This R script converts names into lower case and removes special characters before returning the name as output of one line string in console
2159: Checks whether the given expression is valid as PostFix notation. A number of operand and operator must be present at least
2160: Function to convert list into string with brackets and comma separator  . If the input is null it returns N / A
2161: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate difference between two years in percentage form based on current year and total simulation time until
2162: This R script generates an alphabetical and numerical version of the input string, replacing non alpha numeric characters with "*"
2163: Function to calculate the J.I..J Limit based on number of bits in an integer data type, used by j
2164: This R script calculates the ratio of two people's chances to have an event that is equally likely in one person’
2165: This is the main entry point of our bot. It takes two parameters - 'delegates' and "responses".
2166: Convert DNA bases to integers.  A -> 6, C = 7 , G =8 and T=9 . If
2167: Create an R script that takes two arguments - the first is integer and second one string. The task of creating custom messages based
2168: A simple error handling mechanism. If an exception occurs, it will return 'userError'. The user can provide the specific
2169: Convert an input vector to string. If the length of inList is more than 0 elements then convert it into comma separated
2170: This R script calculates the difference between two bearings. It takes in as input bearing values and returns their differences with respect
2171: This is the new version of config. It changes only HEAD SHA in Vcs metadata to "New Test".
2172: A simple R script to check if the first four characters of an input string are 'jobs'. If true it returns TRUE
2173: This R script defines the 'mystery' three argument binary operation. The first two arguments are compared to determine which of
2174: This is an email generator that takes three arguments - the 'from' address and recipient list of emails to send from –
2175: checks whether two given strings are rhymes of each other.  The check only considers the first 'K' characters in
2176: This R script parses the "InterPro" terms from each gene entry and returns them as part of an output list with
2177: This R script defines the spamminess probability of given text. It takes as input an object that contains two probabilities, one
2178: This R script defines the "step" object that determines whether to take an action based on its input parameters and what kind of
2179: Calculates the energy of two particles in an elastic collision between them with given velocities and distances . The formula used is E
2180: This R script calculates the amount of overpaid and underpayment. It takes three arguments; one is total payment made
2181: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. 0, and all positive integers are valid inputs to
2182: This R script checks whether all the characters of secret word are guessed or not. It does so by comparing each character from
2183: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns whether number's value has positive, negative or zero.
2184: This R script generates an integer from the given level and addresses. The first element of each list is multiplied by three raised
2185: This R script checks whether the input number or integer value given as an argument to it. If that same sequence of digits
2186: This is the R script to generate unique id based on serial number and some other string.  The output will be like '
2187: This R script parses the image URL from an HTML document.  It takes as input one or more pages and returns their
2188: checks whether the given string starts or ends with double underscore.  If it does, then returns true; otherwise false .
2189: Constructs CPE string.  Input is three parameters - the 'vendors' name and then products names followed by
2190: Extract the last part of an STS key.  This is useful when you want to get just file names from keys
2191: Counting identical numbers from two arrays. The input is an array and another one to compare with it; returns count how many
2192: A simple R script to check the type of input and throw an error message when it's not character or null .
2193: This R script checks whether three points are colinear. It does so using the formula of areas under 3D vectors
2194: This R script defines an accelerometer within limits. It takes three arguments - the current velocity of acceleration and two boundaries defining acceptable
2195: This R script converts the input into one flattened array.  It uses recursion to handle nested lists and is
2196: checks whether the input string is composed of PUA characters.  This includes nonstandard or uncommon ASCII ranges, such
2197: Function to check whether two origins are the "same" or not in terms of their intersection elements  . The first argument
2198: Calculates the average of  numbers from   to . The result is an approximation value that represents how many times one can get
2199: This R script creates an object that breaks up the input list into smaller lists.  The size and formatting are determined by
2200: This R script sorts the given vector of strings into two categories - one with SubParts and another without.  The order
2201: This R script calculates the average of an input vector and subtracts it from each element to normalize data . The
2202: This R script converts urgency levels to numeric values.  It assigns priority level numbers based on the input string
2203: Calculates the length of ribbon needed to wrap given objects.  Inputs are lengths in cm and weights or heights as fra
2204: This is an R script that creates and returns the structure of Elasticsearch indices.  The name provided to it will be
2205: This R script generates the rotation order based on whether or not there is roll, bend and twist.  The output will be
2206: This is the R script to calculate symbol size. It takes an object of class 'Symbol' as input and returns its length
2207: This R script formats the input numbers to remove spaces and parentheses. It also adds an initial '+ 1' sign
2208: Function to retrieve an object element from its key path.  If the input is nested then it will recursively search through each
2209: A simple R script to add the calculated taxes on prices.  Code is used in calculating final cost after adding all possible sales
2210: Function to italize the input string.  It converts all lowercase letters in given sentence into upper case and makes it
2211: Convert an integer or real number into its signed representation in binary form using specified bit length  Code snippet used here is
2212: Function to check whether parentheses are balanced.  It checks the number of opening and closing brackets in an expression string
2213: Converts an integer to its Roman numerals equivalent. For example "intToRoman" is used as follows :
2214: This R script generates the number of pixels in one row or column. The input is an integer, and it returns how many
2215: Create an equality checker.  This will compare two values and returns TRUE if they are equal else FALSE . This is
2216: This is an R script that calculates the interval of interest in terms on how to match multiple intervals.  The input parameters
2217: This R script creates an anonymous user defined functions that takes in one argument 'Path' and checks whether the given Path is absolute
2218: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers present on each line from an input file and returns it to be printed out
2219: A simple mapping from one range to another.  It's used when you want your data values within the same scale but
2220: This R script creates an extracts the id part of URI.  It removes everything before and including ":" in UR
2221: This is the critical values of test statisitic.  It takes two cutoffs as input and returns whether or not
2222: Remove comments from the input string.  It removes all lines that start with "#" and trailing whitespaces or newlines
2223: checks if the data in dewarf file object 'df' are valid.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether they
2224: checks whether the title of movie exists in database. This helps to avoid duplicates when adding new entries into our data
2225: A simple conversion from degrees and minutes to decimal degree format using R programming language . ---> Code : Converts
2226: A simple recursive object look up with optional defaults . This is useful when dealing w/ nested objects and missing values can occur
2227: Create an HTML nav item with the given URL and Title.  The output is in list form as per R's print
2228: This R script creates an anonymous or "signed" version of the input number. It checks whether num is less than
2229: This R script converts nonbreaking spaces to regular space.  It is used in data cleaning tasks where the original dataset contains
2230: Function to check if the difference between two numbers is less than or equal with respect their respective tolerances . If yes then return
2231: This R script adds zeros to the left of numbers less than 9 in order. For example it converts '3
2232: A simple R script to find the minimum of two times.  It takes in as input parameters both timestamps and returns
2233: This R script checks if the given path points towards an image. It does so by checking whether or not there's any
2234: This R script rotates the string to left by 'bits' number of places. It does so using simple character manipulation
2235: This is an R script that compares two extensions of files and returns “true” or 'false' based on whether
2236: Compute the center of rectangle. The input is in form c() with four elements representing x and y coordinates respectively .The
2237: This is an R script that calculates the number of partners in n projects.  The formula used to calculate it uses ar
2238: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits values within an interval.  It takes three arguments - minimum and maximum
2239: Replace occurances of parameters within the inputted strings.  Parameters are replaced with their respective values from an object passed
2240: This R script is used to get the URL of an image from its display resources. ...   ## [end
2241: This is the implementation of "two_to" in R. It takes as input one vector and another number n , it
2242: Function to reverse complement DNA sequence.  Input is an RNA string and returns its corresponding protein translation as the reversed compliment
2243: This script takes in the name of Python module as input and returns it formatted with underscores replaced by hyphens.
2244: Create and return the structure of an 'event' object.  The event is created with state information from given input parameter .
2245: This R script calculates the number of negative values present within an input vector. It does so by iterating over each element
2246: This R script generates the minimum and maximum indices of two input numbers.  It then returns these as one string separated by hyp
2247: Returns true when the input is less than or equal to compared with. If not it returns false otherwise . For example : -
2248: Adds color to the given theme or style of an existing one by adding it as another attribute – either 'fg'
2249: This R script checks whether each element in vector 'A' is less than or equal tolerance of corresponding elements from another vectors.
2250: This R script generates the cache option to be used in cmakemake.  It takes three arguments - 'Name'
2251: Function to handle the processing of results in an R environment, returning 'none' when no input is provided or formatting numer
2252: Create an object that represents the occurrence of events. This is used to track and manage all occurrences in your
2253: This R script calculates the minimum and maximum voltages in an input dataframe.  It returns these as numeric vector [
2254: Multiply each element of the input vectors by given scalars. The output is another two elements long sequence that represents multiplication
2255: This is an R script that converts strings into their corresponding numeric id'S .  It takes in one string and
2256: This R script filters out the endings of all registered vehicles.  It takes in an input 'end' and returns only
2257: This R script joins the tokens into one string.  It uses space as separator between each token in an array of strings
2258: This R script creates an HTTP header object.  It takes one argument, the user's API key or bearer T
2259: A recursive algorithm to find the cube root of an integer. The initial guess is set as one, and then increment
2260: Quotes are removed from the input string. If it starts and ends with single quotes or double quote marks then they're
2261: Generates the Lorentza oscillator equation of motion in R language using amplitude and FWHM parameters to describe oscillation characteristics
2262: This R script defines the 'function' named "Longeset Word" that takes as input an array of strings and returns
2263: This R script calculates the size of one step in an image that is not overlapped by another smaller object.  It
2264: This R script cleans the URL by removing trailing slash. If there is no actual content to be cleaned then it returns
2265: This R script merges two dictionaries.  It takes as input the dictionary and another one to be merged into it;
2266: This R script defines the 'canonicalize GPU Indice'. It takes an input of either numerics or strings that represent
2267: This R script cleans the input string by removing punctuation, converting it into lower case and stripping leading or trailing white
2268: This R script creates an output vector by squaring each number from the input list. The process is done using loops and functions
2269: Convert the input string into underscored style.  For example, "Hello World" becomes hello__world . This
2270: Function to Round Numeric Values in Dictionary  Code snippet that rounds numerics within dictionary values and returns the
2271: Function to concatenates two vectors.  It uses mapply and paste functions in R language . The result is an unlisted
2272: This R script creates an object that contains the hostgroups of all hosts in your system.  It is used to group related
2273: Function to retrieve the current CPU frequency.  The argument is expected as an integer representing which specific processor' s clock speed should
2274: This will return the first 37 characters plus an ellipsis. If text length exceeds, it returns full content otherwise
2275: Calculates the Chi Square statistic of two vectors or matrices .   Inputs : observed and Expected Output is calculated as
2276: Calculates the Area of Trapezoidal Prism using Base Minors and Major Bases as input parameters to calculate its
2277: This is the definition of an R script that calculates Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using their
2278: This R script calculates the center of an axis aligned bounding box.  The input is expected to be in form [
2279: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate position in array. It takes two parameters and returns calculated value based on given conditions
2280: A simple R script to calculate the Factorial of an input number. If it's less than zero or non integer,
2281: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor algorithm. It finds and returns one number that is both evenly divided by
2282: This is the implementation of moving player forward in game. It takes two arguments - 'current' position and direction to be moved
2283: This R script rotates the elements of each sublists in squaresList by one position to right. The result is returned as
2284: This R script parses the DHM request message and returns only numerics from it . This is useful in dealing
2285: Convert MAC address to string format without colons .  Input is macaddress and output will be converted into the required form of
2286: Interpolates the values of an individuals' traits within given boundaries.  The interpolation is done by linearly extrapol
2287: This R script performs multiple substitutions on the input strings. It takes two arguments - 'input' and an associative
2288: This is the main parsing routine that takes in an input of type 'Slates' and returns it as parsed dictionary.
2289: Function to safely retrieve attribute from an object using the specified keys in case they do not exist on that particular level of hierarchy .
2290: This R script calculates the number of conditions needed to cover all possible combinations within given range. It takes into account that there
2291: This R script calculates the normalized values of an inputted 'star' value.  The normalization is done by subtracting
2292: This R script converts URLs into their component parts and returns them in the form of character vector or NA when input is
2293: Function to fetch information about pods.  .   Parameters : Details and Operator ID    Returns the name of Pod
2294: Convert information from string format to dictionary.  The input is assumed as one or more lines of text with the structure : KEY
2295: Convert ISO 8601 string to SQL date/time in UTC. This will convert the inputted ISODD
2296: This R script computes an approach based on the power and interests of two people.  It returns one outof four possible
2297: This is the default implementation of checking if an individual has died. It always returns FALSE as we don't have any information
2298: Extracts one time password url from the given input .  The first field of type "One Time Code" will be
2299: This is the autocorrelation of one period in time series data with an exponentially weighted moving average filter applied to it
2300: A simple R script to calculate the fuel required by an object's mass, given that it is lighter than air at constant
2301: Function to calculate the power of two numbers using stacking operation .  Inputs are both numerics and outputs is also numerical
2302: This is the implementation of an alpha parameter in R that ensures values are between [MINIMUM= .Machine$doubleinfo
2303: This R script removes the .YAML extension from file names in an array of files  Inputs : Array/Vector
2304: This R script converts numeric values to percentages by rounding them and replacing infinite or NaN with “9
2305: This R script defines the 'getRoles' method that retrieves all role names from an input object of type UserData
2306: Function to convert an integer value along the x or y axes. If negative it adds that amount on total and returns result
2307: A simple R script to calculate the sum of squares.  Code is used in conjunction with other functions and packages that perform vector
2308: This script calculates the maximum size of any list within data. It does so by iterating over each element and comparing its
2309: A simple implementation of the Collatz conjecture. The functions 'handle' are used to determine whether n is odd or even
2310: This R script compares the locations of BigQuery dataset and Google Cloud Storage bucket. If they are same it returns TRUE otherwise
2311: Convert number to textual representation.  For example, convert the integer '9' into "nine", and also handle
2312: This R script builds and returns the nodelists as comma separated string. This is useful when you want to print
2313: This is the DOPPLER model of sound speed calculation in R . It takes two parameters - observed frequency and velocity over
2314: A simple implementation of the Collatz conjecture. The input is an integer, and it returns how many steps are required to
2315: This R script defines the 'shift' operation on points. It takes two arguments - an initial set of coordinates and how much
2316: Convert the given object to dictionary format  .   Inputs : A dataframe of type 'SubCloudStatus' or NULL
2317: checks if one rectangle overlaps with another.  Inputs are two rectangular objects defined by their minimum and maximum x/ y
2318: This R script calculates the product of two lists. It first sums up all elements from each input vector and then multiplies
2319: Function to check whether the time taken by an object in freefall is greater than zero or not .  If it's
2320: This R script calculates the log probability of each element. It divides all elements by total sub graphs to normalize them
2321: This R script finds the reaction id from an input string.  It removes all spaces in between and returns only first word of
2322: This R script checks if the input piece name corresponds with any of bishop, queen or rocke. It returns TRUE when
2323: A simple R script to convert between hyphenated and underscored strings.  It checks the configuration object's name
2324: This R script creates an XML string with the given parameters. It checks whether or not to add value of specified tag and then
2325: Converts decimal numbers to string representation up until .34 or so in length using the most efficient method possible and returns
2326: Function to calculate the scalar product of two vectors.  Code is used in conjunction with other functions that perform vector operations on data
2327: This R script reformats HTML tags in raw inputted texts. It replaces "<>", which are used to denote the
2328: Calculates the square of Euclidean Distance between two 3D points.   .    Inputs : Two vectors representing
2329: This R script generates the URIs from each of given Clique dictionary.  It takes as input an object that
2330: This is the implementation of an algorithm to find intersection point between two lines in R programming language using parametric equations . The equation
2331: This is the left hand side of an equation. It takes two arguments - var and mea . The first argument represents some
2332: This R script is used to extract the human readable names from input string.  It replaces hyphens with spaces in
2333: Parses the configuration of an ‘Xt’ training environment and returns it as list objects with corresponding keys 'environment
2334: A simple R script that returns the message of user's preferred pet.  It takes in one argument which is their favourite
2335: Check if two boxes overlap. If they are not overlapping then return FALSE else TRUE . The first box is the outermost
2336: This R script defines the 'capitalized' version of an input string. It takes care to remove leading and trailing
2337: Function to extract release information from data.  If the 'release' key is present in input it returns that value otherwise tries
2338: This R script creates an object that appends 'x' to the beginning of any string input. If it is not already
2339: Function to calculate the rounded down value of km/hr given in seconds and other parameters like time duration etc., returns calculated result
2340: This is the R script to calculate number of periods between two dates with given length in seconds . The input parameters are 'Start
2341: This is the vaders scores of all entries in an R dataframe.  It's sorted by compound sentiment analysis .
2342: This R script conversts the input power in Watters to Horse Power using an equation derived from physics of engines and tur
2343: Convert Oxford comma text to list.  This is an R script that takes in one phrase with commas separated by "and
2344: This R script formats the relation name and fields into one string.  It is used to create unique identifiers in data analysis
2345: Calculates the kn value of an object.  The input is in meters and output will be converted to kilometers by
2346: This R script is used to remove the domain part from an IP address. It checks whether there's any '%%%
2347: checks whether the input dictionary object has no elements or not  .   ` ``` Rcpp::source("R/utils
2348: Function to add two numbers.  Code is written in R language and it takes as input the parameters 'b' &amp
2349: Function to get the local State of an object.  If it doesnt exist then throws error message "couldn't
2350: Function to check whether two arrays have the same contents.  If not they are considered different by our definition of "same".
2351: Appends elements of 'nxt' to the end and removes duplicates.  The result is stored back into config
2352: checks if the input object y has more than one output from an R environment that supports multiple outputs  .    Examples : `
2353: This R script calculates the next period of health care expenditure based on current and effort level.  The calculation is done
2354: Flatens the list of lists into one long vector. This is useful when you want to convert nested vectors or matrices
2355: This R script defines an anonymous or named vectorized functions that limits the speed to between +/-96.3 mph
2356: This is the ratio of value to maximum possible size.  It's used in calculating how much space should be allocated on
2357: This R script is used to remove non set instances from the list of instance paths in an object that contains multiple sets and their
2358: A helper to generate the checked attribute based on whether or not value is equal.  This can be used in conjunction with other
2359: Reads an input line in invisible mode.  This is useful when you want to avoid the echo of user inputs on your
2360: This R script removes the first character of SNP annotations. It also handles special characters and numbers in annotation names correctly by
2361: Convert WPM to CPS - convert word per minute into character/second . The conversion is based on the average speed of
2362: This R script creates an end of sorted list.  It takes in one argument, the master block and returns all possible lists
2363: A simple R script to calculate the seat id. The row and colums are given as input parameters which represent binary representation of
2364: This is the R script to calculate different types of lenses based on their configurations .  It takes as input configuration and returns
2365: This R script calculates the number of false positives in an array.  It takes two arguments; one is true positive
2366: A simple multiplication operation.  Code is used to multiply two numbers together in R programming language .   Inputs are the
2367: Merge two dictionaries into one dictionary by merging lists of values associated with the same keys from both input dictonaries
2368: This R script converts Farenheight to Cells.   .    Inputs : degreess in degrees of free
2369: This is the fix of 3D plotting in R using ggplot, with customization options to set x and
2370: Function to search nested JSON objects or vectors using the key name provided as an argument  .  ```R ```"Usage
2371: This R script generates the first n terms of an arithmetic progression.  The user can specify which number in each series
2372: Check two arrays are identical or not in terms of their squares and the order they contain elements respectively . If any one input has
2373: Function to determine whether the result contains an error.  If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .   [END]
2374: checks if the string s has at least one digit.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .    Example usage : print("abc
2375: checks if the line ends with backslash.  Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it's multi/multi_lined
2376: Finds the first dependency that matches given reference.  Returns NULL when no match is found .   Input parameters are specification and
2377: This R script converts input text into its root form or stems it by removing common suffixes and prefixing from the
2378: Convert decimal degrees to hours or minutes/seconds in time format . The input is string of the form 'DDMMSS'.
2379: checks if the given string starts with "UK" followed by an establishment number prefix of two characters long and is not empty or
2380: Function to calculate the missing number in an array. This is done by subtracting one of two arrays from another and
2381: This R script defines the default distance to be used in calculating displacements when using specific interface mode .   [...]
2382: A recursive implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. The number is reduced by repeatedly replacing it with
2383: A simple implementation of the squared loss.  It calculates and returns summation over differences between actual values & predicted value
2384: checks if the given reference name starts with "master" or not  . Parameters : A string representing branch references
2385: This is the R script to calculate Power Level. It takes three parameters and calculates its value based on them . The first
2386: This R script calculates the factor by which an object of class "rigid" should be scaled to match another rigid body
2387: This is the first step in calculating SCF per minute. It calculates sum of coefficients multiplied by number atoms and power
2388: This R script is used to process the IP address and Port of an object that contains information about proxies . The input
2389: Normalises the elements of list lst by using denominator vector.  Returns new normalized version as output .    Example usage
2390: This R script calculates the n's digit logarithm. The first term is calculated as sum of logs, then it
2391: This R script calculates the distance score between two points in space using Euclidean Distance and adds an additional weight to account
2392: A simple power transformation.  This is used to convert the data from one scale or range into another using an exponential decay model
2393: This R script calculates the population Standard Devation of values. It takes as input an array/vector and returns its calculated
2394: A simple R script to remove duplicates from an input vector.  It uses the built in 'uniquified' feature
2395: A simple R script to calculate the total of an inputted vector. This is useful when you want your program's output
2396: This R script is used to remove the 'PARENT' from parent information in an info field. This can be
2397: A simple implementation of the 3x1 predictors algorithm. It calculates an average value from three given values and then
2398: Function to check whether an object is part of the activities list in its 'Destinations' field  [...] . R functions
2399: Create and manage one row of data about confirmed case in the world.  The input is three parameters - name , number or
2400: checks whether the input value string contains only uppercase letters or not . This can be used to check strings that may contain
2401: A simple fractional calculation. The first two calls are to calculate the fractions of one and three respectively while ignoring zero
2402: Converts RGB color to grayscale using the formula R=R/M , G=B/(N+Y
2403: This R script finds the first item with matching 'Key' name from given list of items.  If no such Key is
2404: A simple implementation of the "clamps" or limits value to be within specified range. This is useful in many
2405: This R script updates the position of an object in 3D space. It takes as input current coordinates and velocities along
2406: Convert wave number to wavelength in Angstroms.  Input is the frequency of light, output will be its corresponding length
2407: Function to determine whether or not there is any winning combination on the given tic tack -toe game. The input parameters
2408: Computes the area of an isoscelesian right triangles formed by three points. The coordinates are given as vectors in
2409: A simple R script to check whether two intervals intersect. The intersection of the given interval with another is defined as an overlapping
2410: This R script defines the 'get A Q I level' as an input parameter and returns one of five levels based on its
2411: Function to convert an array of addresses into grid points.  The input is the list/array containing three elements representing xy
2412: This R script validates the input as comma separated string and returns it in vector form . This is useful when you
2413: This R script is used to determine the language of an input file. It takes as its argument one string that represents either .
2414: This is an R script that takes over the list items in place. It returns nothing but changes original vector to be empty and
2415: A simple wrapper around R' built in 'setdiff()'.  It returns the difference between two sets. If one of
2416: A simple implementation of the Levenshtein distance algorithm. It calculates and returns how many characters need to be replaced or
2417: This R script removes HTML tags from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to find and remove any text enclosed within
2418: This R script checks whether any license text or notice is present. If so, it returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .  It
2419: This R script compares two vectors and returns -  when the first vector is less than second. If both are equal it
2420: Create an object that represents the filter to be used in conjunction with search() method.  The returned objects are suitable as arguments
2421: Convert between ROI and Average Annual Percentage Yields in the same way as interest rate swaps are converted
2422: This R script defines the 'function' named "capitialize". It takes one argument of type character and returns it in
2423: This R script calculates the total GB of memory used by an object. It takes as input its current 'object' and
2424: This R script calculates the duration of an array or vector.  It subtracts minimum time from maximum to find out
2425: Finds the first FORKING_COMMAND in an array of lines.  Returns NULL when no such string is found
2426: A simple R script to convert Farenheight temperatures into Celcuis using the formula of conversion from farhenhite
2427: This R script generates an array of probabilities with the same value and length as inputted number values .  The output is in
2428: Calculates the F score of two parameters - Recalls and Precisions  Code is used to calculate one measure that combines both
2429: This R script defines an intersection check between two boxes. The input is the coordinates of both bounding rectangles and returns TRUE
2430: A simple R script to convert an integer into its corresponding hexadecimal digit.  It uses the built in character vector
2431: This R script calculates the inner product and distance between two  four dimensional vectors using Euclidean norms in Quaterions
2432: A simple implementation of the Luhn algorithm to validate credit card numbers .    Code snippet : checks whether or not an
2433: This program determines the orientations of lines. It checks whether one side is horizontal or vertical based on their differences in x and
2434: This R script creates GraqhQL insert queries to define relationships between entities. The relationship is defined by the provided name and
2435: This R script checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array.  It does so by checking that both x and
2436: This R script defines the 'getReviewType' method that determines whether an input is from lvls 3 or above
2437: Calculates the rate of incorrect classifications. This is used to evaluate how often our model's predictions do not match with
2438: A simple conversion from dollars into pounds sterling . Rounding off the result upto two decimal places as per requirement of assignment
2439: A simple R script to generate the first three rounds of numbers from an inputted integer value  .    Example usage : round
2440: A simple rounding of numeric values to the nearest integer using R's built in functions  .   Input : some
2441: This is an R script that takes in one list of lists and returns the elements from all nested sublevels.  It
2442: Create an error object with the given 'cause' and optional ‘detail’. If no detail is provided then it will
2443: Function to check whether the file extension of an URL corresponds with any known binaries.  It checks against .PDF,.PN
2444: A simple R script to round an integer input. The output is the rounded number as string with comma separator and no decimal
2445: Approximately checks if two points are within the given maximum deviation.  Inputs : refrence Point and Maximum Dev
2446: Calculates the total size of all responses in HAR file.  .    Code snippet to reproduce it : har
2447: A python script that prints out the value of foo and miff from input parameters.  If running with --testing flag then
2448: Convert Chip type to abbreviation. 1st level -> T, second Level => W , third one=> B .
2449: Reads and cleans the content of an input text filename .  The cleaning includes removing all white spaces from lines in order to
2450: A simple R script to perform the operation of dividing one number by another and rounds it down.  The result is returned
2451: Convert strings into boolean values. If the input is "True", it returns TRUE; “False”, or FALSE otherwise
2452: This R script converts service id into lower case and replaces all whitespace with dash.  It is used in the
2453: This R script flattens an input list. It iterates over each element of the main vector and appends it to
2454: Create an error message when trying to access unknown files.  The format of the string is 'Unknown File [file id]
2455: checks if the given object is in gold or not.  .    Returns TRUE when it finds an item, FALSE otherwise..
2456: A simple R script to calculate the percentage of color in RGB space. It takes minimum and maximum values from an input range as
2457: This R script converts the input string into an array of strings.  It splits on commas and returns only first
2458: A simple recursive implementation of the bubble sort algorithm.  It reverses an input vector by swapping elements around as it
2459: Generates functions that are either default, delete or typedefs and uses them as needed in the codebase  .   -
2460: Function to check whether the first word of SQL statement is one among 'USE', ‘ALTER’ ,'DROP','
2461: Convert tabs to spaces. If the input is "\t", convert it into space characters; otherwise, return as string directly if
2462: Function to count the number of elements in each list within an input dictionary.  Returns total counts as integer value .    Example
2463: This is an implementation of the XOR operation on two pieces.  It takes in one argument, checks whether it's
2464: A recursive implementation of the fibonacci sequence.  The first two numbers are always returned as one and then each
2465: A simple R script to convert string input into integer or NULL  .  ```R ```    Inputs : String value
2466: Function to check the structure of an RPC received content  .  1/3 points - Code works correctly, no syntax
2467: Convert numerics to progress bar values, with special handling of NA and outliers in the range [9 -> 3
2468: This R script calculates the square root of summation over complex numbers  .   Inputs : A vector containing two elements
2469: Generates SQL query based on the inputted column names and table name. It generates queries that count distinct values of specified fields
2470: This R script writes the contents of an input list to CSV files named according  .RData format and returns their names
2471: Function that determines the electronic configuration based on number and type … .of radicals. It returns an appropriate string representation as
2472: This R script calculates the average f score of different types. It takes as input four scores and returns an aggregated value
2473: This R script defines the 'normalise' directory path. It checks whether or not there is an ending slash and adds
2474: This R script takes an input string and returns the second part of that strings's @ symbol.  It is used to
2475: This is an R script that checks if the first two characters of each line in input file are "<<".  It returns
2476: This R script takes an input list of strings and returns the same as its argument but each string is split into individual characters.
2477: This R script checks whether two strings contain the same alleles. If they do not match exactly one of them is considered
2478: This R script checks whether the input number 'x' can be divided by any integer other than one and itself. If it
2479: Flattern nested lists into one level deep list  .   Code snippet to convert all elements of the input vector/
2480: Create domain name based on AWS services and regions  .   Input parameters are the awsvars file variables or directly passed to
2481: This is an R script that recognizes the source of messages in .po files. It checks if each string starts with "
2482: This is an R script that checks if two ranges overlap.  It takes in the start and end points of each pair to
2483: A simple R program to multiply three numbers.  Code is written in one line and uses the multiplication operator (*).
2484: This R script defines the 'smaller start' of an event. It takes two arguments - current date and desired end time
2485: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as n>=0, and returns
2486: This R script saves the given text to an external .txt or csv files.  The filename and contents are passed as
2487: Convert Amazon Resource Name to Queue name.  This is useful when you want the queue URL in your application' context and
2488: Function to convert grade into letter.  A graded of 'X' will be converted as an F in the output,
2489: This R script converts backslashes (\ and t into their respective characters.  It is used in data cleaning tasks where
2490: This is the expected python safety of getting requirements from file or url .  It returns different levels based on whether it'll
2491: Convert the coordinates of an array to one dimension index. This is done by taking into account that each element has its own x
2492: This R script truncates the input to its nearest integer value within specified set of integers or FALSE otherwise  . Parameters are
2493: Create an FQN from package name and object/function.  If the input is empty string then it returns only className
2494: This R script converts the input count data into probabilities. It first calculates totals of all items, then divides
2495: This R script calculates the sum of all numbers from 'j' to n in sequence. The calculation is done by adding
2496: This R script calculates the prime factors of an inputted integer. It uses trial division to find all possible factorizations and
2497: A simple R script to calculate the area of circles using their radii as input parameters . Inputs : Rad
2498: Generates the URL of compensation search results based on provided parameters . The first parameter defines from which year to begin searching and second
2499: A dynamic programming solution to the knapsack problem. It generates all possible subsets of items with their respective weight and returns maximum
2500: This R script calculates the number of times one needs to jump in order from point A towards B.  The distance between
2501: This R script generates the list of parameters to be used with an SQL query.  The input is expected as dictionary where keys
2502: This R script creates or updates the mapping from object identifiers to their classes based on annotation data provided by users and existing m
2503: This R script generates prime factors of an inputted integer. It uses recursion to decomposes numbers into their smallest possible parts
2504: A simple R script that checks whether an input number is greater than 5. If it's true, returns TRUE;
2505: Updates the lease information of an object. If it doesn't exist yet then creates one with given MAC address and updates
2506: This R script calculates the total number of lines per repository by iterating over all files within each given GitHub Repository
2507: Function to check whether the given path is inside any of several directories.  The paths are checked against all provided directory names using
2508: This is an R script that links to the given URL with optional customizable window title.  It uses ANSI escape
2509: Create an R script that generates the response to be sent in case of any errors.  The output should contain information about whether
2510: Function to check whether the given value is less than or equal 1. If it'is, then returns TRUE; otherwise
2511: This R script returns the unique elements from two lists. It compares each element of x and correspondingly with every single in
2512: Function to check if two numbers are the exact absolute values of each other.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on comparison result .
2513: A SpotiPy wrapper to generate the URL of an individual song on spotifys website  . ...}`;
2514: This is the first step in creating an action policy. It calculates how many valid actions are left after scanning all possible combinations
2515: Create an ajax navigation menu entry.  This is used to create the main navigational bar in your application .
2516: This R script parses the organization names from an input JSON object.  It returns them as character vector .    Input :
2517: 获取验证码结果的表单数据。   Inputs : Tel number and Validation Code. Returns the Form
2518: A simple R script to cut down the length of string upto given maximum limit and add trailing indicator . If longer than
2519: This is an R script that converts the input into its discernible form, ie., it removes any unknown or
2520: A simple R shiny app that toggles the navbar collapse state.  It takes two parameters nclick and open which are
2521: This R script returns the class with highest likelihood of being predicted by model, based on logistic regression output from predict() method
2522: Code snippet with no usage or explanation about removing "walras" from r language, which is not supported by all
2523: This R script calculates the percentage of time that an object is in its 'target' state, given how many times it
2524: Convert list of messages to string.  Each message is converted into its unicode representation and then combined together with the specified separ
2525: This R script splits the input string into numerics using comma separator and returns them in an array format  [END
2526: A simple recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence.  The base cases are defined as follows - when number
2527: This R script checks whether the input vector contains any duplicated elements. If it does, then returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE is
2528: Convert bounding box to WKT polygon format  Inputs : Bounding Box in the form of string like 'min
2529: This is an implementation of the "clamps" angle to be between [min, max] degrees. It takes in one
2530: Convert RGB color to integer value using bitwise operations .   Code snippet provided by the user in question is used here
2531: Function to check whether the given 'results' object contains valid results. If it does, returns id of first hit; otherwise
2532: This R script returns the first word of each line in tabulated information.  It uses str split to break up lines into
2533: This is the multiplication of two vectors.  It takes as input one vector and another; it returns an output that's
2534: This R script finds the least common multiple of all divisibility checks. It starts from an initial number and increments it
2535: Generates the URIs of HighWire PDFs from an input dictionary.  This is used to generate URLS
2536: checks if the input object 'is' multi output matrix  .   ## [0,n]->TRUE , otherwise
2537: A simple R implementation of the Dot Product operation between two vectors u and vector . The output is an elementwise multiplication followed
2538: Convert LandsAt 8 Level URL to S3 url format . This is an R script that converts the input
2539: Removes question marks from string.  Input is 'string', output should be cleaned version of input with all ?'s
2540: A simple one line R script to check the input values and return them within given range.  If outside of min/max
2541: This R script checks whether two vectors are equal. If they have the same elements and order of their respective lengths then it returns
2542: Reads the run id and returns an object with three components. The first two are extracted from it using string splitting; then
2543: This R script converts the directory names to "xified" format. It replaces '/' with an X and removes
2544: A recursive update of elements within the list or dictionary structure using provided keys and new values to replace old ones  . The
2545: This R script generates the path of an object. If it is not absolute then prepends '/' to make sure that
2546: This R script checks whether all rows of the input 'Board' are unique. It does so by iterating over each
2547: Function to calculate the area of an irregular polygon.  The input is expected as two points defining one edge, and it returns
2548: checks if the input variable var represents symbolic data.  It returns TRUE when it does and FALSE otherwise .    [END]
2549: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the input. This is useful when you want to compare strings that may have different lengths
2550: This R script calculates the octants of an object's motion based on its x and y coordinates in relation to some
2551: This R script computes the similarity between two titles and body paragraphs. It uses simple string matching to find common terms in
2552: Function to calculate NDVI.  Inputs are the near and far infrared bands of an image in radians .
2553: This R script compares two strings and returns TRUE if they are the same when case insensitive.  It converts both
2554: This R script defines an object "type" that determines whether the input sequences are transcribed as 'tRNA' or
2555: checks if two numbers are even or not.  Code is used to check whether the first number can be divided by second without
2556: Function to generate the URL of an ExoMOL data page based on given parameters  .    Inputs : Moles
2557: This R script builds an URI by combining the given 'path' with '/'.  The first part of uri is removed if
2558: This is the validation of credit card number based on Luhn algorithm  Summary:. The input value should be less than .7
2559: A simple R script to say hello and then exit.  Code is designed with the intention of being reusable in
2560: A wrapper around the logging functionality to allow additional properties.  Logs metrics with an optional set of 'additional' dimensions
2561: This R script is used to extract the first component of an input string.  It takes in configuration data and returns one element
2562: Function to extract deltamax from eigenvalues of the matrix form and returns delta max value .    Inputs : Matrix L
2563: Function to check whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array.  If they're not it returns TRUE otherwise FALSE
2564: This R script reads and returns contents of specified .txt files. If it fails to open or cannot be opened due some reason
2565: This R script retrieves the filename from an URL.  It splits on '/' and returns last element of resulting vector
2566: This R script removes RT from the tokens.  It returns only those elements which are not equal to '@'.   .
2567: This R script removes multiple spaces from the input string.  It uses gsub to replace all occurrences of one or
2568: Convert degrees to decimal minutes of arc seconds, given as input in the form "degrees". The output is returned with one
2569: This R script returns the base name of an input file path.  It uses built in functions to extract and return only filename
2570: A simple linear transformation that returns the input value when it is positive. Otherwise return zero . This will be used to transform data
2571: This is the edge detection algorithm that checks whether an input value falls within two specified values or not .  It returns either of
2572: Convert an integer to its corresponding alphabetical character. For example 'intToAlpha' is used with the argument of
2573: This R script takes an input path and returns the file name from that location. It does so by splitting up paths into components
2574: This is the main control logic of an outlet switcher. It takes in state data and returns outlets to turn on or
2575: A simple R script to calculate the Perimeter of any triangle given its three sides.  Code is written in one line and
2576: This R script converts numbers in the string to their corresponding English word representation using regex and grep functions from base r package .
2577: A simple R script to convert an inputted one two digit number into the equivalent in terms of AM/ PM formatting .
2578: This R script returns the first line number of occurrence in which 'val' is found.  It uses "==" operator
2579: checks whether the given term represents an integer or not  .  ```R ```   `#' @usage NULL,
2580: This R script builds an SQL query string from the inputted list of keywords.  It uses 'paste' to combine all
2581: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 object that removes the specified word from its end. If it does not exist
2582: Split the given string into parts based on slashes. If first character is not / then keep it as part of previous
2583: Function to check if the range of numbers is unsortable.  If it's not sorting in ascending order
2584: Convert kinetic energy to dynamic pressure.  Inputs are the Kinetic Energy and Density of an object in kg/m
2585: Function to generate the Variations Descriptor of BRAF Variant 3's variant in GAiGH format .
2586: Convert None to empty strings in the input dataframe column  .    Inputs : DataFrame, Column name as character vector
2587: This R script calculates the latent heat of fusion using an empirical formula based on temperature in Kelvin, given by
2588: This R script calculates Cohens kappa statistic. It is used to measure the agreement between two raters who are
2589: Wraps the input string in backticks.  This is useful when you want to include R markdown syntax within
2590: This R script defines the 'getVixelCoordinate' method that takes an integer and returns its corresponding voctal coordinate
2591: This R script merges multiple paragraph into one sentence each with punctuation and whitespace preserved in between the phrases of text .
2592: This R script calculates the Cosines similarity between two vectors. The input is similarities and degrees of precision to be used
2593: This R script creates an ODD number generator. It takes two parameters - the dimension and cycles through numbers in that range until
2594: This R script checks whether the input string is alphanumeric or not by checking that it contains only digits and letters
2595: A simple addition operation.  Code is used to perform an arithmetic summation of two numbers .    Example usage : `
2596: A simple R script to print 'hello' in the console.  Code is used as an example of how one might use
2597: This R script calculates the maximum grade among students. It takes as input an object of class 'gradedata' with
2598: A simple R script to subtracting two vectors. The input is the first three elements of both inputs and returns their difference as
2599: Function to calculate the modulation duration.  Inputs are frequency and yield on maturity in percentage terms . Returns value of
2600: Create the necessary header information to authenticated requests  Inputs : endpoint -> The API End Point .token => Jwt
2601: Acknowledge the developers of dart.  DST maintenance by noaathe National Oceanic and Atmospheric
2602: This R script calculates the mechanism of an object based on its rotation angle.  The input is in degrees and returns one
2603: This R script cleans the documents by removing punctuation. It takes as input an object of text tokens, and returns another list
2604: This R script creates an array of elements that are reversed in every 'n'th position. The input is the original
2605: A recursive implementation of the calculation and storage/retrieval operations on an integer. The base case is when num equals
2606: This R script calculates the maximum length of rows and columns in an input data frame.  It returns two values - one
2607: A simple wrap around mechanism to ensure that the input number is within specified range.  If it's outside of bounds then
2608: This R script calculates the number of characters needed to represent an entropy value in bits. The result is rounded up because we
2609: Convert lat/long to string format with optional unit of measurement  . e g., convert coordinates into human readable form like
2610: A simple R script to calculate the sum of dice throws  .   Code is used in simulations and probability calculations where you need
2611: This is an R script that takes two vectors of numbers as input and returns their combined vector.  It uses the c()
2612: checks if the given token matches with left brackets.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it's an opening parent
2613: Compute the minimum distance between two alphabetic characters.  The input is an individual' s genotype and
2614: This is an in place version of the subtract operation. It takes two vectors as input and performs element wise operations on them
2615: Calculates the percentage error between two values.  Relative Error is calculated as absolute percent difference from reference .   Inputs
2616: This R script calculates the total gain and loss from daily changes of stocks prices. It takes as input an array/vector
2617: Calculates the magnetisation of spins on an atomistic system using Monte Carlo simulation .}`;'}}]], "
2618: Create an R script that takes in two strings and returns the first string with its last character changed to be apostrophe.
2619: This R script generates the last part of an URL path.  It takes as its argument any string that might be considered to
2620: checks whether there is at least one occurrence of the character "." present and not immediately followed by another ".+" or end
2621: This is the R script to convert angles from 18 or -9 degrees. If an inputted value of 'a
2622: This R script counts the number of failed students. It takes an input vector 'score' and returns how many scores are less
2623: Function to convert string numbers into numerics or NA when possible  .  ```R ```"num from str " is
2624: This R script checks the array and returns how many times it encounters more than or equal to 'n' zeros.
2625: checks if the given url points to an sqlit database  . This functions returns true when it finds that string in input
2626: Check if the files in given list have .BASE line extension and return TRUE/FALSE accordingly  Code snippet to be
2627: Extracting the unit of an object in R using either its name or numeric indexing . If no such information is available
2628: This script calculates the maximum possible gain from buying at any given price and selling onwards. It uses dynamic programming to find
2629: A simple R script to generate the site string.  It takes in one argument - 'domian' and returns it as
2630: A simple R script to convert Farenheight temperatures into Celcuis. This is done by subtracting the freezing
2631: A simple Cubic Bezier curve generator.  The input is an array of four points defining the control polygon and time parameter
2632: This is the implementation of Z score calculation.  It takes raw data and calculates its corresponding standardized value based on given
2633: This R script calculates the volume of sphere.  The formula used is V = √[8*π^R
2634: This R script toggles the manual weights form visibility.  It takes an argument method which can be either "auto" or
2635: This R script is used to count the number of papers that have been published.  It takes as input an object containing information
2636: A simple R script that writes the contents of one variable to an output text or csv files. This is useful
2637: This R script generates the reverse complement of DNA sequence. It takes as input an amino acid string and returns its corresponding revers
2638: This R script calculates the average of cards. It takes as input an array representing player's deck, and returns its
2639: Computes precision and recall of amino acid predictions with given confidence thresholds.  Returns two values - the computed prec
2640: A simple implementation of the manhatten distance formula. It calculates and returns distances between two points in an m x n
2641: A simple R script to generate an API URL using the host parameter  . The url is generated by appending /apid
2642: Implemented two functions to calculate the Factorial of an integer. One uses recursion, and another one doesn't
2643: This R script converts all zeros in the input vector to integer values, leaving other numeric elements as is .
2644: A simple R script to convert string into single quotes.  Code is used in conjunction with other functions like gsub() and
2645: This R script retrieves the adjanceny list of each cell type in cGPMS object and returns it as an un
2646: This R script finds the shortest word in an input string.  It splits by spaces and then applies 'ncharacter
2647: This is an implementation of linear interploation. It takes four points and one point to be inserted into the line between
2648: This is the implementation of Brook's method to calculate an integral over 𝑥 . The input x should be
2649: A simple R script to calculate the number of blocks in which an element is located. The row and col parameters are used as
2650: A simple implementation of the largest triplets product problem.  The input is an array and number 'N' which indicates how
2651: This R script calculates the maximum value of an input vector. It takes as its argument one numeric data set and returns
2652: This R script takes as input MIDI strings and returns the corresponding CSV data.  It splits each string into
2653: This R script is used to fetch the video muxtig specifications from configurations.  It takes as input configuration details and fet
2654: This R script checks if the system platform of execution environment matches either Linux or Darwin .  It returns TRUE when it'
2655: Extracts the UUID and version of an event message.  The result is returned as three elements vector with order - u
2656: This R script translates the coordinates of points from one reference frame to another. The translation is done by adding or subtracting
2657: Calculates the JACCARD similarity between two lists.  The result is in range [lowest possible value to highest
2658: This is the derivative of an arbitrary real number x, which equals to one minus square root in terms on input and output .
2659: Calculates the total number of parameters needed to train an agent. This includes both action and parameter vectors as well any gradients
2660: This is the wrapper of hA, it will convert angles to be between [-π , + Π] . It also
2661: This is the derivative of V with respect to EOS in terms eV/KJ . The equation was derived from an
2662: Function to check whether all characters in the input are ASCII or not – returns logical vector indicating which strings contain non as
2663: This R script defines the 'personalTopThree' method that takes in an input of student test score data and returns top three
2664: Split the input string into individual characters in each segment of path rules  .   The output is list with one element per
2665: A simple R script to generate coordinates in the form of string.  The input is two integers x and Y coordinate values which
2666: This is the implementation of an estimator based on bayesian inference. It takes as input data and two parameters representing signal strength &
2667: This R script converts slipy grid coordinates to TMS. It takes three parameters and returns the corresponding latitude/long
2668: A simple R script that creates an object named 'greeter' which returns greeting messages.  The message is based on
2669: Count the number of pairs that can be formed from an array. The pair is defined as two elements where one element comes first
2670: This R script filters out the trailing slashes from URLs.  If there is no / at end of string then
2671: This R script generates an integer vector from zero to the input number. It does so by using looping constructs in order
2672: A simple, one line version of the R programming language. This is used to generate an empty string with spaces repeated four times
2673: This script generates an index.txt that contains the information about all .srv and other sources to be used by hge
2674: This R script checks the existence and uniqueness or presence/absence status among different types within one dataframe object named "
2675: This R script defines the 'getDegreeOf' method that calculates and returns degree of nodes. It takes two
2676: This is the definition of an object that calculates and returns values related to optical properties.  The input parameters are N -
2677: A simple R script to convert shape names into ids.  For example "circle" becomes "#1".   This is
2678: A simple R script to convert seconds into hours, minutes or just the number of secs.   .   `time=
2679: This R script checks whether the input string contains 'two' in any case sensitive manner or not .  It returns either true
2680: This R script formats instances into the desired output structure by applying getattribute to each feature of an instance and binding them together in
2681: Create an R script that takes in the name of resource group as input and returns corresponding plan.  This is used to get
2682: Function to retrieve configuration value from either command line arguments or environment variables  .  ```    [END] Code Summary ```
2683: This R script converts the input string into binary format.  It replaces all open parentheses with 'one'
2684: This R script creates an object that contains default values of the parameters in input dictionary.  The output is then returned as one
2685: Convert FHIR practitioners to Meta format.  This is used in the conversion of patient records from one system or
2686: Function to change the console output's foreground and background colors. This is useful when you want your program outputs in
2687: Normalizes the content by removing leading and trailing whitespace.  This is done using two helper functions, one to remove
2688: This R script calculates the total of each element within an input record.  The result is returned as another vector with same
2689: This R script combines two CSS chunks into one HTML chunk. If either of the input strings is empty it simply returns that
2690: This R script defines an object that performs radiometer calibration using the Absolute Radiation Caliper method on input radimetric
2691: Function to generate HTML table from colored difference output.  Code is simplified and cleaned up by replacing tabs with spaces in the input
2692: Convert device coordinates to image pixels, normalizing them between -∞ and +infinity .   Code is used in
2693: This R script finds the shortest string in an inputted list of strings.  It splits each word into individual characters
2694: This R script defines the convolution operation on two dimensions of an image with optional padding and stride subdivision applied to it .
2695: Checks whether the given object belongs to class 'Estimators' or not . 1 line solution using R programming language
2696: A simple linear transformation of the input x to be within range [a..c].  The scale is determined by dividing
2697: Transform the predicate to its corresponding object name.  For example, dogs -> dog etc... . If it's
2698: Function that reads the mac adress of an ethernet network adapter.  If unable it will print out and exception message .
2699: Function to check whether or not the input is odd number of observations in dataframe row .   Inputs : A single numer
2700: This R script merges two dictionaries. If the same key exists both on one dictionary and another it will add their values
2701: A simple R script that generates an inclusively bounded integer sequence.  The start and the stop values are provided as input
2702: This R script defines the `getFilePath` and returns file name from given filename string or path with optional parameter to specify
2703: Compute Intersecting Area Ratio of two bound box pairs using IOU as the metric to compare them . This
2704: A simple implementation of the ReLU activation. It returns 1 if x is positive and zero otherwise . For negative numbers
2705: Validates the output of an error check and returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether all values are validated correctly  .
2706: This R script checks whether all the options are present or not. If any option missing it will throw an error message and returns
2707: This R script converts the input string of resources separated by commas into an array. It removes any leading or trailing
2708: A simple R script to calculate the minimum of two numbers and one number divided by half. The result is returned as an array
2709: Calculates the squred error between actual and predicted values. This is used to measure how well our model predicts
2710: This R script is designed to process the output of multiple web scraping tasks. It takes as input an object that contains one
2711: Function to check if the difference between two bearings is within an allowed range of +/-delta degrees . If it's
2712: A simple R script to calculate the squared value of an input number.   .    Example usage : `square = sq
2713: A simple command line utility that takes an input filename as its only parameter. It returns whatever comes after it in standard output,
2714: A simple R script to calculate the Least Common Multiple of two numbers.  The LCM is calculated by adding up
2715: A simple R script to calculate the padding needed in bytes between two addresses.  The result is returned as an integer value which
2716: Convert MAC address format.  Converts the input string into lowercase and removes colons from it, then returns that
2717: A simple R script to convert data types into their respective plurals.  For example 'person' becomes persons and so on
2718: checks whether the given number can be divided by any of prime numbers. If yes then returns FALSE else TRUE .   [END
2719: This R script defines the 'function' named "Round frequencies" that rounds numerics in dataframe columns to specified decimal
2720: This R script is used to delete all data from the specified source in cloudstorage  . The parameters are 'source' and
2721: This R script checks the user's input against an expected output. It counts how many numbers are correct and incorrectly placed
2722: This R script creates an object that limits the number of requests made to any given API endpoint by setting either or both request and
2723: This is the R script to generate subranks. This will be used in conjunction with other functions that handle rank
2724: Convert string to integer without commas in R .grep() is used here which searches the pattern within each element of vector
2725: A simple object that holds label and its corresponding values.  This is used to create an option in the dropdown menu of
2726: This R script makes the input integer odd by incrementing it. If already even, leaves as is and returns same number .
2727: Function to check if the first character of any word in list is present.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it finds
2728: Convert list of sentences into one long string.  Code is used to convert the inputted sentence vector and returns it as an
2729: Create an object that represents the nested structure of 'parameters' in JSON schema.  Parameters are used to describe how data
2730: Convert hexadecimal to integer in R  Code snippet that converts the input character vector of strings into an
2731: This R script calculates the relative gain in percentage. It takes as input two parameters graded and maximum grade which are used
2732: This R script adds unordered list elements to the end of given string.  It takes two arguments - 'adds'
2733: This is the length of input string.  It removes tilde character from names and returns its count in characters . This
2734: This R script calculates the Leißer constant of integration using an indexed term in series expansion formulae, which
2735: This is an implementation of the average time difference between successive elements in vectorized manner . The input to it should be numer
2736: A simple R script to convert all lowercase characters in the input string into upper case letters using builtin functions .  This
2737: Function to retrieve value from configuration.  If attribute is present it returns its corresponding values else throws an error message indicating that no
2738: checks if the node has attribute 'nodetype' and its value type equals to character.  This can be used as
2739: Calculates the mean temperature in degrees Celsius from two temperatures readings of daylight time .   [1] Code
2740: This is an R script that checks if the given coordinates are within specified bounds.  It takes three arguments - two points and
2741: Calculates the volume of stacked cells with given number and cell voltage .   Inputs : Number Of Cells , Cell
2742: Create markup image link from file name. This is useful when you want to embed images in your README or
2743: checks if there are lost or missing positions in the given list of position objects.  Returns TRUE when at least one is found
2744: Normalizes the hues of transitions to be between -96 and +48 degrees in steps . This is useful when
2745: Calculates the Kullback–Leibler divergences between two distributions.  This is used to measure how much
2746: This is an R script that generates the condition to check if cell value falls within specified range.  It returns list of conditions
2747: Function to check whether the input temperature string can be converted into numeric.  If it cannot, returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE
2748: This is the acceleration calculation of ship.  It subtracts gravity and drag forces from total thrust to find out how much
2749: Checks if the variable name contains an underscore.  Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it does/does not contain
2750: This R script parses the 'URI' from each item in an input list of Spotify playlists.  It uses
2751: Function to generate chart with scores from the given input vector of ratings in different categories . The output is returned as an object that
2752: This is the R script to generate tar ball name.  It takes package and its corresponding versions as input parameters .   The
2753: This R script defines the 'minimum' of two numbers or vectors in case one number/vector does not exist; otherwise it
2754: This is the implementation of an efficient algorithm to calculate rate per period.  It takes in two parameters - 'periods'
2755: A recursive implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find Greates Common Divisors.  The input parameters are two numbers
2756: This R script builds the version number from given string.  It removes any trailing -* characters in inputted strings,
2757: A simple implementation of the Logistics Map algorithm as described by Hastings and Turing on page347 . The
2758: A simple R script to generate colored terminal output.  It uses escape sequences and the 'emoji' package in order
2759: Computes the Maximum Mutual Information between two texts. The mutual information measures how much one can infer from another by using
2760: A linear interpolation of two values based on the parameter 't'. The result is an intermediate value that lies within both input
2761: This R script defines an intersection of two blocks in the form [start end]. The first block is considered to start at '
2762: A mapping of keys to their respective values.  This is used in the creation and manipulation process, such as converting between
2763: Function to check if the input string contains only digts and dots.  If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .
2764: Function to check if there is any data in the 'Volume Attachments' column of given dataset.  If yes,
2765: This program takes an input sentence and returns the same string but with each 4th character of every two characters reversed.
2766: A simple R markdown file generator.  It generates an anchor link in the form of '[rST Anchor](
2767: A simple wrapper around paste to add word boundaries.  It'll be used in the context of regular expressions and string manip
2768: This R script generates sequence of numbers from zero to ten hundred with step size equal arg. If no argument is provided it defaults
2769: Interpolates between two numbers based on an amount of the other number's value  [Function] . Parameters are
2770: This is the linear interpolation of two points in 3D space. The formula used here calculates an intermediate point between
2771: Function to extract id from an object.  If the element contains 'ID' or its name is "Identifier", it will
2772: This R script calculates the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints and another endpoint in parameter form as input parameters
2773: This R script converts the phased base qualities to their corresponding ASCII characters. It uses an array that maps each character
2774: Convert list to vector. If the input is not one level deep, it will be flattened into its constituent elements
2775: This is the definition of an inverse gamma distribution.  It's used to generate random variables following inverses Gaussian distributions
2776: This R script generates an unique identifier based on the description of assets. This is useful when you want to generate URL
2777: This is an R script that defines the 'e' dummy data generator. It generates random numbers based on input values,
2778: This R script formats time in seconds into hours/minutes and the remaining second. The output is formatted as 'HH :
2779: This script removes all leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  It also replaces multiple consecutive spaces with single
2780: This is an R script that does nothing. It checks whether the input argument 'is not null'. If it isn’t
2781: This is an R script that generates mock data to test blackberr apps .   The url and requests are not used in
2782: A helper to generate error messages.  This is used in the context of testing and debugging .   The message will be
2783: This R script generates the list of files with specific extension from given directory and subdirectory .  It uses regex to match these
2784: Function to add two numbers. Code is used as an example of how functions can be defined in R and then called with arguments
2785: This R script calculates the cost associated with selling goods at increasing media costs based on their overall sale price and quantity sold,
2786: This is the main purpose of 'sir' in R. It narrow down and normalize data by removing outliers
2787: Adds the given line to an existing file or creates it as one.  If `content` argument provided then adds that
2788: Function to check if images need distortion.  If none of the parameters are zero then it returns true otherwise false . This
2789: This R script converts all lowercase letters to their corresponding capitalized versions. It does so by iterating over each character
2790: This R script deletes duplicate entries from the input vector.  It does so by checking each element of 'input' against
2791: Compute the first four moment of an array. The fourth order central limit theorem is used to estimate these values from data with
2792: Convert the given input into boolean.  If it is true or yes, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .    Example usage :
2793: Create an HTML link.  Inputs are the URL and Text to be displayed in anchor tag . Returns string with formatted as
2794: A solution to check whether two strings are Anagrams or not using character frequency count approach with the help of vectors and loops
2795: Calculates the reciprocal of EPMI score based on two lists and dictionary provided as input parameters to calculate similarity between
2796: This R script implements the functionality of finding minimum and maximum values in an array.  It takes three arguments - two defining bounds
2797: This R script checks whether all required arguments are provided. If not it throws an error message and returns false otherwise true .
2798: Normalizes the entities of an input list. It converts entity types to standardized ones such as Person, Location etc.,
2799: This R script checks the first element of ranking and returns “one” only when it is greater than or equal to three
2800: Generates the list of backend terraform variables files to be used in terraforming process  . The generated file names are
2801: This R script builds an SQL JOIN clause from the given source names in one line using "sprints" and pastes
2802: This R script checks the presence of keywords within text descriptions using regular expressions .  It is case insensitive and can handle multiple
2803: This R script converst text into the equivalent phonetic representation.  It replaces numbers with their corresponding letters in English al
2804: This R script returns the last part of an URI.  It removes any leading or trailing slashes and splits on
2805: A simple R implementation of the formula to calculate 3D volume from two triangles. The input is three points in space
2806: Remaps the input vector 'X' from its original range to an output value in specified min/ max.  The mapping
2807: A simple implementation of the Nearesr Square algorithm. It finds out which square number is closest to given input, and returns
2808: Create an R script that takes in numerics and returns the appropriate wording based on whether it is ‘one’ or
2809: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor. The gcf() is calculated by finding out which number in pair has
2810: This is the default rate of change calculation method used by all mortality functions in R, which returns zero as it's
2811: This R script removes all occurrences of the specified character from an input string or vector  . This is useful when
2812: Remove quotes from string values in R data frame or vector  .  ```R ```    Inputs : A character/
2813: This is the implementation of "middle" in R. It takes an input vector and returns its second element to last one using
2814: Get the usage examples of ping service with specific parameters  .  ```R ``` R Code to generate an API documentation file
2815: This is the scatters of 10% raw data points from pivot table. It's used to calculate
2816: This R script computes the Precisions of an algorithm.  It takes two arguments - numberOfTruePositive and Number
2817: A simple implementation of the epsilon value in R, which is used to avoid division by zero errors when computing derivatives and approxim
2818: Convert bounding box coordinates from API format to standard XYXY.  This is useful when converting between different coordinate systems or
2819: Convert input string into lower case.  Code is used in the context of data cleaning and transformation tasks where we want our dataset
2820: Get the title of an API.  Input is expected to be in format .json or jsonlite::fromJSON()
2821: checks if the input object pipeline belongs to sk learn's Pipeline Class  . This can be used as an alternative way
2822: Normalizes the input vector.  Input is expected to be in terms of cosine similarity between two documents or word embeddings
2823: checks whether the input string 'ver' represents valid version number or not . This check includes checking that it has exactly
2824: A simple R script to calculate the perimeter of triangle with sides length 'c', and two other side lengths as input parameters
2825: This R script builds an arbitrator id. The input parameters are the message type and two identifiers - one from each
2826: A simple conversion from numeric value 0 or any other nonzero integer into boolean. If the input is zero, it
2827: This R script parses the input features into an object that can be used in further processing.  The output is structured as
2828: Function to check whether the given coordinate pair lies within bounding rectangle or no  .   [END]    Code snip
2829: A simple Rectangle Perimeters calculation.   .    Inputs : width and height of the rectangle , Output is
2830: This script contains two functions that are used to generate the required fields. The first one is named "concatenation" and
2831: Function to check whether two dictionaries have the same keys and values on common elements only – recursive approach with list checking
2832: This is the first part of an algorithm to calculate sum from one number upto another. It's called "fx"
2833: This R script adds elements to the given 'features'. It looks up each element from "Feature" list and stores its corresponding
2834: This R script checks whether the input character belongs to Chinese characters. It does so by checking that its Unicode value falls within
2835: This R script is used to extract the job id from an SMRTLink analysis URL path  . The input should be in
2836: This R script adds line breaks to the input string.  It uses HTML tags "&lt;BR/ &gt;"
2837: A linear interpolation between two values based on the current step in animation or simulation time .  The global steps are used to
2838: This R script defines an anonymous or "inline" version of the 'detect' Bradyrkardian condition.
2839: This R script is used to generate an alignment of sequences. It takes as input the output from alignments and generates one long
2840: Function to retrieve the access type of catalog record  .   Parameters : Catalog Record object    Returns - The Access Type
2841: This R script controls whether to start playing, and what command is given by user in order not only starts but also continues with
2842: A simple R script to calculate the percentages of two numbers. The input is differentiated by 'difference' and returns
2843: This is an R script that checks if the input string contains any of "persons" or “people” , and
2844: Function to compute discount rate based on the price change and cost of production in an inventory management system .   [END]
2845: This R script parses an input list and returns the first element in it that is present within specified set of values .
2846: This R script defines the 'function' named "".  It checks whether there are any components that match with given name and
2847: A template to generate the values needed by follow document.  This is used when generating documentation of an API endpoint that needs additional
2848: ARI calculation of two sets.  The input is the ratio between number and length in one set to that compared with another
2849: Create an R script that takes in one word as input and returns the same string repeated with three exclamation marks.
2850: checks if the source directory has more than or equal to .8 of its total file count compared with all other directories in terms
2851: Checks whether the template string starts with space or not. If it does then returns true otherwise false .  [END OF
2852: This is an R script that generates VLAN ranges from the given begin and ending range of IP addresses  . The output
2853: Computes the dot product of two vectors.  Inputs are assumed to be scalars or numeric vector inputs and outputs
2854: Function to check if the given 'nexus' has local connectivity. This is done by checking whether "Next Hop
2855: This R script processes the input 'dict' into an ordered, unique list of names.  The output is then returned as
2856: This R script checks the input string to determine whether it contains either "pass", “fails”, and/or
2857: This is the quaternary time scaling. It scales up or down based on input parameters and returns an output value according to
2858: Normalize the data to have zero mean and unit variance using Z score normalization method .   "    [END OF SUMMARY
2859: This R script generates the names of columns in an input data frame that are used to identify geographical entities within it, such
2860: A simple implementation of the cubic Beziers curve.  The parameters are in terms where each point on bezierval
2861: This R script creates an object that lists all the class codes associated with each specified Department.  It takes as input two parameters
2862: Create an object to control the zoom level of charts.  [DataZoom]   .    Data Zooms are
2863: Convert sub model by value to Plain.  This is used when the data needs conversion from one format into another, such
2864: Function to determine whether an RSS feed entry has been commented on.  It checks the permalinks of entries and returns
2865: A simple R script that checks whether the input is within specified range or not . If it's null then returns minimum of
2866: Apply the rule x -> sqrt((double)(4 * powl[log, e](powf[(int),(
2867: This R script converts connection details into string format.  It takes as input an object of connections and returns them in the
2868: This R script checks if the input string contains 'VIRUS' in any case sensitive manner  . This is useful
2869: This is an implementation of the Round to Nearest Decimal Place rule in R programming language, which rounds numbers according …
2870: Function to get the length of either X or Y.  If an exception occurs during execution it will catch and report on that
2871: Add notification messages when author association not set and it’ll be 'First Timer'.  This will help new contributor
2872: This is an R script that applies gain scaling to the input data. It takes two arguments - 'data' and "ad
2873: Convert F to c  Function .   Input : Temperature in farenheight Output -> temperature converted into celcious
2874: Calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and square root.  Code is used to find out how much we
2875: Extracts the retriability of an exception object from its attributes or default to false when not found in either .
2876: A general formula to calculate the total of all numbers from zero upto 'N' with incremental value equal D. The
2877: A simple implementation of the right justify string.  It returns input as is if it's already justified enough to fit within
2878: This R script converts the input type to its corresponding numerics representation .  It uses an internal table of functions that convert
2879: Convert the given input in cm to meter. For example if you pass it as an argument with value of 'cm' then
2880: This R script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two pixels using Weighting Function based on their RGB values . The weight
2881: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers and returns it as string with up to eight decimal places .   [ ] Code completed
2882: This R script calculates and returns an estimate based on given parameters about how much specific species expresss within another one .
2883: This R script is used to extract variables from the theme object of an rmarkdown document  . The output will be in
2884: A simple R script to check whether the given year is leap or not.  It checks firstly by dividing it with
2885: Generates an array of types from the input string.  If there is only one element in list then return that single value
2886: Function to check if the birth year is valid according rules of ISO date format YYYY . Validates that it's
2887: A simple way to truncates text. If source is longer than specified limit then it returns initial part of string followed by '
2888: Creates an equivalent of the R 'ones' or similar functions in MATLAB that returns vector with all elements as
2889: Counts the number of ways to move n disks from one peg onto another using only as many moves on each disk.
2890: This is the key change to be used in trading. It returns an integer value based on what kind of action should take next
2891: This R script calculates the start position of reads from alignments. It takes as input two parameters; one is an array
2892: This R script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using their coordinates and an array of other point's
2893: This is the implementation of division operation with floor rounding up in R language . It takes two arguments and returns their quotient
2894: Calculates how long it takes to get on and off at different stops of an autobus .  The input is two
2895: This R script reverses the string. It takes an input of type character and returns it as output after being processed by taking
2896: A simple R script that takes an input name and returns it as output.  This is useful when you want to use the
2897: This is the R script to fetch build environment.  It checks whether it's production or not and returns appropriate string based
2898: This R script generates an appropriate name of the .Rd file.  It takes as input two strings - 'package'
2899: This R script fixes the URLs in an input string. It replaces "and" with "%21".  Code
2900: Calculates the distance between two vectors. The result is squared Euclidean norm of difference vector .   Code length : x
2901: Create named lists from string and values.  The input is split by comma to get the key/name of each element .
2902: A simple implementation of the Quadratic equation.  Given three coefficients 'A', returns y value when x is given
2903: A simple R script to calculate the rounded price.  The input is two parameters - 'Price' and an integer specifying
2904: This R script counts the number of selected calendar instances. It takes as input an object containing multiple Calendar objects and returns their total
2905: This R script generates the list of contexts from mentions in an input dataframe .  It filters out all non present choices and
2906: Convert string to float  Code snippet that converts the input item into numerically representing its value in decimal form,
2907: This R script calculates differences between two vectors of equal lengths.  It checks that both input arguments are arrays with identical sizes
2908: This R script calculates the rotation of an angle in degrees based on its difference from zero or not more than three times one
2909: Function to check if the input string or vector of strings are blank.  Returns TRUE when empty, FALSE otherwise .   Input
2910: Parses platform information from the input lines.  Input is expected to be of format 'key : value'. The output
2911: This R script calculates the number of false positives. It takes two arguments; true positive and actual rank . The formula
2912: Calculates the difference between two points in 6D space using Euclidean distance and an error margin of 'epsilon'. The
2913: Calculates the binomial coefficient "choose" or number of ways to choose 'r' items from an unordered collection
2914: This R script defines the 'function' named "RISK" that takes in an input parameter, which is assumed to
2915: This R script converts time in secs to hh mm ss format. It takes an input of total number or second
2916: This is the R script to calculate percentages of submissions in each category and return them back with their respective categories .
2917: This R script implements the 'induce' method to introduce soft constraints into an optimization problem.  The constraint is that when
2918: This R package provides functions to load shared libraries.  It can be used in conjunction with the .libPaths() method
2919: This program calculates the maximum number that can be obtained by adding up to 'n' numbers. It starts with n and
2920: This R script defines an anonymous or named S4 object that strips the unit of data in input vector/matrix and returns it
2921: Create an object with basic community details.  This is used to create the initial state of communities in our application .   Community
2922: This R script checks the number of unique elements per line. If all characters are distinct from each other on that particular word then
2923: This R script is used to convert an integer into string with leading zeros upto 9 digits, and also returns
2924: Convert platform number to string. 1st digit is always zero padded with leading zeros upto six digits long
2925: Function to compare two strings and determine which one is bigger than the other in terms of lexicographical order or alphabetical
2926: This R script selectively extract the specified data from an input vector of strings.  It checks each string within provided lists and
2927: This R script removes punctuation and digits from the inputted strings.  It uses regular expressions to identify characters that are
2928: This R script checks whether the given longitude and/or Latitudes are within China's boundaries or not . The coordinates
2929: This R script is used to extract the path of an ArcGIS layer object or string identifier . The input can be either character
2930: Remove leading and trailing spaces from the inputted strings.  This is useful when you want to compare two or more pieces
2931: Convert the inputted comma separated strings into list format.  For example "apple , orange" would return [" apple",
2932: This R script normalizes the name of players. It removes special characters and spaces from names to make them suitable as file or
2933: This R script replaces the lines of an input vector with another string. The replacement is done based on each element's
2934: This R script generates an attachment to be used in Slack's Incoming Webhook feature when new members join organizations on
2935: This is the definition of an operation that takes two arguments and returns their quotient. The first argument represents normal force while second
2936: Convert string input into logical type using R's built in functions and classes .  Converts character inputs that represent true
2937: Convert underscores into stars.  Replace double underlines with single ones in the input string .   The output will
2938: Wraps the given object in an appropriate blinking cursor.  If it is of Map or Rectangular types then
2939: A simple R script to generate the count in English.  For example, given input '3', it will return output as
2940: This is the momentum of an object. It calculates and returns its total velocity in one dimension only if it exists otherwise NULL
2941: This R script generates the rotation matrix to go from one point in space into its home position . The input is two coordinates of
2942: This R script retrieves the history of an object in JSON format from its parent's .RData file – or
2943: A simple test to check if the request object has an id and name attribute. If not it returns FALSE with message "No
2944: This R script checks whether the input vector 'x' forms an arithmetic progression. A sequence of numbers in which each
2945: This R script generates the variable list from an object of type "fits" or other similar objects.  It excludes variables
2946: This R script is used to generate destination directory path based on inputted 'libary' name  . It checks whether an
2947: This is the square length of 6D vector. It takes in an input as six elements, each representing one dimension and
2948: This R script is used to convert the input string into an HTML source wrapped in pre and codes tags .  If no argument
2949: This R script is used to calculate the initial lock expiry time.  It takes two parameters - block number and set timeout
2950: Function to check whether the reference alleviation is shared among querying samples. If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE . The
2951: This is the R script to generate an expression that splits entries in which.entry vector into different parts based on their indices
2952: Function to remove quotes from string values in R language   .    Code snippet that demonstrates the use of it with some
2953: A simple number generator that checks the length and ranges between 9 to  4 digits in numbers, with leading zeros
2954: This R script converts the curly braces in string to double square ones.  It is used when dealing with JSON
2955: Create block option from template.  This is used to generate the options in dropdowns and other user interface elements that require
2956: Normalize distribution of data points in R  Code snippet to normalise the given vector or matrix by dividing each
2957: This R script splits the input timestamp into its components and returns them in an ordered list of integers .  The output is
2958: This R script replaces all double quotes with escaped ones. It also does the same thing but in single quotation marks instead
2959: A simple R script that returns "Ping!". ---> Code Summary : Ping the user and get their input
2960: This is the difference between two vectors. It returns an error if any of them has less than three elements or different lengths are
2961: checks if the input value can be considered as an integer. This includes checking whether it's numerically positive or
2962: Converts the given time in secs to hours minutes and second format with millisecond precision .    Input : Second count
2963: This R script converts genetype characters to numerics. AA -> 3; Agree/Disagrees
2964: This R script checks if the input value can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly  .    Code sn
2965: This R script is used to generate the URLs of search results on an index page.  It takes as input two parameters
2966: This R script calculates the relative difference between two datasets and checks if it is within one significant figure. It returns TRUE when
2967: This R script handles the results from an API call. It takes as input, and returns only certain fields of data that are
2968: This R script converts the input string to its corresponding degree.  It uses an IF/ELSE statement and returns specific
2969: Construct pattern to match the given parameters.  Parameters are matched by their names in regex format . e,g., (?
2970: Convert all the timestamp values in an R profiling object to relative time.  This is useful when you want your data analysis
2971: Set the R package download and install timeouts in seconds, or return current value of packages' downloads/installation timout
2972: A simple implementation of the easeInOut easing effect in R using quadratic functions and cosine interpolation, similar to how
2973: This R script captures the current size of threads in use.  It sums up all pending data and adds it to total number
2974: checks whether the given id string has three components separated by colon. If all of them are not empty then it returns true otherwise
2975: A simple R script to format price as currency in the console output  .    "%.01" is used instead of
2976: This R script defines the conjugates of four variables in one step.  The input is an array or vector containing these values
2977: Convert the given data type to corresponding CL equivalent.  If it's unsupported, returns NULL and prints error message with
2978: Funcion que valida si el código de aplicación es un mismo o diferente al del discurso indicado en la
2979: Calculates melt rate based on temperature in Kelvin, and pressure at sea level of ice caps as input parameters . The
2980: This is the definition of an R script that converts chemical symbols to their corresponding atomic numbers.  It uses lookup tables and
2981: This R script generates the name of an object. If it is preceded by "@@" then remove these two characters from
2982: Create search criterion based on HTTP request headers . The criteria are created by concatenating two strings with ':' separator between them
2983: Convert all the lines in text to space separated.  Example "hello how" -> hello   How . You ?
2984: Function to convert number into percentage string with sign and decimal point  .   Example usage : print("36" + "
2985: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate distance between two points in space. The input parameters are three lists representing coordinates and
2986: This is the filter bank used in the FarID system to detect and correct errors from accelerometer data . The filters are designed
2987: This R script generates the first n points from each segment in an input list of Segment objects.  The output is another
2988: This is the first line of our program. It defines an R script that takes in one argument, well and returns its opposite
2989: This R script cleans the filename by removing extension from it .  It takes as input one string argument and returns its base name
2990: Create an anonymous feedback system that saves user's answers and gives them responses based on their inputted data .  [1
2991: A simple R script to calculate the dot products of two vectors. The input is assumed as numeric vector and output will be
2992: This is an R script that calculates the maximum number of parts hobbyists can create. The input parameters are old part
2993: This is the main part of an algorithm that calculates and returns x coordinate to be used in centering text. It takes
2994: This R script sets the libVIRT start parameters.  It is used to disable both 'autoStart' and "
2995: This R script updates the Oktavia settings. It takes an existing set of Oktava Settings and modifies it
2996: This functions checks if the prices of three stocks are stable. It returns TRUE only when all differences between consecutive pairs in stock'
2997: A recursive maximum finder that can handle lists of any depth and with numerics or null values in the input data set
2998: A simple R script to calculate the squared value of an inputted numeric.  Input is taken as argument and output
2999: Converts the input number of sec into hours minutes and second format . e g., "14" will be converted
3000: Checks if the action of an object in 'policies' dataframe contains either "GET" or “LIST
3001: This is the R script to convert alternate weekdays into regular ones.  It takes an input of altWeekday and returns
3002: This R script is used to extract the short version of an inputted software frameworks' versions in string format and convert them
3003: A simple R script to calculate the Hamming distance between two strings. It counts how many characters differ from their corresponding positions and
3004: Counts the number of seats that are occupied in an array representation  .   ##    Input : A two dimensional character
3005: A simple R script that calculates the mean of two numbers. The result is printed and returned by an anonymous user defined functions
3006: Calculates the finessey of an object.  The calculation is based on its full range speed and width at which it
3007: This is an implementation of the Gamma distribution encoding and decoding functions, which are used to encode data into another form that
3008: Function to extract filename from URL using regex and g sub command in R . The input is the full path of file, it
3009: This R script filters rows in the input string that start with "<<" or not.  It checks whether an empty row
3010: Convert an atom object to string.  This is used in the R scripting language and can be called from within other functions
3011: Convert numerics into CSS length units, e..g 10px -> 3em; " . $thisObject
3012: Calculates the semi major axis of an ellipse. The formula is derived from ECCENTRICITY and PER
3013: Convert JSON keys to string format in R  Code snippet that converts numerics and data frame column/names with
3014: A recursive implementation of the "sum" operation.  This is used to calculate an integer's factorial, which
3015: Convert sentences to tokens. This is done by splitting the sentence into individual word/token components and returning them as list of strings
3016: Function to check if the point is within bounds.  The parameters are coordinates and margins around those points which define their boundaries
3017: This R script cleans the input file name by removing any extension and appending " - melody". It then returns an output
3018: Function to compute the percentage change in stock prices.   .    Inputs : Current and Ago Price of Stock , Output
3019: This is the process of extracting entity type from Chinese literature.  It takes in data frame d and returns an object that
3020: A comparison operator that returns -  when the first argument is less than second. Returns +when both arguments are equal and same
3021: This R script calculates the average speed and angle of two tracks. It takes as input right/left speeds from one or
3022: This is the division of two numbers and returns 1 when denominator equals to zero else it will divide num by Denomin
3023: Functions that normalize loss names.  Returns the input string with 'Loss' removed from end of it, and
3024: This R script converts an integer vector into string representation.  It takes two arguments - the list of integers and index to
3025: A simple R script to generate slide body text. This is used in conjunction with the presentation package of ggplot and other
3026: This R script converts an integer into its corresponding string representation. For example, “get\_sx\-e\
3027: This R script parses the response from user input. It converts all inputs into lower case and checks if it is one
3028: This R script converts the input dataframe into an array of strings. Each string is one line from original dataset with all
3029: Calculates the power consumed by feed motors.  Inputs are volume of water fed and average density ,gravity constant &
3030: This R script generates span tags with the given descriptions. If no input is provided it defaults to HOME .  The output
3031: This R script defines the 'getSentiments' to determine sentiment based on textual data inputted into it, with
3032: Function to convert an integer into hexadecimal string.  Input is the RGB value of any valid HTML/CSS
3033: A simple R script to calculate the square footage.  The input is assumed as 'side' and output will also show
3034: Async format model.  Convert the input string to lowercase and split it into individual components using underscores as separ
3035: This R script is used to cross check the user' saved and shared private/public  projecct with their
3036: This R script generates the total memory available on each NUMA node. It uses Ansbile' sockets to get
3037: This R script cleans the ids in dataframe by converting them to numerics or returning NULL when they are null  .
3038: This R script checks if the input string is "TRUE" or equivalent. It removes white spaces and converts all characters into
3039: This R script generates the center atoms of each type in different types.  It is used to get atom names that are common
3040: This R script counts the number of elements present within an input vector. The name "probe" is used to refer specifically towards
3041: Converts the input color value from SRGB to linear space using an approximation formula based on whether it's less than
3042: This R script compares two numbers to see whether they are equal within an absolute difference of 0. If the differences is
3043: This R script checks whether the first dictionary contains all keys and values of second one.  If not it returns FALSE else TRUE
3044: This R script converts the input string to lowercase and replaces all occurrences of '(' with an o.
3045: This is the binning of minutes into 1, .49 and below or NA depending on input value val; it
3046: This R script calculates the average of each element in three different ternary lists.  The input is expected to be
3047: Replace all occurrences of specific numbers with new ones. This simple R script replaces the specified term/number pairs
3048: A simple solution to the problem of climbing stairs with minimum costs. The input is an array representing different possible ways one can climb
3049: checks if the unique together constraint in model signature changed.  This is used to determine whether an update of metadata or column definitions
3050: This R script cleans the input string to extract just domain name from URL.  It removes http or https prefix and also spl
3051: A simple implementation of the Manhatten distance formula.  It takes two pairs or vectors as input and returns their respective distances
3052: A simple R script to find all the factors of an input number. It uses looping and modulus operator in order not
3053: Function to check if the given number is within an acceptable range. ...} %>% filter(!is._na
3054: checks whether the input object has components separated by "." in R language  Code snippet that defines an anonymous or named
3055: checks if there are .FLAC file in the given directory. ...   ## Code ends here ...    return
3056: Function to check if the input is within range of possible temperatures in Kelvin  .   Inputs : Temperature value
3057: Function to generate provenances records.  .   Parameters : Attributes - dataset attribute details; Ancestral files ;
3058: A simple R script to retrieve an item from the given 'list' object.  It uses square brackets [] operator and
3059: This R script converts the format specifiers in string to their corresponding C equivalent.  It replaces %d, and
3060: This R script generates the details of an individual's samples.  It takes as input one row from dataframe and returns
3061: This R script converts the input list of strings into an array where each string is split by tab character and then recomb
3062: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two RGB colors.  This is used to measure color difference in terms of perceived brightness
3063: checks whether two vectors of weights are equal or one vector's weight values dominates another. If the lengths do match and
3064: This R script calculates the cost of electricity usage per day and week. It takes as input parameters daily kWh consumption in
3065: A simple recursive implementation of the Fibo sequence.  The first two numbers are preloaded as constants, and then
3066: This R script makes an ordination number. It takes in the input as integer and returns it with its corresponding suffix added to
3067: Function to check whether the input string represents an URL. 1/0 or TRUE / FALSE respectively based on its formatting
3068: Function to generate an INSERT many query.  The result of the operation is not affected by conflicts on conflict resolution strategy .
3069: Check if two given intervals overlap.  If they do not intersect at all then return TRUE else FALSE .   Disjoint means
3070: This R script defines an overlapping area between two boxes. The input is the coordinates of each rectangle and it returns its intersection
3071: This is an implementation of the ROIs in meters that are used to calculate area under interest rate curve .   Example usage :
3072: This R script finds the first number that appears only once.  It does so by finding all distinct numbers and then checking which
3073: Appends the string to an image tag.  Input is two strings - one being added onto another in order not only
3074: Subtracts two vectors. The first element of the result is difference between corresponding elements in input vector 'y' and
3075: This R script defines the 'multipy' matrix product operation between two matrices of equal size and returns their products as rows
3076: This R script generates the data structure required to plot toll paths on map.  The input parameters are 'Tolls'
3077: This R script calculates the effective annual yield of an investment. It takes two arguments; one is 'Interest rate' and
3078: This R script rearranges the rows of an input dataframe based on given index. The first row is moved to specified
3079: This R script returns the root of an irregular verbs.  It takes as input one word, and outputs its base form or
3080: This R script converts the input string into two parts.  The first part is extracted from '<' symbol and second
3081: Compare two tuples elementwise. If the lengths of both are not equal then returns FALSE else checks each pair and comp
3082: A simple mapping from quadrilateral coordinates to their respective letters. 0 = H, .76 = ~ ,
3083: This R script converts the input list of objects into an HPO term IDs vector .  The conversion is done by
3084: Wraps the input value within an interval. If it'll be outside of range [m..M], then adjust
3085: Initialize the state of an object with given properties.  This is used to create new skills or update existing ones in Sk
3086: Get the gateway address of specified interface.  [Context] is an object that contains information about available networks and their associated addresses
3087: checks if the input DNA string contains only valid nucleotides. This version of "isDNA" uses regular
3088: This R script generates an error message with the given field names. It handles cases where there are one, two or more than
3089: This R script generates the search parameters needed to make an API call.  It takes as input list of modelling objects and
3090: Calculates the padding size required to apply given convolutional/dilated convolutions. If same as output is used
3091: This R script checks whether the given filename ends with . tar gz or not – it returns TRUE when such an archive
3092: Function to retrieve value from the given 'Key' in an object. If not found it returns null  Code snippet
3093: Counts the number of ways to partition n items into exactly 'm' nonempty partitions. The restrictions are that each item
3094: A simple R script to calculate the failure rate. If no test cases are run then it returns NAN or "NA".
3095: Function to get the URL of an Application Gateay's Front End IP Configuration  . Parameters are SubscriptioN
3096: This script is used to get the data of scm members. It returns an object with items count and types as per requirement
3097: Computes the inner product of two vectors. The result is computed by multiplying corresponding elements from both input vector and then sums
3098: This is the setter method to update or create virtual file id.  It takes two arguments - 'Session' and "
3099: Checks whether the given path starts with 'https' or not. If it does then returns true otherwise false . This checks
3100: This is the coded version of an algorithm to calculate and return one value. The input parameter lengths represents three numbers, which
3101: Convert an array of colors in the rgb format to hsv and return as three separate values representing color's saturation &
3102: Function to check whether the message dictionary contains information about its related Stack Name or not  .  ```" }`'
3103: This R script computes the number of edges connected to each node. The input is expected as an adjacency matrix representation
3104: This R script builds the service URI based on given parameters – it replaces all slashes with tilde and appending
3105: Convert vertical bar characters to HTML entities. This is useful when you want your R markdown document output in an environment where the
3106: Generates sequence of integers from -n to +m with step size = 1. The range is determined based on the maximum
3107: This is the linear approximation of AAIC and Bic models.  It takes two arguments - an array 'x'
3108: Function to compute the number of transferring cities in an array. The first and last city should be different from each other;
3109: Remove all non-"."," "  , "-" and "["" ] characters from the input string. This is useful to
3110: Flattern nested lists into one dimension using recursion  .   Code snippet to test the above defined 'Flat
3111: checks whether the given number is an alternating digit sum. If it's not, then returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE .
3112: Compare two method names. If the first is less than second returns -1; equal to →returns zero ; greater >
3113: Function to calculate the bet profitability.  Inputs are total stake and potential winnings from betting on one event or
3114: Convert string input into numerics, and assigns numerical values based on the given strings in R programming language . The conversion is
3115: A simple R script to calculate the position of text in an object. This is useful when you want your data analysis scripts not
3116: A recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence. The base cases are defined as n<=0, and
3117: A simple R script to create an ODD number of boxes. This is useful when you want your data in the middle and
3118: Converts the standard deviation of Gaussian distribution to its reciprocal, ie., conversts from variance into precision
3119: This is the implementation of one line version. It checks if two points are equal in Y coordinate and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly
3120: A simple R script to generate the hash of each transaction in an inputted 'blocks' object  .   Block hashes
3121: Function to determine the shells of an atom. The input is in form ['a', 'b'] where "ab", or
3122: Safegaurd the base execution url with '/' appended to policies. This is used in conjunction of other functions
3123: A simple R script to return the title of an input.  It can handle concurrency and requests per second as well .
3124: Convert input to numerics if possible; otherwise return NULL or NaN in R . The conversion is done by the builtin
3125: A simple R script to update the global variable 'VERSION' with input parameter. This is useful when you want your
3126: A simple R script to check the type of input data and convert string values into numerical ones when possible  . Input
3127: A simple implementation of the GINI index. It calculates and returns an estimate value based on input labels vector, which
3128: This is the R script to calculate miles per gallon from liters of fuel consumed by car in one hundred kilometres
3129: checks if the current epoch number falls within an evaluation period.  If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE .   [END
3130: This R script defines the logical AND operator as an overloaded operation on two arguments of type 'Logic'. If both inputs
3131: This is an R script that checks if one specific Date comes before another in the format of YYYYMMDD or any
3132: A simple mapping of values from one range into another. The input is the list 'value' and two ranges ('to Min
3133: This R script combines all the inputted strings into one.  It does so by iterating over each string and appending
3134: This R script defines an object that maps regions to their respective latitude and longitudes. The map of the world can be
3135: A simple R script that prints "Hi" followed by the input parameter.  For example if you call `print_HI
3136: Function to validate and convert the input into an integer. If it's negative or zero then throws error message else returns converted
3137: Function to determine the color of player based on their id. If white then returns black otherwise it's returning whites colors
3138: This R script converts ANSI color codes to plain text.  It uses regular expressions and the \[\ x3
3139: This is the R script to determine whether guessed number matches with correct one. If they match then it returns zero otherwise subt
3140: Calculates the total loss factor.  Inputs are actual and ohm conductivity of an electrical conductor; outputs is their
3141: This R script converts numbers from “one” to the next in sequence. For example, input of 'A'
3142: A recursive implementation of the binomiial coefficient. It calculates n choose k using dynamic programming approach and returns it as
3143: A simple R script to generate date in the format MM/DD/{YY}  . The input is month and day
3144: Create an R script that formats the given time in minutes as HH : MM.  This is done by dividing
3145: This R script maps CSCC specific fields to common ones. It takes care of mapping the required and optional parameters from one format
3146: This R script checks whether the given package name matches any of several known patterns.  It returns FALSE when it finds one,
3147: checks whether the given object is an HTML Builder of sdoc class or not  . SRC : https://rdrr
3148: A simple R script to parse command line arguments. This is useful when you want your program/script can take inputs
3149: Function to extract the second part of split string in case it exists or return original input otherwise . e..g US ->
3150: A simple R script to check whether or not the number passed as an argument can be divided evenly by any integer. If
3151: checks whether the string only contains whitespaces.  If so, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .   [10pt]
3152: This R script converts the given input from levels to powers of ten in scientific notation, i., e.. . It takes
3153: This is an R script that allows you to set the HTTP methods allowed on CloudFront.  It takes in one argument
3154: This R script defines an auxiliary method that returns the complementary nucleic acid base of any given input. If no match is
3155: This R script converts nested dictionary into flattened one.  It recursively goes through the input dict and removes specified
3156: This R script calculates the value of Beta in an epidemic model based on given parameters such as Intraclass correlation
3157: This R script is used to generate the linear regression coefficients from .RData files in result directory and save them into csv
3158: A simple R script to convert RGB colors into hexadecimal.  The input is an integer vector of length two or
3159: This is the R script to perform scaling of three vectors.  The input vector and scalar are passed as arguments in order that
3160: A simple implementation of the quadratic equation. The input parameters are four numbers and returns two values which is equivalent to solving an ordinary
3161: This R script calculates the size of an object by padding and alignment. It takes into account different types that can be p
3162: Function to generate the id of an event that is considered as "positive" response.  This will be used in conjunction with
3163: This R script calculates and returns an integer result after performing multiple transformations on input. The transformation involves multiplying each step by
3164: This R script checks whether the string ends with three or four dots. If it does not end in these characters then returns FALSE
3165: Converts Farenheight to Celsius or Kelvin based on the input unit type . Input is temperature in
3166: This R script defines the 'blend' operation. It takes three colors and two scales as input parameters; it returns an
3167: This R script calculates the mean of an array. The input is expected to be numbers and it returns their rounded value as
3168: This R script converts the input to boolean. If it is true or yes, then returns 1 otherwise false .
3169: Clamps the given 'minimum' and maxiumum values. If input is less than min then it returns Minimum else
3170: A small R script that finds the minimum of three numbers.  It takes in two arguments and returns their least value .
3171: This R script defines three functions to calculate cubic polynomial interpolation. The first one calculates the value of an nth degree
3172: This is the default set of keyboard shortcuts. It allows you to split panes in your current profile and switch between them
3173: Calculates the Chi Square statistic of 3 outcomes with given probabilities and frequencies. The formula is derived from Fisher'sc
3174: This is the main routine to convert bounding box coordinates into YOLO format.  The input parameters are min and max
3175: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns absolute value between two numbers.  It uses subtraction to
3176: This is the implementation of an online learning algorithm to learn Q values.  It takes in reward and updates q value based on
3177: A simple R script to check whether the input number is even or not. The output will be 'odd' / " Even
3178: This is the Lande generator. It generates random numbers following an arbitrary distribution with given parameters and scale factor .  The two
3179: This is the first step in creating an ensemble of models. It takes as input two vectors - one with initial features and another
3180: This R script checks whether the input is valid PEM certificate.  It does so by checking that it starts and ends with
3181: Generates the key using HTTP GET request  .} %>%" ,,,,"" ) -> 1048
3182: Generates an SSH task to get the last 36 lines of Docker container log. The details are passed as input
3183: This R script removes the specified values from an input vector.  It does so by creating and returning another version of original data
3184: This R script creates an extraction of the third element from each list object.  It does so by iterating over all elements
3185: Convert class name to Java style. For example 'com/mycompany' becomes '/MyCompany'. This is used in the
3186: Function to calculate the value of an exponential decay curve.  Code is written in R language and takes four arguments - 'X
3187: This is an R script that converts month names to their corresponding numbers.  It uses the ternary operator in combination
3188: A simple R script to calculate the NTH number in triangular sequence. This is useful when you want an easy way of
3189: This R script defines the 'bump' version of an application or library by incrementing major/ minor / micro versions respectively
3190: Convert seconds into millisecond. Code snippet that converts the input time in secodns, and returns it as
3191: Convert OpenGL coordinates to Google Maps API query parameters.  This is used when converting geographic data from one format into
3192: This R script extracts the extension of an input file name and returns it as string .e..g : "R",
3193: A simple R script that returns "hello" followed by the input parameter.  For example, if you call `say('
3194: Disable two factor authentication requirement on the user level in GitHub API v3  .    Code is used to check if
3195: A simple R program to calculate the Factorial of an input number. It uses recursion method, where it multiplies each
3196: A wrapper around print that allows setting verbosity level.  If the argument is TRUE, it will behave like normal printing but
3197: This R script is designed as an interactive prompt asking the users whether they want or not, scanning their own QR codes in
3198: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate 'y' based on input parameter "FCK". The value returned by y
3199: This is the gradient of linear regression model. It calculates and returns slope between two points in space . The formula used to
3200: This R script calculates the error rate of an algorithm. It takes as input one probability value and returns its complementary or
3201: This R script converts the given titles into lowercase and replaces spaces with underscores. It also removes any upper
3202: Calculates the overlap between two spans.  Inputs are vectors of length one or more with each element being an interval
3203: This R script generates the reverse of DNA sequence by replacing each nucleotide with its corresponding pair in terms on bases A=
3204: This R script is used to extract relevant information from the OpenWeatherMap API response.  It takes in an input dictionary
3205: This is an R script that checks if the given object has predict method.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it
3206: This R script converts DNA strands to their numeric equivalents.  It takes as input the string representation of an
3207: This R script creates an unioned EHR dataframe. This is done by joining the tables in ehrm
3208: This R script generates the string representation of genre list.  It takes as input an array or vector containing strings representing different types
3209: This is the yield calculation of an object in terms per unit area  .   Inputs are Fractional mass tabulation
3210: This is the definition of an anonymous R script that takes in one argument and returns its absolute value or negative if it's
3211: This R script calculates the incremental value of an element in vectorized manner.  It takes three arguments; 'eps
3212: This R script defines the min. temperature difference between hot and cold phase in an ideal gas equation of state model based on specific
3213: Function to convert numeric degrees into textual representation of the cardinal compass directions.  For example - north = ^N;
3214: A simple R script to replace ampersand characters with HTML encoded version.  It uses the built in 'grep'
3215: Calculates the mean longitude of sun in one Julian century based on an inputted year or centuary value . The
3216: This is an R script that modifies the 'beforeSend' hook in SENTRY.  It changes logger name from
3217: This R script provides the automatic parallelism options based on maximum number of machines and wall clock time available to run jobs in cluster
3218: This is the implementation of linear scaling. It takes an input value and scales it within given range to output values between two other
3219: This R script calculates the arithmetic average of an input vector.  It takes as its argument any numeric object and
3220: Get the type of Text to Speech engine used by TensorFlow.  [1 line] .get t ts typ
3221: A simple R script to fetch the data from different providers and returns it as string  . Inputs are 'provider' which
3222: This R script counts the number of simulation problem batchess required to solve all problems in one chunk.  The result is
3223: This is the TensorFlow scheduler that adjustes learning rate based on current training phase and total number of steps taken so
3224: This is an R script that converts the input string into integer list . This can be used to convert comma separated
3225: This R script defines the 'round up to power of two' functionality. It takes an input number and rounds it towards its
3226: Function checks whether the input string "TACOCAT" or any substring of it forms palidromic. It
3227: Checks if two intervals intersect.  If they do not return FALSE; otherwise TRUE .   Inputs are the start and
3228: This R script checks and fixes names that start with numbers. It replaces the first character of any string starting from number to
3229: Convert dictionary to AWS tags format.  This is used by the baws command line tool and other tools that require an array
3230: Create and manage events in the game.  Player one can play as "Jaimes" or any other name while playing
3231: This R script checks whether the input is valid or not. It returns TRUE when it's an alphanumeric string
3232: A recursion count is the number of times an object has been referenced by another instance in its environment, or indirectly through
3233: This R script converts dangerous labels into safe ones by replacing certain keywords with 'XX'. It also replaces dots and stars
3234: Finds conflicts between two sets of operations. 1st set is pulled and then compared with the second one to identify any
3235: Remove white spaces from strings in vector c('"', 'quick ', ...).  If input is null or empty, returns
3236: This is an R script that filters out non numerics values from the input vector and returns integer version of those numbers which are
3237: Convert all underscores to proper case.  Input is string with one or more word separated by an underline (_).
3238: This R script calculates the minimum steps to reach from one point on an infinite grid with maximum edge length equal or greater than
3239: checks if candidates are present in the list of protections.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly .   [1] Candidate
3240: This R script calculates the mean score of movies.  It takes as input an object 'Movie' with attributes movie
3241: This R script converts the input string to safe JSON format. It replaces backslashes, double quotes and carriage returns
3242: This R script cleans the URL by replacing all spaces with %.   .    Code is used to cleanse or validate an
3243: This is the Seliger profile.  It's used to generate uniform profiles in seligeR package .   eps
3244: This R script calculates the product of two vectors. The first vector is multiplied by an exponential factor and then with another
3245: This R script is used to swap the occurrence of two characters within source string. It does so by iterating over each character
3246: Transposes the inputted 3D array. This is done by taking each row of original data and converting it into columns
3247: This R script defines the scaling factor based on an input parameter 'Order'. The ordering of factors is as follows, from smallest
3248: Generates the JSON Schema of an episode object.  The input is configuration data that includes details about time and status values
3249: A wrapper around the R 'paste()'. The input is checked to see whether it can be converted into numerics or not
3250: This script sets up the logging configuration in arquarius package using R' s logger interface . The configures logs to be
3251: This R script is used to find the key in an object of class "Dictionary" .  It checks whether there are any
3252: Create an R script that takes in two arguments, creates and returns them as one string.  The first argument is the name
3253: This is an R script that computes the cross product of two vectors.  The input to it are 'U' and
3254: Calculates the margin of error in boilers.   Inputs are approximate and real measurements from different boilernames .
3255: Normalizes the string by converting it into lowercase and replacing all whitespace characters with underscores.  This is useful
3256: This R script cleans up the input string by removing all non numeric characters.  It does so using regular expressions to identify
3257: This R script extracts the origin of an URL by splitting it into its components and returning them in order as they appear on
3258: This R script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The input is expected to be
3259: This R script checks whether the input data frame has any rows or not .  It returns true when there are no elements in
3260: Converts the input list of numbers into boolean values. If first number is greater than second divided by third, it returns
3261: This R script generates double quoted strings from the given string if it is not empty or null; otherwise returns an emtpy
3262: This R script calculates the number of even numbers in an inputted vector. It then returns that count multiplied by one
3263: This R script checks whether the input is null or not and returns either its argument's original state when it isn’t
3264: This R script compares an entry with the given number and returns TRUE when they are equal; otherwise it will output FALSE or
3265: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns summed values from numbers divisible by either three or five
3266: Compute the phase error between two angles. If result angle is less than observation then subtract from it to get positive difference
3267: This R script sorts two input lists and finds the common elements between them. The output is also sorted in ascending order of
3268: A simple R shiny app to display an HTTP 406 not acceptable response. This is used when the client accepts
3269: This R script calculates the equivalent of diethyl ether in mg/dl based on number inputted by user . The
3270: Convert .locale files to source paths in the format of "<language>/LC_" + language name  Code is used
3271: This R script calculates the number of significant values in an input vector. It starts from end and keeps reducing until it finds
3272: Function to check whether the claims object has an organization id.  If not, it returns TRUE indicating that there is no org
3273: A Python Function to check if the given numbers are Pytagorenian triplets.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether
3274: Convert distance from km to pixels. This is useful when you want your plotting area in inches or centimeters
3275: This is the implementation of an Rpeak filter that filters out peaks in data based on their amplitude and location, with specific threshold
3276: This R script checks if the future head of an instruction is in hazardous.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether
3277: Create an object with CSRF token and other details.  Code is used to create the initial state of our application'
3278: This R script creates an object that extracts the first part of label names.  It does so by splitting on '.'
3279: This is the conversion factor from height to pressure. It takes into account that at minimum and maximum possible heights of an object in
3280: A simple implementation of the Euclidian distance between two points in 3D space using vectorized operations on R language
3281: Create an HTML collapsed content block.  Details are hidden by default and can be shown when clicked on the heading of that
3282: This R script converts all non alphabetic characters in the input string to lowercase and returns it as output .
3283: This R script defines an anonymous or named one line functions that takes in input and returns either the two genders ("males
3284: This R script returns the base classification of an object.  It splits on underscore and takes first element in resulting vector
3285: Convert dots to underscores in the inputted text  Inputs : A character vector of strings . Output -> The
3286: Average speed calculator.  Input two times and output the averages of speeds over those periods .    "Input"
3287: This R script is used to calculate accuracy of the model. It takes two vectors as input and returns its prediction rate on each
3288: This R script checks whether two sequences are equal within the given maximum allowed difference.  It converts both input strings to upper
3289: A simple login system.  This is used to log in users with their username and passwords, returning the loggedin status
3290: This R script generates an information string from the input data. The output is one long textual representation of all elements within each
3291: Create an HTML tag that wrap the input string in 'strong' tags.  This is useful to highlight important parts of your
3292: This R script calculates the percentage of residue similarity between two contigs. It takes as input an object containing information about
3293: This is the demo of products.  It returns either den, max or idwt depending on input type . If it'
3294: Create an R script that converts the input string to blue color. This is done by using HTML tags and CSS
3295: A simple division operation between two numbers in R language . The result of the dividing process will be rounded to nearest integer value
3296: This R script converts the inputted number of seasons into years. It subtracts two centuries from it to convert them
3297: A simple R script to generate different names based on the input value.  It can be used in data analysis or model building
3298: This R script converts the given file paths to their corresponding keys.  It replaces backslashes with dots and removes
3299: A simple R script to calculate the square of summation. This is done by taking two inputs and returning their squared sums
3300: This R script splits the input string into two parts - an integer part and its corresponding units such that it can be used
3301: This R script is used to get the tasks from configuration file.  It takes in one argument, which should be an object
3302: This is an implementation of the Stack Pixels algorithm. It takes two pixels as input and returns either one or both depending
3303: Setup the environment.  Code to be executed when using library() on an unloaded object or first time user calls .
3304: This is the implementation of an R script that clips values to be within specified range. It takes three arguments - lower and
3305: This R script generates an array of learning rates based on the input parameters epoch size and stepsize . The initial value is set
3306: Convert temperature from degrees celsius to fahrenheit  Inputs : degc -> Output is the equivalent
3307: Convert degree minute second to decimal. Function takes in three parameters - the number of whole days and hours part . It returns converted
3308: This R script converts backslashes to slash.  It is used in the process of converting file paths from Windows
3309: Function to check if the given string starts with "https" or not. This checks whether an inputted URL configuration
3310: Function to generate the URL of Corporations page in FNGuardian corpus data service  Code is inputted and
3311: Create an HTTP URL from Solarium's Credential object.  This is used to connect with the solaris server
3312: Returns the number and specified English noun as singular or plurality.  For example 'pluralizes' three fox
3313: This is the implementation of Diracs' algorithm. It generates pulses with specified frequency and delay in time domain . The output signal
3314: This R script calculates the closest angle to input from -pi/ofs upto pi. It takes an integer as
3315: Convert media type to string. 1 line only, no extra spaces or punctuation allowed except apostrophe in case of
3316: A simple R script to calculate the carbon steel's thermodynamic conductivities at different temperatures in Kelsvin degrees
3317: A closure is created by the combination of two or more functions. The first one takes an argument and returns another, which in
3318: A simple R script to calculate the curvature of an object.  The formula used is derived from Beam's law which
3319: This R script checks whether two numbers are both positive or either one is negatives.  It returns true when the second number
3320: A recursive implementation of the calculation factoria.  n is multiplied by its predecessor's result until it reaches
3321: A simple R script to perform arithmetic operations.  Subtraction operation is performed on two numbers and the resultant value
3322: checks if the input object s looks like series data frame with one dimension and no index or column names .  It returns TRUE
3323: This program calculates the maximum possible value of multiplying any two numbers from each subarray. The result is returned as an
3324: This R script checks whether two vectors have at least one member in the same.  If they do then it returns TRUE otherwise
3325: This R script calculates the maximum contact rate based on given parameters of distance and max allowed error in contacts between two particles or
3326: This R script converts the input time in hour format into float. It also handles cases where there are more than one full
3327: Function to compare two paths and determine whether they are different.  If the path is empty it returns true or false accordingly based
3328: This is an implementation of the unnest() R package in Python. It flattens nested lists into one dimension using list
3329: This R script inverts the direction of rotation. It takes an argument 'rotation' which can be either left or
3330: Function to calculate the percentage of one number out from another .  	Inputs : percent -> Percentage value ,
3331: This R script is used to convert the network structure into readable format.  It takes as input an encoded string and returns
3332: Convert an array of HEX values to unsigned integer in little endian format .   Inputs : data -> Array/
3333: A simple R script to perform arithmetic operations on two numbers – Subtraction operation .   Code length :10
3334: Transform bounding box coordinates.  The input is the original and new width/height ratios of an image in terms that
3335: checks the HTTP request and returns appropriate message.  [END] Code snippet that can help in debugging or understanding
3336: This is the main part of an actuation that applies force to one end or both ends simultaneously, depending on whether it'
3337: This R script checks whether one given large vector is subset of another.  It does so by checking each element from the small
3338: A simple R script to check whether the current time is zero or not.  If it's true then returns TRUE else
3339: This is the Lorenzen transformation of 3D data. It's used to convert three dimensional points into two dimensions
3340: This R script calculates the maximum width of any line. It takes as input an array or vector containing strings, and returns
3341: This is the distance from one side of an ellipse to another in terms on two dimensions using parameters m and b .
3342: This R script is used to find the attack and damage logs of an entity with specific id from log file .  It checks
3343: A simple R script to calculate the Dot Product of two vectors.  The input is expected as arguments and returns their product
3344: Create an Array Class from Type Name  Code snippet to create the class in R .   Inputs : type -
3345: This R script verifies the boot sequence of an assembly language program by executing each line in order and checking whether it has been
3346: A simple R script to generate the command line string with Kubernetes configuration file.  This is used in conjunction of other
3347: This R script converts the given UNIX time stamp into date and hour format using regular expressions .  The input is assumed
3348: This is an EC … . It checks if the resource type of AWS instance matches with VPCCONNECTION.
3349: This R script creates an id based on the name and teams.  It returns string with concatenated values of 'Name'
3350: Function to check whether test value is within the range of values.  If it's greater than or equal with respect its
3351: A simple R script that converts an integer into any given numerical system.  The conversion is done by repeatedly dividing the
3352: This R script defines the 'taxa' object. The taxa is defined as an element of list with two elements -
3353: checks if the measurement keys are available in our system.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether they exist . This is
3354: Convert text to numerics, or NULL on error  Code snippet used in the following functions and scripts . R script
3355: A função que retorna o tamnano da matriz.  [M] .   ## M
3356: This R script calculates the smallest prime factor of an input number. It uses trial division to find factors and returns it as
3357: Replace the specified condition in data frame.  If 'value' is found at given index of "Field", it repl
3358: Function to generate the URL of an NHL shift log report page based on given parameters – Season and Game number .
3359: Function to convert datetime object into Date format  .}`; ```"}}'}}});</script><style
3360: checks if the input string starts with "https" or not.  This can be used to check whether an object represents N
3361: checks if the data object has an attribute "_private".  If it does not exist or its value equals to FALSE then returns
3362: This R script removes non printables characters from the input string. It uses regular expressions to identify and replace these unwanted character
3363: This R script calculates the difference between square of sums and regular squares. It takes an input 'numbers' as argument
3364: Function to get the bands used in different sentiments.  Returns an object with keys correspondingly named as collection names and values
3365: A simple Rounding down operation.  Code takes two arguments; the number to be rounded and its 'factor'. The result
3366: A simple R script to determine the day of Week from any given Date in DD/MM / YYY  .
3367: Function to retrieve the appropriate "Help" messages based on user input.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that handle
3368: This R script is used to determine the scopes of an issue or pull request.  If 'ALL' are in any
3369: This R script calculates the sleep factor based on how many readings are left in an experiment and total number of scan back
3370: This is the CUEDA's implementation of an OpenGL shader detection. It checks whether or not to use GPU
3371: This R script defines the 'getRegion' method that takes in an input string and returns only region part of it.
3372: A simple R script to calculate the center of mass.  This is used in calculating centroids and other geometric properties such
3373: This is an implementation of the mathematical operation "scalar multiplication" using 'While' loop. The input number, which must
3374: A simple color palette generator. It generates an array of RGBA values based on the inputted number and type to create
3375: A recursive implementation of the digit count in an integer.   [END]   ```R ``` R Code to
3376: Function to convert review data into one line format.  Flatens the inputted reviews object and returns it in an easy read
3377: Function to check whether the given object has multifaceted signature.  It checks that it's of type pk
3378: Adds the new value of an element to feed.  Returns list with message and changes object .    Parameters : '
3379: This R script saves the string to specified location.  It writes it into an ASCII text format and returns its path if
3380: A simple R script to generate URLs from document names on Wikipedia  . The input is the name of documents and output are
3381: This R script checks whether two input strings are one edit distance apart or not by comparing the sorted versions of their characters and checking
3382: A linear interpolation between two points. The value of the first point is returned if 'U' equals to zero and returns
3383: Function to convert an IP address string into its numeric representation . The input is expected be of the form xxx..xxx
3384: This R script removes all leading and trailing spaces from the inputted strings. It uses gregexpr to find multiple consecutive
3385: Quantizes the data. This is an example of how to use it in R, but you can also apply '
3386: This is an R script that splits the input string into individual elements based on ":" character and returns them as list of
3387: This R script removes quotes from the inputted strings by replacing them with nothing using regular expressions and then returning it as output .
3388: A command to create symbolic links from one file or directory into another in R .  It takes two arguments - the source and
3389: This R script finds the longest sub string that appears as both characters of two input strings.  It does so by comparing each
3390: This is the cubic interpolation of an input vector 'X'.  It takes in one argument, X which should be numer
3391: This R script returns the HTTP request's METHOD as an uppercase string  .    Code snippet to test
3392: This is the R script to calculate square of each element in vector. It takes as input an object and returns summation result
3393: Writes the given character vector to an ASCII textfile.  Returns TRUE on success and FALSE otherwise . The path is
3394: This R script generates the list of path parameter names.  It iterates over all provided arguments and checks whether they are paths
3395: This is an R script that checks if the minimum value in 'distances' list falls below or equal to given cut off
3396: A simple calculator that performs arithmetic operations.  It takes two values and an operator as input parameters to perform the respective
3397: Convert an Epoch time in nanoseconds to seconds. This is done by dividing the provided value with one billion
3398: This R script defines the 'getNewCoordinate' method that takes in two parameters; an initial set of x and y
3399: A simple R script to find all the factors of an input number. It uses looping constructs and modulus operator in
3400: A simple R script to merge command line arguments with defaults  . The first argument is the set of possible options and their respective
3401: This R script builds the filters to be used when querying data from an online sports database.  The input is expected as
3402: Validates if the name of an item starts and ends with specified strings. If not it returns FALSE else TRUE . The validation
3403: Convert an integer to hexadecimal.  If the input is negative, it will throw error message "Number should not
3404: This R script calculates the sum of squares distances from origin to all points on an ellipse. The input is list
3405: Convert the input string to an integer.  If it is not valid then throw error message Invalid Input .   if yes convert
3406: This R script calculates the earnings of an employee based on basic earnig and gross income.  It subtracts div
3407: A dictionary that returns the value of an element from another dict or uses provided values as fallback when not found  .
3408: Calculates the square of Euclidean Distance between two 3D points. This is used to calculate distances in multi dimensional
3409: This R script calculates the number of years it takes to compile an object. It does so by dividing input timestamp into
3410: This R script removes line end characters from the data.  It is used to clean up text files that may have been created
3411: This R script generates the first 'N' prime numbers. The input to it is an integer N and returns that many pr
3412: Function to check whether the given longitude and Latitute are within specified boundaries. If they fall on datelines it will adjust
3413: This is the implementation of an algorithm to convert numbers into their binary representation in one line using recursion and string manipulation techniques
3414: A simple R implementation of the ceiling division operation.  It takes two arguments and returns their quotient after applying floor dividing
3415: Calculates the time delay from blackbody radiation to emission of an object in free space . The formula is derived by using Black
3416: This is the R script to extract data from 'parse' object.  The input argument "result" should be an output
3417: This R script generates random permutations of the first axis elements within each array. The number and type/structure are not considered
3418: This R script builds an ordered list from the elements of any input vector or matrix by unnesting nested lists into one dimension
3419: Function that returns the coordinates of an electrical component.  The input is two parameters - 'feed mapping' and either line or
3420: Convert the given number to float or 1/3 of its value in case it is not null; otherwise returns zero .
3421: Converts Eulers angles to quatrotnions using the formula of rotation matrix and trigonometric functions in
3422: Computes the Sloan'S drift correction factor. This is used to correct grounding errors in frequency measurements by using
3423: This R script calculates the length of longest prefix that both strings share. It does so by comparing characters from each string up
3424: A simple R script to generate the correct format of URLs based on provided parameters - http or https and standard/nonstandard
3425: This R script converts non BMP emojified characters to their equivalent Unix character. It uses the \U notation
3426: This is an R script that checks if two regions overlap. It does so by comparing the chromosomes and checking whether one
3427: Create an R script that takes in the list of student's first and last namess. It will return them as
3428: This R script creates an object named 'ft_yea' that takes in one argument and returns the year of creation.
3429: Normalize the method names. This is used in initializing node embeddings and other similar objects with specific prefixes like "
3430: This R script reverses the order of names in given string.  It takes as input one parameter - "Name" and
3431: Apply the given cryptographic algorithm to encrypt or decipher text. ...   ## Code ends here .<
3432: This R script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to identify spaces at both
3433: This R script defines the 'flattern' list. It takes an arbitrary number of arguments and flattens them into one
3434: Replace all occurrences of an item within the list.  This is done by replacing every occurrence with another value from
3435: This R script converts the distributed model's module name to its base form.  It does so by iterating over
3436: A simple implementation of the Babylonian method to compute square root. It uses an initial approximation as half its value and then
3437: This R script generates two filnames based on the input file name according to specific conventions of changing one extension with another in
3438: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated as maximum of minimum values among all pairs in both
3439: A simple linear regression model.  The input is x and the output y = f_(theta)(X). where X are
3440: This R script calculates the difference between two vectors and then squares each element of that vector. It finally sums up all squ
3441: This R script formats the input party names by removing case of and replacing parentheses with spaces in between them using regular expressions
3442: This R script calculates the number of times depth is greater than its previous value. It checks each pair and increments count
3443: Count the number of occupied seats in an m x n matrix. ...   ## Code ends here .    return
3444: This R script calculates the number of intervals between each element. It does so by multiplying an initial value with every new
3445: A simple Python script to test the observatories in R .  This is used by other scripts that need access and manip
3446: Split the input string into an array of substrings.  The delimiter is space (' ', which can be replaced
3447: Convert the first character of each word to upper case. The remaining characters are lower cased and concatenated together with spaces between
3448: This is the calculation of TF using given parameters and Salary data . The formula used here to calculate it, which includes
3449: A simple recursive implementation of the Fibo sequence in R language, with input validation and stopping condition to handle negative inputs
3450: A simple R script that converts between on and off states.  It uses the if else statement in r programming language .
3451: This is an R script that generates the bands available in each of sentient 9 band products. The user can specify which
3452: This is the mathematical model of spherical coordinates. It takes two arguments 'phi' and returns value in radians from one point
3453: Function to check if the vertical line is present in matrix. If yes then returns true else false . This checks whether there are
3454: This R script converts underscores and hashes to LaTeX format.  It is used in generating the documentation
3455: Function checks if string input "is palin" in R.  It removes all non alphanumeric characters and conver
3456: This R script reverses the order of all word sequences in an inputted sentence.  It does so by splitting up each
3457: This is an implementation of the tolower() method in R. It converts all upper case characters into their corresponding 1
3458: checks if the input k represents an event key press in R .  It returns TRUE when it's not null and string
3459: This R script calculates the average bias of an algorithm.  The input is two parameters - 'average' and "
3460: checks whether two types are an upcase of each other in R language .   Type checking and conversion between different numeric data
3461: This is an example of the full sky function that calculates how much energy in one direction can be lost due to scattering by
3462: Function that converts string input into bool. If the value is either 'T', ‘YES’ or true it
3463: A simple recursive calculation to calculate the number of year needed until we reach our target population. The initial condition is that there
3464: A simple R script to print colored output.  This is useful when debugging or logging in console applications where you want the
3465: Merge two sorted lists. If one list is empty then the other will be returned as it's not possible to combine
3466: Function to find the key of dictionary value.  If not found returns "Key doesnt Exist".    Inputs :
3467: A simple R script to check the validity of credit/debit cards using Luhn' algorithm . The input should always contain
3468: This R script is used to generate the path template of an object based on its name and type .  If no specific value
3469: checks whether the input value can be considered as writability of an object in R .  This includes checking that it's
3470: A simple one line R script to check the value is within given range.  If not it returns either max or min otherwise
3471: This R script converts the URLs in an external database into internal urls using Django iRODS server name and
3472: This R script is used to extract the name of log files from their full paths using regular expressions and converting them into lower case
3473: This R script handles the parameters of recon rule objects and returns them as dictionary format  .   [END OF SUMMARY].
3474: A recursive implementation of the classic "Acker's Function" in R. The result is not stored and only calculated
3475: checks whether the given domain or subdomain has unique DNS record.  This can be used to check that an FQD
3476: This R script checks if the sum of two numbers is evenly dividible by another number.  It does so using mod
3477: Create shallow copy of the given Rcpp::Node object.  This is useful when you want to create an independent clone or
3478: This R script replaces $ and . with underscore _ or period respectively from the column name of MongoDB collection using
3479: A recursion based solution to calculate Fibonacci numbers using memorization  Summary of the iterative version with no
3480: Remove query string from URL in R  Code to extract the domain name only, without any parameters or queries .   Input is
3481: A simple wrapper around the escape sequence to print bold and underlined text.  It's useful when you want your console
3482: Converts an ellipsis's rotation to the robot’ s y aw. 1st quadrant is positive
3483: Function to check and handle missing values in R programming language . The first argument is the input parameter which can be any type of
3484: This R script checks whether the given word is in left subtree of any node.  It does so by checking each character
3485: This R script calculates the cube of each input value and sums them up to give an overall condition score based on I
3486: This R script defines the 'lower' object that converts all characters in an input text to their corresponding ASCII values,
3487: A simple R script to check if the current time is an even or odd number. If it's not in between two
3488: This R script calculates the centroid of two 3D points. The input is an object that contains three moment vectors
3489: A simple one line version of the R script to reduce text length. It takes in an input document and returns it with each
3490: This R script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string, or returns an empty character vector when given null/
3491: This R script fixes the spiking network issues by converting all non lists to their corresponding vector representation and ensuring that each layer is
3492: This R script calculates the 6 elements of three vectors' Cross Product. The input is two matrices and it returns an
3493: Function to check health of Node server  .   -DOES NOT RETURN ANYTHING but checks whether or not
3494: checks if the input object's class name matches any of Packing Array types.  This can be used to determine whether
3495: This R script converts the Noller–Peres model to Zero Order Reduction form using an iterative process
3496: This R script takes in an input of labels and returns the names that start with "brower-" or not.
3497: This is an R script that calculates the Energy of EMC.  It takes two arguments - 'Mass' and "
3498: checks whether the given string starts with "$$" and ends after an integer.  If so, it returns TRUE; otherwise
3499: A regular expression pattern that matches the given string if it starts with one of several alternatives.  The alternative strings are separated by
3500: This R script converts seconds to minutes. It rounds the time in half and returns it as string with "minute" append
3501: Convert all characters in the input to their corresponding ASCII values and then convert them into upper case letters using builtin R functions
3502: This R script removes punctuations from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to identify and remove all non alphan
3503: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor.  Code is based on Euclid's algorithm to find G
3504: Computes the square of each element in vector 'x' and returns their sums.  This is equivalent to computing lengths^
3505: This R script generates the lowest version of TLS supported by an SSL/TCP protocol that is compatible with provided protocols list
3506: This is an implementation of the merging operation on two dictionaries. It takes in 1 dictionary as input which will be
3507: This R script defines the 'getSentiments' to determine sentiment based on score – positive, negative or neutral . The
3508: This is an R script that generates the spatial axe labels in case of multidisciplinary data analysis.  It
3509: Function to return the number of leaders in each broker.  Returns NULL if no brokering is done or not possible due
3510: This R script replaces the offsets of time zones in given string.  It checks if any specific pattern matches and changes
3511: Cheks whether or not object contains routes in its attributes/methods  [.][ ]   Code : checkRoutable
3512: This is the R script to generate cell names based on last report date and current timestamp .  It generates 'A' followed
3513: checks if the given string contains square brackets.  It returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it does/does not contain
3514: Flatens an array of arrays into one dimension. This is useful when dealing with nested data structures like lists or matrices where the
3515: This is the R implementation of an algorithm to calculate Inverse Brzystos's method. It takes two arguments;
3516: Computes the Levenshtein distance between two strings. This is an algorithm used to calculate similarity or difference of sequences by
3517: This R script calculates the energy of an atom in water using its reduced form potential .  The formula is derived from atomic
3518: Parse the line of text into an object that can be used to identify and extract information about claims in some form or another
3519: This R script makes the first part of parameter name.  It takes in an input vector and returns its initial element as string
3520: Function to check whether the input string contains at least one numerical character or not . If it does then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE
3521: This R script defines the 'reverse direction' functionality of an object moving in four cardinal directions, north/ south / east
3522: This R script converts km to meters. It takes an input in kilometers and returns the equivalent value converted into met
3523: This R script calculates the nth term of geometric progressions. The formula is used to calculate each subsequent number in sequence
3524: A recursive implementation of the calculation and storage capacity needed to compute n's Factorial. The time complexity is O((
3525: Function to check whether the given temperature and number of emitting neutron events are balanced.  The balance condition includes that both conditions
3526: This R script calculates the path length that is greater than or equal to some given factor of its current maximum. It does
3527: This R script creates an index of the relative importance or significance between two sets.  The input parameters are Nu and F
3528: checks whether the given filename points to an object compiled in MachO format (.dylib). This can be used as part of
3529: This R script is used to extract the path of uploaded files.  It checks whether an object in its argument has been passed
3530: This is the implementation of an absolute coordinate transformation. It takes two coordinates and shifts them by another pair in both directions . For
3531: This R script calculates the scale factor between two vectors. The vector x and/or ‘vector’ is used to
3532: This R script rotates the elements of an input vector to left. It takes in one argument, which is assumed as '
3533: This R script checks whether the input string is present within an array of given categorical values.  It returns TRUE or false
3534: This R script checks whether the last chunk of data in sublists matches with those present at end.  If it does match
3535: Check whether the given number is evenly divided by another. If yes, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE . For example :div
3536: Generates an id based on the number of elements in list.  The first element is assigned ID = 0, second one
3537: This R script converts DNA sequences to their corresponding mRNA sequence. It uses the dictionary of conversion from nucleotide
3538: A simple R script that performs division safely. If the denominator is zero it returns ‘zero’ instead of throwing an
3539: This R script calculates the specificty score of an algorithm. It takes two vectors as input and returns its own accuracy rate
3540: Convert magnitude to counts using the specified filter bank and calibration factor .}`; ```    },{code:"\n
3541: Function to return the weight of an enzyme kinetics data set based on its position in dataset . The weights are calculated
3542: Convert time stamp to seconds.  Input is in milliseconds, output as integer .}   ```R ``` R
3543: Calculates the checksums of NMEA sentences using R language and returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether they match with received
3544: This R script converts rectangular coordinates to polygonal form using the lower left and upper right points of each rectangle in an array
3545: This is an implementation of the exponentially weighted average. It takes two values and updates them with each sample taken to calculate their
3546: Create an R script that formats the name and content of each row in 'practice' dataframe. This will
3547: Convert image coordinates to world space.  Inputs are the same as in convertImageSpaceForDisplay . Output is two elements
3548: This R script checks whether the input number 'n' can be divided evenly into another integer without leaving any remainder or fraction
3549: A simple R script that asks the user to input two numbers and then multiplies them. The result will be printed out as
3550: This is the filter to be used in plotting. It checks whether column label equals 'Point Number'. If it does,
3551: This R script defines two functions to handle versioning of software packages and provides an easy way by comparing versions using the standard comparison
3552: This R script calculates the total number of bounce attempts and complaints made by each delivery attempt. It also counts rejecting
3553: Get attribute recursively from an object in R  Code snippet to retrieve the value of nested attributes within objects using dot
3554: Function to create dashbaord link from UUID  .   Inputs :UUID of the analysis    Output - DashBoard
3555: A helper method that sets the build status of an object.  It accepts three parameters - 'status', which can be either
3556: This R script defines the "get coordinates" of hexagonal grids. It takes two parameters x and ‘y’
3557: This R script calculates the orthogonal projection of one 3D point onto another. The result is an orthagonal direction from
3558: checks whether the link exists as an element of list.  If it does exist then returns FALSE else TRUE .   Inputs
3559: Sort VM instances by total disks size. This is an example of how to use the sf::sortVMInst
3560: This is the implementation of an anonymous vote power calculation based on karmas score in social media platforms, where users with higher
3561: This R script parses the input to determine whether it is valid or not.  It checks that its argument falls within range
3562: This R script calculates the F score of two vectors. The input is predicted and true values to calculate scores from; it
3563: This R script generates the key of an object by splitting its value into individual characters and then sorts them in alphabetical order
3564: This is the R script to convert from Low Frequency Interference Rejection factor into High frequency interference rejections per second
3565: A simple version of the sum operation.  It takes two arguments pos and deltas to calculate their sums .
3566: Generates unique sequence names based on the input string and appended with '_' + SHA hashing of first few characters
3567: Normalizes newline characters in the input string.  Removes both Windows and Unix style line endings (\n or
3568: A simple Rounding Function. It rounds the number to given precision level . For example :roundTo(.1,.34
3569: Computes the cumulative total of all multiples between one and given number that are either divisible by three or five.
3570: Generates an FFProbe command to create video from the given set of frames in png format with specified resolution and
3571: This R script finds the nearest number to zero that is not less than or equal and greater then given value. If it'
3572: Function to locate metadata within the given data space.  It searches through each element of "data" and returns first match found
3573: This R script checks the validity of parameters. It takes two arguments - 'parse'd parameter and list/vector with possible
3574: This R script is used to fetch the unexpansion list from configuration dictionary.  It checks whether 'configurations/
3575: Compare two vectors of strings. The comparison is case insensitive and removes white spaces from both inputs before comparing them .  Returns
3576: This is the R script to calculate RS.   Inputs are ca and cba; number of cases in first group
3577: A simple Rounding up operation that takes two arguments num and multiplier . The first argument is the number to be rounded ,
3578: This R script converts hexadecimal color codes to RGB.  It takes an input string that starts with "#"
3579: This R script converts the input vector into an array of labels. If it encounters two consecutive identical values then replaces
3580: This R script defines the 'heat color' mapping from grades to colors in hexadecimal format, which is used by
3581: This is the first line of your R script.  It defines an object named "mode" that takes one argument, '
3582: This R script calculates the value of m based on input values c and ncs, which are assumed to be in range
3583: Function to check whether the input is numerically or not, and also checks it's character type only once per string length
3584: This R script removes duplicate characters from the input string and returns it as output without any duplicates in between them .  It
3585: This is the R script to convert coordinates from one coordinate system into another. It takes two arguments; 'fix' and an
3586: Calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements in two vectors. The result is returned as an integer value representing that distance .
3587: This R script calculates the assist ratio. If there are no turns or only one assistant is present it returns that number as
3588: This is the scaling transformation. It takes in two ranges and scales x within these range to be between 0 &amp;
3589: This R script exports data about the prescribers and costs of drugs. The output is written to an external .csv or
3590: This R script converts strings to hexadecimal. It takes an input vector of string and returns the output as concaten
3591: Generates the URL to fetch stats about back ends of specific type from specified Hubs .    Parameters : - `
3592: Convert string into boolean. If the value is ‘yes’, it returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE . This conversion can be
3593: A simple implementation of clipping in R. It checks whether limits are valid and returns value within bounds otherwise it stops execution with
3594: This is an example of the conditional operator. It checks whether 1st argument conditionally returns "Yes" or not based
3595: This R script creates an intersection of two input IWP labels. The result is returned as the output label with its bound
3596: This R script defines the `strip quotes` functionality. It checks whether string starts and ends with double or single quote marks then
3597: This R script creates an object that can be used to access the unmanaged data in .RData files.  It
3598: This is the configuration file to be used when testing DropBox API.  It contains an example of how you can set up
3599: This R script creates an object that checks if the inputted file or directory exists in given list of paths.  It returns
3600: checks if the inputted word or phrase does not contain any duplicate letters.  It ignores case and spaces in letter checking
3601: checks whether the number k can be expressed as sum of triangles. If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE .   Inputs
3602: This R script converts the input vector of segmented units into characters.  It does so by concatenating all elements from
3603: …. . Code to find the town names that have at least one station in their area of interest,
3604: This R script converts the first letter of each string in an input vector to uppercase.  It uses base r functions
3605: A simple one line interpolating between two points in the form of an equation . The formula is derived from mathematics and used to
3606: This R script formats an input list of Emoji objects into one line string.  The output is the codes from each
3607: A simple R script to create and manage the labeling of different types in an environment.  This is used by other scripts
3608: This R script calculates the coordinates of centers. It takes two arguments and returns their difference in x or y direction depending on
3609: Function to remove duplicates from an iteratable object. ...}  ```    . ``` Rcpp::source
3610: Convert RGB values to grayscale. If the input is not equal with given color then convert it into gray scale else return
3611: Function checks whether the input is yes or not in lower case form  . Parameter : Default value -> If no argument
3612: This R script checks if the objective is converging.  It compares two functions and returns TRUE when they are close enough
3613: This R script resolves the expected status of an operation. It takes in input as 'operation' and returns its corresponding result
3614: A simple conversion from time in hhmmss format into total number of secs. e..g., convert hour and
3615: A simple implementation of the Collatz conjecture. It calculates how many steps it takes to reach one from an inputted
3616: This R script cleans the macOS X specific files from given list of filenames.  It removes any filename that contains "
3617: This R script checks if the value is above filter limit and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly  . ---> Code : Check
3618: checks whether the keys of dictionary d have dollar sign at start or nested inside another list/object  .  ```R `
3619: This R script calculates the margined districts based on their respective lines and returns them within an object named 'margin'. The
3620: A simple R script to convert numbers into their respective units. ...   ## ...     .on('
3621: A simple R script to generate the path of files in an environment.  This is useful when you want your scripts or functions
3622: This is the read from file task. It reads data into R environment using specific path provided by user . This will
3623: This is the reflection of an object about its center.  It takes two arguments; one vector and another point on that same
3624: This is an example of refactoring in R programming language, where the input parameter 'x' has been replaced with its
3625: This R script defines the 'getRegionData' functions that extracts specific information from inputted datasets.  The inputs are
3626: Function to display exam schedules. Each block is printed with its corresponding timeslot list and the total number of blocks present .
3627: This R script generates the minimum and maximum coordinates of points in 3D space. It takes as input an array or list
3628: This R script is used to extract the prefix from names.  It removes any trailing digits and periods in each part
3629: This R script converts decimal numbers to binary. It uses the modulo operator and integer division operation in order convert from base
3630: This R script checks whether two rectangles overlap.  It takes as input the coordinates of four points that define each rectangle and
3631: This R script defines the contours of an object.  The properties are defined by user input parameters such as color and opacity
3632: This R script removes new lines at the start and end of strings in character vector input, but only when they are not empty
3633: This R script calculates the absolute difference between two matrices and sums them up in one line using matrix operations  .    Input
3634: This R script retrieves an object from the '__' field of any given data structure and returns it as part or all
3635: This R script checks whether one number is strictly larger than another. It also takes into account the order of numbers and their respective
3636: This R script scales the bounding box coordinates.  It takes as input two vectors of length four and returns an object that
3637: This R script finds the index of grid position in 3D space given minimum and maximum values along each dimension . It does
3638: A simple R script to add two numbers.  It checks if the inputs are within range [o ,    .9]
3639: Convert the given array of indices into cosines. The first index corresponds to direction in x axis and second one is y ax
3640: Counts the number of failures from an array. The input is expected to be trajectories, which are represented as bounding boxes
3641: This R script defines an object named "divide exactly" that takes two arguments and checks whether the first argument is evenl
3642: This R script is used to generate the base URL of Email Age' API based on whether it should use production or sand box
3643: This R script calculates the number of bits required to represent n in binary.  It uses logarithm with two as its
3644: This R script parses the inputted string into its components. It splits each component by space and returns them as separate
3645: checks whether the carrier of an object in R.  If it's empty, returns FALSE; otherwise TRUE .   Code
3646: This R script generates the list of all available label names from provided vector 'of' themed objects.  The output is
3647: A simple R shiny app to generate responses. ...} .on("data") %>% run()`
3648: Function to check whether the input argument 'x' can be converted into numerics and its length should not exceed six characters long
3649: This R script calculates the placement of moss in an aquatic ecosystem.  The availability and required amounts are inputted
3650: This R script calculates the membrane conductivity based on input parameter.  It uses an if/switch statement to determine which
3651: Create an HTML tag that makes the given string bold.  Code snippet to be used in other functions or scripts where
3652: Function to Round Decimal Numbers. This is an implementation of the ROUND() built in MATL
3653: This is the R script to convert an integer into its corresponding string representation.  It's used in various functions where we
3654: Create an R script to generate the URL of Phenix data service API endpoint  .   Input : A string representing one
3655: This R script removes leading and trailing whitespaces from all non-"password" fields.  It is used to clean the
3656: Function to verify the uniqueness of elements in an R vector.  If all are unique and not equal with 'default'
3657: This R script converts the FEN string to its equivalent shortened form. The input is expected as an argument and it
3658: This R script cleans the basis names by replacing non word characters with underscores, converting them into lower case and then mod
3659: Function to validate if the input string is in valid format of Azure Storage Account Name.  Validates that it contains only lower
3660: This R script calculates the number of iterations needed to train an NN model.  It takes into account both training data
3661: This is the grismic simulation of an image using one line R script to calculate and output all possible unique 97
3662: This R script checks if two masks are complementaries. A set of values is said to be "complements" another
3663: This R script calculates the estimated maximum weight of an object based on its initial weights and number repetitions . The formula used
3664: Function to check if data frame has date column.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether the 'Date/Time of Release
3665: This is the percentage of rain that falls on one foot in 36 inches, given an input value representing how much ra
3666: This R script converts the input string into lowercase and removes all spaces, hyphens.  It is used in data
3667: This is the calculation of CgY.  It calculates g_x and returns it as output . The input parameters
3668: Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors. The result is returned as an element of numeric vector . This computations
3669: This is the main processing of keyword extraction.  It takes in an input list or vector, and returns all unique elements found
3670: This R script calculates the degrees between two angles based on their respective normalizations and an inputted rotation value .  The
3671: This is the definition of an R script that takes in one number and returns its opposite.  It's named "com
3672: Create an object that contains the details of operations performed on two values. This is used to track and report back any changes made
3673: Calculates the harmonic potential energy of one degree free atom in an isolated system .   [...]    Code snippet :
3674: Function to retrieve an item from list by its 'Key' and the corresponding ‘Value’. If no such match is
3675: This R script is used to extract the value from nested lists.  It takes two arguments - "Data" and an array
3676: This R script converts the student's score into grades based on their maximum possible scores and current point values .  The
3677: This R script finds the details of an Amazon Aurora DB instance from its name.  It takes two arguments - list
3678: This R script checks if two given rectangular bounding boxes have any intersection. If they do not intersect at all then it returns
3679: This is the implementation of Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. It calculates and returns eucl
3680: This R script is used as an example of how the 'getScenKey' method can be implemented in order not only
3681: This R script defines the 'getPageMarks' method that calculates and returns two marks on which to slice data in
3682: Function to check whether the name of an object starts with 'tmp' or not.  Returns TRUE when it does and FALSE
3683: Function to check if the authentication details are valid. This checks whether or not there is an entry in auth with both
3684: This R script takes an input string of numbers separated by spaces and returns the highest number followed immediately after lowest in descending order
3685: This R script is used to get the github id from an input string.  It splits on '/' and returns
3686: This R script cleans punctuations from the given text data. It iterates over each element of an input vector and repl
3687: A simple R script to sort and combine the elements of an array.  This is useful when you want your data in one
3688: Function to determine the path of terrafrom configuration files based on provided parameters.  It uses swith case statement and returns appropriate
3689: A simple R script that converts pixel number into css length unit  .   Inputs : Pixel Number, Output -
3690: This is the main purpose of an R script.  It calculates and returns SVP from TWET to TRY
3691: Match functions based on type of input and output  Code checks whether two inputs are identical or not in terms that they have the
3692: Auxiliary Function to Check if Column Name is Valid. ...} .eL;..,.,,,,.
3693: This R script converts an input decimal into its binary representation. The output is returned in the form of two elements vector where
3694: This R script is used to trim the content of text data. If it exceeds maximum limit then append an ellipsis...
3695: Convert an input string to its equivalent in family names. This is done by splitting on either - or . and taking only one
3696: This is an R script that generates warnings.  It takes in the reason of why it's generating warnig as input
3697: This R script is used to remove the prefix from an account number. If it's NA then no action will be taken
3698: Function to check whether the input ARN matches AWS managed policies.  Inputs are assumed in format arn : awss
3699: Generates the keys needed to access an example of FHIR resource.  This is used in generating examples from fetc
3700: A simple reversing of an integer. If the input is negative it will be converted to positive and then reverse its digits
3701: Computes the derivative of TanH activation with respect to its input.  The forward pass computations are done in place and
3702: This R script parses an alignment string into individual word/character pairs.  It splits the input on spaces and returns
3703: This R script calculates the optimal bin size to use in creating histograms or bar charts based on data points count and
3704: Function to check whether the characters of sentence are unique.  If all character occurrences have different values then it returns TRUE
3705: Function to convert file paths into string format. This is useful when you want the user or other parts of your program
3706: This R script formats the input string to remove underscores and replace them with spaces.  It is used in data cleaning
3707: Function to extract specific attributes from dictionary.  Code is used as an example of how one might use the 'plucker'
3708: Function to calculate the number of entries in an array.  It takes two arguments - used and availabile which are numbers
3709: This is the Chebycheff distance between two vectors. It calculates and returns maximum absolute difference in elements of inputted
3710: This R script calculates the normalized version of an input value. It checks whether it is greater than one, less then zero
3711: This R script converts the first character of each word to lower case. If string is empty it returns same input as output
3712: This R script implements the Lorensen and Bertheyt rule of five to compute two signals from four measurements . The first
3713: A simple greeting.  This is the default one when no other argument provided .  ```Rn} ``` R
3714: Convert hour/minute format to string representation with seconds and hours or minutes only depending on the input values  .e..g
3715: This is an R script that joins the elements of two lists.  It takes in one list and another as input parameters;
3716: Returns the validation details of an action.  [...]   .   `get validated by user id and returns all actions
3717: This R script calculates the center of an array.  The input is expected to be in form [X0 Yn
3718: Returns the second element of an array.  If there is no such thing, it returns NA .    Example : `body
3719: A simple R script to calculate the nearest integer of an input number rounded upwards by one unit stepwise increment until it is
3720: This R script prunes the parameters in an object. It rounds down to nearest multiple of 'rounding' amount and then
3721: Convert 3D coordinates to one dimensional index. This is useful when you have data in three dimensions and want convert it into
3722: This is the keyboard type getter. It returns an integer that represents which kind of input device was used to generate keypress
3723: A simple R program to calculate the highest common factor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based
3724: Checks if the input string contains some sort of programming language.  It does so by checking whether there are more than five
3725: This R script calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points within an input list. The output is returned as two vectors
3726: This R script implements the Counting Sort algorithm. The main idea behind it is to sort an array of integers by using keys
3727: This R script creates an object that contains the information about flows in risk factor.  The output is structured as per business unit
3728: This R script converts an input vector into string.  It uses the paste() and collapses to combine all elements
3729: Find the index of first position where element is less than given value. If not found then returns last possible location in array or
3730: Convert content type to file format.  This is used in the upload process of an image or video on our website, where
3731: This R script converts MIDI note numbers to frequencies. It uses the formulae derived from music theory, where each
3732: Checks if the given coordinates are within any of three dimensions bounding boxes. The input is two vectors representing lower and upper
3733: Function to retrieve the key of an enum value. If it exists in provided list then returns that otherwise tries with underscore separated
3734: Function to retrieve the title of vulnerability from its object representation  .  ```R ```"get": "retrieve
3735: Convert time in seconds to minutes and hours. The output is formatted as 'X : Y . Z'. where X represents the
3736: This R script generates the list of all unique ProductCodedIds and their corresponding types.  It is used to generate an
3737: checks if the command exists in list of available commands. If yes, returns TRUE else FALSE . This can be used to check
3738: A simple R script to remove newlines from the end of lines.  It checks whether string ends with "\n" or
3739: This R script creates an object that summarizes the sleep data.  The input parameters are used to calculate various statistics about how
3740: checks whether an input vector is sorted and contains the sequence [0, ->.<-, : . ] or not?
3741: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from string.  This is useful when you want to compare strings that may have different lengths
3742: This R script converts the input string into either upper or downcase based on whether it is already in an all caps format
3743: Remove comments from the input lines.  This is done by checking if each line starts with '///' and removing it in
3744: Function checks if the object passed as argument has character type and its name starts with 'remo'.  It also ignores
3745: Convert the given name of an R package or library into its corresponding collection.  For example, "Rcpp" becomes ".
3746: Returns true if CSS Variable feature is enabled.  Otherwise, returns false or throws an error when the specified variable does not
3747: Calculates the number of ways to choose k items from an arbitrary set. This is done by calculating combinations using combinatorial formula
3748: A simple constant generator. Returns the value of 'constant' variable "K". ...   ...    .     ..
3749: This R script generates the legend of major and minor grids in ggplot  .   The input is two parameters -
3750: This R script cleans the inputted text by removing all non alphanumeric characters.  It does so using regular expressions
3751: A simple R script to calculate the rainfall fall in inches per hour based on temperature and time of day  .
3752: Function to check if the given TCP or UDP ports are open. This script uses nc command line utility which
3753: Calculates the area of an isosceles right triangles.  Inputs are two points on one side and another
3754: A simple recursive implementation of the "flat" operation on lists in R, which returns all elements from nested list structures without
3755: This R script maps the id of stops to their respective parents in an object named 'train'.  It checks whether or not
3756: This R script returns the extension of files in an array or list passed to it as input parameter .  It splits each
3757: A simple R wrapper around the int() and possibly truncated version of it to handle non numerics inputs  .  ```
3758: This R script checks if the name of an object is equal to "mbedtls platform no std functions".  It
3759: A simple R script that converts an input string to uppercase.  Example usage is 'shout('hello')'
3760: This is an R script that converts the 'Title' and year of each row in your dataset into one string.
3761: This R script defines an inversely weighted linear interpolation between −∞ and ±inf. The output is the
3762: Calculates the Harmonic Mean of two numbers.  The result is an approximation to be used in situations where exact
3763: This R script formats the artist name in an album.  It takes two arguments - index and .data which is expected to
3764: This is the validation of debit card.  It checks whether or not it's valid to use credit cards in our
3765: This R script checks if the handed input is either left, right or average.  It returns TRUE when it's one
3766: Convert wind direction from degrees to cardinal point names using the IUGGLE's method of converting between compass directions and angles
3767: This R script defines the 'getQuad' method that determines which quadant of an xy plane point is in.
3768: Function to determine the observation and segment variables based on input variable.  For example if called with 'temperature', it will give
3769: This is an R script that opens and reads from the file specified by path. If there's any problem opening or reading
3770: Finds the value of 'object' within nested dictionaries using keys as path to search through them .  For example :
3771: This R script is used to generate an environment variable string that can be evaluated in the UniX shell.  The input
3772: This R script parses the inputted 'Process' object and returns it as an array of objects. Each element represents one
3773: This R script calculates the maximum width of characters in each line.  It returns an object with two elements - "height
3774: Adds text to the end of an object.  If no parameters are provided, it returns current value stored in .data
3775: Function to check if the given 'Number' is within or equal with one of two ranges. ...}`;
3776: A simple mapping from questions to actions.  It can map any of the five basic human language tasks into action names, such
3777: A simple R script to calculate the sum of two numbers without using '+' operator .  It checks whether input values are
3778: Function to check the input of an object and returns its type as string  . Input is expected in form ('front' or
3779: Convert hours and minutes to seconds  Code is used in converting time from hour format into total number of secondes .   Input
3780: A simple R script to calculate the product of an input number and its corresponding percentage symbol or integer part depending on whether it is
3781: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed one line functions that checks if the given word is in any of two strings.
3782: This R script calculates the total number of elements in an environment.  It uses unlisted() to convert all environments into
3783: This R script removes the comments from JSON strings using JavaScript's syntax // and # .  It splits by newlines
3784: This R script creates an object that keeps track of the callers with longest duration. It takes as input data frame or list
3785: A simple colorized output of text in GREEN.  This is useful when debugging or logging messages to the console with
3786: A simple R script to calculate and display the percentage of an input value. This is useful when you want your output values
3787: A recursive implementation of the power operation. It calculates 'n' to any number by raising it self n times using
3788: checks whether the input matrix r represents an inverted compressed sparse row format.  It returns TRUE when it does and FALSE otherwise
3789: Converts string to bool. If the input is already in form of true/False, it returns as TRUE or FALSE
3790: Convert the given input into an integer vector of major and minor versions in reverse order  Inputs : A character representing semantic or
3791: This script defines three functions to perform bit wise operations on two integers using the operators '+', '-' and ''*''
3792: A simple R shiny app to display different types of icon.  This is used in the ui part and server side functions
3793: Function to check if the expression is normalized.  Returns TRUE when all elements are unique and in order, otherwise FALSE .
3794: checks whether the operator precedences are correct.  If an open parenthesis is encountered it returns false; otherwise return true after
3795: This is the R script to calculate humidification index.  It takes as input quantile value and returns relative moisture content
3796: This R script converts the input text into lowercase and replaces special characters with hyphens in it, then returns that
3797: Function to check if the input string ends with .NPY extension – Python' Numpy array file format (.np
3798: Function to convert strings into numerics, if possible; otherwise returns NA  .    Inputs : A vector of string values
3799: A simple normalization of an array.  If the input arr contains zeros or all elements in it's equal to one
3800: Convert degrees to hours and minutes in seconds format using the formula of converting degree into hour minute second . The input is given as
3801: This R script calculates the number of unique tokens in each sentence.  It does so by splitting text into sentences and then
3802: This R script generates SQL limit clause based on the input parameters of 'limitsSQL'  . It checks whether both or neither
3803: A simple arithmetic calculation tool. It can perform addition ("add"), subtraction ('subtract'), multiplication('multip
3804: A simplified version of fill() from R. It fills the string with spaces to fit within specified length while keeping original formatting
3805: This script starts the specified multiplayers online games.  It takes in JSON data and returns two values - Game ID &
3806: This R script defines the 'scalar muliplication' operation. It takes two arguments - an integer or real number and
3807: Convert all characters in the input to uppercase  Code snippet that converts each character within an object into its corresponding
3808: This is the R script to generate name of template with its version. This will be used in creating new templates based
3809: This R script converts time in format hhmmss to total number of secs since midnight . The input is expected
3810: This is the callback used by R to get class names of predicted instances.  It loops over all prediction instance and collects
3811: This R script converts the given x and y coordinate to be within bounds of an array.  It takes into account that
3812: This R script converts URLs with escaped characters.  It replaces the "%" character in an input string to its
3813: This R script reads and parses log files to find out where in sequence of searches it was that particular process has been running
3814: A recursive implementation of the summation operation. The base case is when n equals to zero, it returns 'zero'.
3815: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate one term in series.  The input parameters are frequency and time delay values which
3816: Function to determine the data types of input values. 1st argument is checked if it can be converted into an integer,
3817: This R script removes both carriage returns and line feed characters from the input string.  It does not modify other types of new
3818: A simple pair of functions that converts configuration strings into values.  It checks the case insensitive comparison and returns either provided
3819: This R script is used to find the position of tables within screen layout.  It checks each table name and returns its corresponding
3820: This is the first step in calculating Delta P. It calculates sum of all elements divided by product with each element and
3821: A simple dot product of two vectors.  Inputs are the components in order [x0 y]. Returns scalar result representing
3822: Function to check whether two nodes in the same graph or different graphs with common neighbors.  The first argument is node number of
3823: This R script defines the 'getAuthTypeFromHeader' method that determines whether an HTTP request is using NTLM or
3824: This is an R script that converts the input number to float between [-1.0 , +] . The conversion process
3825: Counts the number of elements that are 'n' steps away from each other. The array is traversed twice to
3826: This R script converts the input time in seconds to hours, minutes and second.  It uses printf() from base package
3827: This R script cleanses the input string by converting it into lower case, removing punctuation and apostrophes.  It
3828: This R script converts the input matrix into its upper triangular form. The output is also returned as an array of vectors
3829: Normalize the given vector to have unit length or zero in case of division by zeros .   Code snippet :
3830: Function to find the smallest power of 2 greater than or equal n. This is useful in computing algorithms that require an integer
3831: Convert degrees to decimal minutes and seconds. The input is the number of days since midnight or hours past noon in UTC timezone
3832: Function to calculate padding parameters.  If the current size is less than or equal with respect tp what we want then it
3833: Function to check if number is within range. If not returns FALSE else TRUE . e g t o c r i s l
3834: Function to determine the type of an object based on its year it was born. The input is assumed as years since some unknown
3835: Function to calculate the Euclidean distance between two vectors. This is done by subtracting each element of vector 'b' from
3836: Convert the given microseconds to seconds, milliseconds or just use plain number of us/sec and ms respectively .
3837: Function to calculate the Vertical Reynolds Number of Fluid Mechanics Simulation  . Input is ratio between
3838: This is the mapping from dependency relations to their respective types.  It maps n subordinating conjunctions, c compounds
3839: This R script is used to extract the URL from an array of strings and returns it as another string in one line formatting
3840: Convert binary values to grayscale image data in R . The input is an array of pixel intensities, and the output
3841: This R script checks if the template text matches with an observed id.  It removes variable names from both texts and compares
3842: This R script converts an integer to its corresponding string representation.  It uses the input parameter 'metho'd
3843: This R script drops excluded elements from the input string. It splits by whitespace and keeps only those parts that are not
3844: This R script patches the given 'Metadata' object with values from another dictionary/object using recursive method of merging .
3845: Function to calculate the dot product of two vectors.  Returns summation result as output . ...}>' >>
3846: Convert the given string of 0' and '.' to an integer. The input is in Binary format .   Example
3847: Convert period to seconds in R  Code snippet that converts time duration specified by hours and minutes into total number of
3848: A simple R script to fetch host details from the given Metadata object based on its unique identifier .   [END SUM
3849: Function to compute the scalar product of two vectors.  Inputs are vector components in three dimensions and outputs their corresponding componentwise
3850: This R script calculates the number of toys that can be bought with at most 'K' dollars. The input is an
3851: This R script checks the length of tweets before posting. If tweet is longer than 48 characters it will be trunc
3852: Function to check whether the provided base URL and service name are valid or not – returns TRUE when both parameters exist but either
3853: This R script is used to extract the filename from URL paths in order of depth level  . It splits each path by
3854: This R script calculates the difference between two values in an array based on their indices and returns it numerically .  It
3855: This R script converts numbers to fortunes.  The input is an integer between -9 and +8 which represents the
3856: This R script removes the specified string from end of text. If it ends with provided 'string', then returns original value otherwise
3857: Wraps the input string in HTML tags.  Input is wrapped with opening and closing tag names specified by '.' .
3858: This R script resolves an object path into its component parts.  It splits the input string by '.' and returns
3859: This R script defines the set up user to choose between three options.  The input is an integer from one through two,
3860: Function to extract ids from assertion details in R .  This is useful when you want the list of all unique ID'
3861: Function to check whether two lists of named elements are equal by comparing their respective values – including the order and type within each
3862: This R script creates an extracts the UUID from any given object, either as character or data frame/matrix .  It
3863: A simple implementation of the Quadratic Easing Function. This is used to ease in and out from zero over time
3864: This R script defines the 'getHostName' method that takes two arguments - Pod and Node . If either of them are
3865: This R script counts the frequency of each character present within string 'S'. It returns all characters that appear more than once and
3866: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points.  This is used to calculate distances in multi dimensional space .   Input
3867: This R script converts the input species into its progenitor or base form based on their initial letter and returns it as
3868: Convert moduli to distances in the range of Earth's radius using distance unit conversion factor, which is approximately equal with respect
3869: This R script calculates the wing span after correction.  The input is an initial value and scale factor to be subtracted
3870: This R script creates an object that cycles through the previous element in its input.  It takes two arguments - id and length
3871: A simple R script to calculate the maximum of two time points.  This is used in calculating DH returns by taking minimum between
3872: Function to check if the system type matches one of two specified types.  The first argument specifies what kind or flavors are relevant
3873: checks whether any queen under attack on the column. If so returns TRUE else it will be false .   [END OF SUM
3874: checks if the input n can be considered as an integer or not . If yes then returns TRUE else FALSE; otherwise it throws
3875: Affiche le plus grand des trois valeur fournies. Code : fonction qui determine et affichez si
3876: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space. The input is expected to be vectors of length three
3877: Generate a ONE-LINE summary (≤25 words) for this code: Code: ucfirst <- function(string) {   return(paste(toupper(substring(string,1,1)),substring(string,2),sep="")) } ucfirst("retror") ucfirst("tr�rt�n") Summary: Function to convert the first character of each word in string into uppercase. For example "this is an apple" becomes '
3878: This R script removes angle bracket from URLs in the input string  .   It uses two regular expressions to remove "
3879: A simple R script to calculate the time difference between two points in seconds or minutes . The input is start and end times of
3880: A simple wrapper around the R environment to create and manage widgets.  This is useful when you want your application's
3881: A simple R script to convert marks into grades. 1st class is '9th' and above, while the lowest
3882: This R script creates an object that contains the payload of token request to be sent in HTTP requests  . The expriration
3883: Function to add one in the numerics and return it as output, else stops with an error message stating that invalid inputs are
3884: checks if an object contains spatial geometry data  Inputs : x - the input to check . Returns TRUE when it'll
3885: A simple R script to convert decimal seconds into hours, minutes and fractional second representation in the form of time string  .
3886: Convert database names to ASCII format. Replaces underscores with hyphens in the input string, and returns it as
3887: Remove all spaces in the given input. This is useful when you want to clean up your data or make it suitable as an
3888: This R script extracts the integer part of an expression with plus or minus standard error from its string representation and returns it .
3889: Convert the input string to its equivalent in decimals format . e g "9" will be converted into '3'
3890: Create an object that represents the details of one music albums.  The input is two parameters - 'Artists name'
3891: This R script defines the 'Content Type' object, which is used to extract and store MIME type information from HTTP headers
3892: This R script builds an output string from the input strings.  The resulting object is returned as one line of text with no
3893: A simple collator that returns the input batch as is.  Used when no specific sorting or ordering needs to be applied
3894: This R script generates the nth FIBONACCI number. It starts with an initial two numbers in sequence and then
3895: This R script defines the 'limits' object. It takes three arguments; one is an input value that represents some sort of
3896: This R script checks if the account type provided by user matches either 'Application' or ‘SandBox’. If
3897: This is the normalization of framework name.  It converts all characters to lowercase .}   ```{r setup,
3898: A simple implementation of the population count algorithm, which counts number bits set to one from binary representation . The input is an integer
3899: This is the implementation of an algorithm to find out which angle has smaller difference with another given number. It takes two numbers as
3900: A simple R script to convert months into integers and vice versa using an internal table of values mapping the names in English format
3901: This R script generates an Extrusion command in the Gcode format. The parameters x and/or z are used to
3902: This R script formats the date string to display only year and month. It takes as input datasting in 'yyy
3903: A recursive implementation of the calculation factoriaL.  The base case is when m equals to zero, in which it
3904: Generates ConfigMaps to manage drain status.  The instances are the machines that need draining and their names should be
3905: Find the id of an island that contains or is within its boundaries.  [...] . RNAseq data analysis and visual
3906: checks whether the input number equals 1 or not. If it does, returns 'Yes'. Otherwise,'No' will be
3907: This R script cleans the input lines by removing comments and leading/trailing white spaces.  It also removes double quotes around
3908: Convert UUID to string format  .   Inputs : A character vector of unique identifiers generated by R' s random number
3909: Convert seconds to millisecons. Rounds the result upto two decimal places . This is an example of how you
3910: This R script converts the input text into ASCIII.  It uses 'iconvc' package in r which is used
3911: This is an interpolation of values based on the given times. It uses linear extrapolation if outside range and returns value
3912: Convert time duration in seconds to HHmmss.format string . e..g., convert the number of days into hours
3913: This R script retrieves the URL of an AWS Public EndPoint by its name and Region.  The input is expected to
3914: Functions to convert date and time formats. 1 year = 360 days; month length varies from one day of
3915: Count the number of subarrays with sum greater than or equal to k. Code is written using R programming language and it
3916: Create and return an object of class 'Metrics' with the given metric.  The returned Metrics objects are immutable .
3917: This R script compares two bounding boxes and returns the smallest box that encloses both.  The four dimensions of
3918: This is an R script that converts the input string to lower case and returns only its initial character. If it's
3919: This R script generates the link header from input.  It takes in an object of linked resources and formats them into one string
3920: A simple implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using memoization. The base case is when n or m equals
3921: This R script creates an anonymous user's unique identifier.  It takes the name of any given 'user', and returns
3922: Generates new rules based on the input parameters.  The generated object is then used to create or update an existing package dependency
3923: Generates the number in string format with leading zeros  Code snippet to generate numbers from zero upto n dig
3924: This R script scales the values of an input vector by multiplying it with maximum value. It returns both scaled data and multiplication
3925: Checks whether the given string is within specified range of its actual content's size in characters  . The argument 'start
3926: This R script creates an extraction of longitude from the given dataframe.  It takes as input one row object with geometry
3927: This is the implementation of an R script that filters out rows with all elements as empty.  It checks if there are any
3928: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate how many coins are needed from given amount in cent. The coin denominations used
3929: This R script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities in the form of &amp, which is used by browsers and
3930: This R script removes duplicated items from the input list.  It uses unique() to find and eliminate duplicate values in an
3931: Create dictionary with non underscore keys from input dict  Input -> Output . Code creates an output that is similar to the
3932: This is the scoring system used to evaluate how close two positions are in terms of x and y coordinates within an environment or space
3933: A simple boolean conversion from string to turn "ON" or “OFF” into TRUE/ FALSE. This is useful in
3934: Search list with dictionaries by the given 'Key' and find corresponding dictionary entry that matches provided "Value".  If no
3935: This R script checks if the filename is acceptable. It replaces all non alphanumeric characters with underscores and
3936: This R script replacess all spaces in the input string with pluses.  It is used to convert nonbreaking space
3937: Setup Send Grid Connection – Establish the initial communication with an API using your key to interactively manage email sending
3938: This R script creates an object that logs the file name and its current state.  It then returns it as one string in
3939: This R script determines whether the model is inception v. 1 or not . The input to it will be either "
3940: This R script creates an object that can be used to extract text values from the given caption and choice list.  The
3941: A simple R script to lookup user on KeyBase using their usename as input and return the url of profile picture .
3942: This R script computes the value of xi using given parameters.  The formula is derived from Black's model and
3943: Calculates the theoretically expected value of loren's curve. This is done by calculating an integral over all possible frequencies
3944: A simple R script to add two numbers.  Code is written in one line and it adds the input number with total amount
3945: This R script retrieves the task id from either message's header or its payload, depending on whether it is available in
3946: A simple implementation of the Collatz conjecture. The input is an integer and returns its sequence in which each step corresponds to
3947: This R script is used to calculate the height of figures based on number categories.  It returns an integer value that represents how
3948: This R script defines the 'marge' ranges. It takes two arguments - one is an integer vector and another argument can
3949: A simple implementation of the FIZZ BUZZ algorithm in R programming language using functions and control structures to solve problems related with
3950: checks if the given rule has only one token. This can be used to identify whether or not it's an
3951: This R script converts special characters to their safe XML equivalent.  It replaces &, ", ', and > with the
3952: Compute Precisions and Recalls using the formula provided in R programming language . The input parameters are Total Gold ,Total Pred
3953: A simple R script to look up the appropriate travel time based on distance.  It checks whether or not paths are under certain
3954: checks if the length of two sequences are long enough to match with given threshold  .   Input : linedictionnary containing
3955: This is the calculation of one specific value from an array based on its position in another table or matrix; it's used
3956: Compute the intersection of two lines. The result is given as an ordered pair where each coordinate lies in [minX;
3957: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. The base case is when n = 0 or/and =
3958: This is the input to create an initial CDPRO data file with headers and footers . The parameters are wavelength range from w
3959: This R script reads the content of an external .txt or csv files into memory and returns it as string format –
3960: Function to check whether the project has README file.  [Function] .    Inputs : answer -> data frame
3961: This R script generates latency values in the format of min/average / max.  It takes three arguments and returns them
3962: Create an R script that generates the regex pattern to match strings not preceded by any of given elements.  The input is
3963: A simple error response generator.  Generates an object with two properties - 'message' and '->'. The first property
3964: This is the R script to convert byte values into percentage representation of an image's brighness level .   [END
3965: Apply scalar clipping to vectorized operations and apply timing mechanism in R .  [1 line] SUMMARY :
3966: Function to check if the eye color provided by user matches any of valid eclipse colors.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on
3967: Crea una función que comprueba si dos vectores son igual o no. 1 -> TRUE / FALSE .
3968: This is the inverse of quantile. It converts from percentiles to values at which some probability lies below or above that
3969: A simple R script to return the username based on operating system.  It uses an object of strings that map each os name
3970: This R script replaces the dollar signs in an expression field with curly brackets.  It is used to ensure that
3971: This R script calculates the accuracy of predictions. It takes two vectors as input and returns their respective averages which is calculated
3972: This R script converts the input 'ID' into an address format. It removes any ':',' and '-'. Then it
3973: Create KAFKA Version.  This is used to generate the correct path and name of .jar files that are required
3974: Function to retrieve value of tag from list.  If the given 'key' doesnt exist it throws an error message .
3975: Function to check whether every element of the first vector is also present within second. If not it returns FALSE else TRUE . For
3976: Replace .1 and ../ with tabs in character vectors, remove trailing zeros from numeric vector elements   Input
3977: This R script cleans the POS labels. It removes special characters and spaces around underscores in text data to make them
3978: This R script calculates the Region of Interest radius based on pixel size and aspect ratio parameters . The ROI is defined as
3979: checks whether the input value can be converted to numerics or not  .    Inputs : A character vector of strings that
3980: A simple implementation of Proof Of Work.  It checks the result against some constant value to determine whether or not it's
3981: This R script joins two strings with an optional separator. If either string is empty it returns the other one's value
3982: This is an R script that checks if the files in given list are of png or jpg/JPEG format
3983: Function to generate the URL of an archived release on GitHub releases page  Inputs : Version - The specific git tag
3984: This R script fixes the ending of each line that starts with "ends" or ends by removing any trailing characters.
3985: This R script calculates the maximum speed from geographical data by converting it to kilometers per hour and rounds off up
3986: This R script is used to convert requirement names into lowercase with underscores replaced by hyphens and periods.  It
3987: This R script calculates the length of three sides in an equilateral triangle.  The lengths are given as inputs to
3988: This is an R script that checks if the given 'Node' exists in provided "List of Nodes".  Returns TRUE
3989: A simple R script to map file extensions onto their corresponding MIME types.  This is useful in web development where you want
3990: This is the implementation of an interpolation method. It takes four parameters and returns one value based on time parameter 'tc'.
3991: A simple R script to generate current time stamp in YYYMMDDTHHHmmSS format  .   Code is used
3992: This R script checks if the string is in 'x/y' format and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly  .    [
3993: This R script is used to get the project name in path.  It splits paths into folders and returns second one which
3994: Convert spaces in the inputted strings to underscores.  For example, "Hello World" becomes 'hello_world
3995: A simple R script to calculate the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using sqrt() and **
3996: A recursive solution to generate all possible combinations of parentheses. The input is the number n and it generates an array
3997: This is the implementation of an elementwise comparison operator. It returns +/-+ or -- depending on whether 'x'>
3998: This R script scans the reference start and returns an adjustment that makes it into one of three frames. If not possible,
3999: This R script checks whether the input string contains any whitespace and adds apostrophes around it. If there are no spaces
4000: Resolve URLs with given url and dictionary of urls to replace.  The first part is the base name from
4001: Returns the unique pointer of an object.  This is used to avoid duplication in case two objects have same address but different
4002: Checks whether the input object 'x' has exactly one element and that it contains only lists with at most two fields,
4003: checks whether the input vector 'array' contains increasing sequence of numbers from [0,..n]. If yes then returns TRUE
4004: checks if all elements in the list are equal. If so returns TRUE else FALSE .   Code snippet : check_
4005: This is the R script to calculate isotropy factor.  It takes in input as resolution and returns its corresponding value of Is
4006: This is the definition of an anonymous or unnamed mathematical operation. It calculates and returns gradients in linear units per unit
4007: This R script converts ADC values to moisture content based on the minimum and maximum soil water levels defined by user input parameters .
4008: Remove specified characters from the data in an R object.  This is useful when you want to clean your dataset by removing unnecessary
4009: A simple implementation of the square root calculation.  It takes an input x and returns its integer part as output, which is
4010: Adds two vectors of equal length.  If the lengths are not same then it pads with zeros to make them match
4011: Function to convert label names into string.  If no input is provided it returns an empty String . Otherwise converts the given
4012: This R script replaces all occurances of the old string with given replacement.  It uses regular expressions to find and replace
4013: A model of the dynamics in an ecosystem where two species interact via predators and prey;  The system evolves according to
4014: This R script generates the powerset of all possible combinations between two numbers from [3..n] and returns unique count.
4015: This R script formats the date and time into one line.  It takes two arguments - datestamp in string form with year
4016: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate FSED. It takes as input number and returns corresponding value from table in
4017: This R script calculates the profile of an object's foundational properties. The parameters are distance from center to edge and
4018: This is the basic operation of calculating average. It takes two values and returns their arithmetic means as output .   Code length
4019: This R script formats the input string to remove all non numeric characters and dollar signs. It also removes spaces from text strings
4020: This R script scales and trims the coordinates of detected bounding box objects to fit within an inputted width/heig
4021: This script defines two functions that convert K8s object' s metadata into the appropriate format based on its type and name .
4022: Function to calculate cost of shipping based on distance in km, with an additional fee per mileage over the first three miles and
4023: This R script calculates the common shape of two vectors. If they are not equal it returns NULL and otherwise computes their
4024: Converts boolean value to binary.  Returns integer of either 'true' or "false" as an int, where
4025: Compare two responses in different formats and structures to check whether they are equivalent or not – including handling of nested lists/ve
4026: Create an assignment statement.  This will be used in the .Rprofile file or other scripts that need access and modification of
4027: This R script builds the basic URL. It takes three arguments - 'port' and ‘protocols’ which are
4028: Function to check whether every element of the first list is also present as an item on another given second vector.  If not
4029: Wrap the coordinates around to fit within an array.  This is useful when dealing with rectangular grids where you want your
4030: A simple R script to convert Farenheight temperatures into Celcuis using the formula C = [Farhenhight
4031: checks whether the input parameters are axially symmetric.  Inputs should be in radians or degrees, and they must have
4032: This is the R script to convert method name into lowercase.  It takes an input of any type and returns it in
4033: Function to calculate the distance between two columns.  The result is an integer representing total absolute difference in values of both vectors .
4034: Function to label year range. If the years are equal it returns just one of them otherwise labels as "year - startYear
4035: This is the Akari's method of calculating an optimal number.  It calculates one parameter by comparing two parameters and
4036: Calculates the molarity of two substances in an alchemical reaction using their molecular weights and densities respectively . The output
4037: This R script fixes aspect providers by removing the Default Info objects from them, which are usually used to store default values or settings
4038: This R script removes redundancy in the input string. It trims whitespace and replaces multiple consecutive white spaces with single
4039: A simple R script to convert NULL values in dataframe columns into empty strings  . The input is the column of interest and
4040: A simple linear scaling transformation.  Scales the input x to be between min and max using specified parameters 'a',...
4041: Create and fill up an existing DataFrame with tweeting amounts based off inputted tweet count limit  Inputs : numT
4042: Normalizes the input data to be between zero and one using minmax scaling method, which is commonly used in machine learning algorithms
4043: checks whether the input argument 'x' or its element in any dimension of array/list contains only TRUE values, FALSE otherwise
4044: This R script generates the list of download size values.  The input is file'size and number 'part'. It returns
4045: This is the implementation of an algorithm to calculate radius from two coordinates.  The input parameters are 'X' and Y'.
4046: This R script filters out the incidents that are not sourced from any of given list.  It checks each source against an
4047: A simple R script to check the number of retires in an object.  If 'Retry count is not available,
4048: Function to calculate the Area of Rectangle  Code is used in calculating areas and perimeters .   Parameters are
4049: Calculates the value of an option in European style using Black Scholes model with discount factor and volatility calculation from price history
4050: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in R. The formula is sqrt((x_a - x_b
4051: This R script takes as input the string of any length and returns it with all leading, trailing or multiple spaces removed.
4052: Subtracts two vectors elementwise. If the input is not equal to each other' s size then it stops with
4053: This is an R script that takes in the input of 'fraction' and returns its integer part.  It uses built
4054: A simple R script to calculate the total of numbers from one till n. This is done by using looping construct and addition
4055: A simple R script to generate n digit numbers. ...} . The sample() is used in the generation of dig
4056: This R script calculates the number of times that 'five' is included in an integer. It does so by dividing
4057: A default fixtures object to be used in tests. This is an empty dictionary with the base properties of sessions set up as
4058: A simple division operation.  If the denominator is zero it returns -inf or NaN depending on R version and platform
4059: This R script decreases the parameter closer to its desired value. It takes three parameters oldValue ,target Value and Coverage .
4060: Dump arguments in JSON format.  This is used to debug the input and output of functions that use json as their argument
4061: Create and manage the dictionary of different types to be used in plotting.  The primary type is specific information about one dataset
4062: This R script converts the dots in string to underscores.  It is used when debugging and testing scripts that
4063: This R script calculates the number of paths in an m x 3 grid. The path can be horizontal or vertical movement
4064: Calculates the fraction of water in one molecule given its molecular weight and total molar mass . The calculation is based
4065: checks if the given filename ends with .yml or ymll.  Returns TRUE/FALSE as appropriate based on whether
4066: Function to get the origin items from distribution dataframe.  Returns an object of class "items" with all possible values in
4067: Remove parentheses from string. If the first character is "(" then remove it and everything inside until ")". Else
4068: Create an URL to the Bootstrap CDN CSS file from given relative or absolute paths  . Input is expected as string,
4069: This R script converts the first character of each word into uppercase and all other characters lower case. It does not affect
4070: Map range from one interval to another. This is useful when you want your data in the same scale but with different ranges or
4071: This R script defines the 'categorise_type' of day. It takes an input parameter x and returns either
4072: This R script implements the Fisher's exact test to compare two categories in one sample and returns pvalue of comparison between them
4073: checks if the inputted value can be interpreted as an integer.  It does so by checking whether it matches regex pattern "
4074: This R script separates the given string by specified set of characters.  It uses regular expressions to replace these with spaces and
4075: This R script calculates the contrast between two values. If value is equal to either of targets or references it returns “
4076: A simple logical implication. If p is true then return the value of Q otherwise not P .  For example :
4077: checks if the input item represents an affiliation in parentheses formatting . e..g., "(" + name of
4078: This is the prediction probability of an object being within one unit distance from another.  It takes two parameters; 'diameters
4079: This R script checks whether the given game's current state is finished. It does so by checking each cell of matrix to
4080: This is the implementation of modular arithmetic. It takes two arguments and returns their remainder when divided by each other using R'
4081: Compute the magnitude of 3d vector.    Inputs : A two dimensional array representing vectors in R² space .
4082: This R script formats the inputted dates into 'YYMMDDHHmmSS'.  If no argument is provided it returns
4083: checks if the return value of an RPC call has one outlier.  If it does, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE
4084: Convert 3D index to linear.   Inputs : Two vectors of length two representing the indices in three dimensions and outputs
4085: Find an Artifact by Name.  This is used to get the details of one specific piece or object from within your system
4086: Mix two vectors.  The mixing factor 'a' determines the amount of each vector to be mixed together with other elements in
4087: A simple R script to find the minimum of two vectors or values in one vector using recursion and null checking mechanism .
4088: This R script removes any pipe values from the input string.  It checks whether there is an "\" | \" in your
4089: Computes the derivative of log with respect to scalar input.  This is used in back propagation algorithm .    Inputs :
4090: Convert frames to time.  This is used in conjunction with the getFrameRate() method which returns an estimate of how many
4091: This R script checks if the input x can be converted to numerics and returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly  .    Code sn
4092: This R script finds the presence of an item with specific id within list.  It returns true or false based on whether it
4093: This is an R script that fetches and returns information about AWGN gate.  If no such device exists it will
4094: Convert binary array to string.  This is useful when you want the output of your program as text rather than hexadec
4095: This is the calculation of temperature factor based on hive maintenance control level – high, medium or low . The higher levels
4096: Function to check if birth year of person valid or not  .    [END]    ```[BEGIN][START](paste
4097: This R script checks whether the input list is in strictly increasing order. If it's not, then returns FALSE; otherwise
4098: A simple one line description of the above program.  Code is designed to generate an introduction message with input name . The output
4099: Calculates Fresnell's number using given parameters . The formula is derived by applying it on an ellipse with
4100: Calculates the JACCARD similarity between two lists. The result is rounded to four decimal places as required by assignment instructions
4101: A simple implementation of the Manhatten distance formula.  It calculates and returns distances between two points in an integer manner
4102: This R script removes the trailing slash from URLs. If it ends with one then returns url minus last character otherwise
4103: This is an implementation of the short integer range limit. It checks whether input values are within specified limits and returns them in those
4104: Convert time in seconds to hours minutes and second format using R programming language . The input is the total number of secs ,
4105: This R script replaces multiple instances of the specified string with another.  It uses regular expressions and is case sensitive if '
4106: This is the Chi Square distribution.  It's used to model probabilities of events in which an event occurs with probability p
4107: Function to check whether the geographical area is in list of known issues.  Returns TRUE when it's an issue,
4108: Computes the golden ratio phis.  Input is an integer or numeric value, output will be in radians .
4109: This R script defines the "location" object that returns lat/long and alt information of different Geminis's const
4110: A simple R script to determine the EPS value of an xxx architecture.  The input is 'xxx' which can be
4111: Calculates the difference between two numbers and divides it by their sum.  This is used to calculate an indicator of risk
4112: Converts an IP address to integer format using bitwise operations .   Code is used by the RIP protocol and other
4113: A recursive implementation of the integer square root.  It uses binary search to find an approximate value that is as close or
4114: This R script pads version strings with leading zeros to match the specified number of tuples in each component  Inputs
4115: This is the solution to find out if two numbers are equal or not. If they're all same then return true else
4116: This R script removes the 'version'-key from JSON object.  It is used to remove version information in schema files generated
4117: This is the R script to calculate font size based on scale and imagesize . It takes two parameters - 'image's
4118: This R script generates an order of fields in the current dataframe based on another specified one. If '<' or '-
4119: Parses the input string into fields of time from/ to len bytes pk ts arr dep drop packets and returns them
4120: This R script splits the input string into individual dates.  It uses "/" as separator to separate year from month
4121: Function to convert data frame or matrix into one dimension, retaining the original dimensions of x but reducing its dimensionality by
4122: This R script defines the filterNum() to convert string input into an integer.  It checks each character in 'filters
4123: Function to extract SQUARE METERS from the header of an excel file  . The square meters are extracted when they
4124: Function to check if the event has only one domain.  If it does, then return TRUE; otherwise FALSE .   Dom
4125: This R script defines an overlapping region between two regions. It takes as input the coordinates of 4 numbers each representing one
4126: A simple R script to convert Redirects links into full URL format  . This is useful when you want your data
4127: This R script parses the string of cookie headers into an associative array.  The input is expected to be formatted as
4128: This R script generates deployment ids based on the input parameters.  The first parameter is used as base name and second one
4129: A simple wrapper around the divide operation. Returns halfed input value, or throws an error message otherwise . This is useful when
4130: This is the product of two numbers. It takes in parameters and returns their multiplication result . e g on input values are
4131: Write information about the input parameters to stdout or log file . The output includes number and type/formatting details on various
4132: This is an R script that takes in one number and returns the negative of it.  For example, if you input '
4133: Calculates the Mass Transfer Coefficients of Wind Vanes using Misher' Karnovitch’ method, given
4134: This R script defines the 'function' named "PortMax" that determines maximum of two ports or ranges, and returns
4135: This R script defines the 'colors' to be used in output. It uses escape sequences from ANSI/VT
4136: Convert seconds to string representation.  Example usage : print("13 minutes and ", ++++++ .seconds()) )).
4137: A simple R script that checks whether the input number ' num' .if it can be divided by two without any remainder,
4138: This is an example of using the built in R functions. It converts all uppercase letters into lower case and returns it
4139: This R script calculates the percentage difference between two values and rounds it to one decimal place . The input parameters are initial/
4140: A simple R script to convert numbers into the desired numbering system based on their value and decimal places – e..g
4141: Function to check whether an element exists within the list.  If it does not exist then returns false otherwise true . The loop
4142: Converts dictionary object to vector. The input is the name of labels and counts from an experiment or data set which has
4143: This R script adds paddings to the end of an input string so that it is divisible by four. The number
4144: Split the given text into two lists based on comments. The first list contains all non commented out parts of input and second
4145: Convert RGB values into HTML color codes .    Example usage : #ffffff -> "##FFF" ,#ffcc
4146: This R script creates an object named "force slash end" that takes in one argument. If the input string ends with
4147: This is an R script that generates the arguments needed by ggplot's frames() method in order create animation of plots
4148: This is an R script that takes in list of numbers and returns the same as input but with duplicates removed.  It
4149: Parses the position and layers of an object in 3D space .   [END]    Code snippet
4150: This R script defines the 'getSequenceLength' method that calculates and returns length of sequences. The number is calculated as
4151: Convert string to numerics, if possible; otherwise return NA  Code snippet that converts the input into an integer
4152: This R script checks if the first character of each input string is #. If it isn’t and there are nonempty
4153: Adds slashes to the end of path. If it already ends with / then returns same string else adds one at last
4154: Reads data from the specified .txt or csv files and returns them as character vectors in R environment  Code is designed
4155: Function to retrieve specific Task from the list of Tasks.  If no such id exists it returns NULL .    Parameters
4156: This R script calculates the arithmetic and standard deviation of numbers in an input list . The result is returned as two elements
4157: This is the implementation of Day Light Savings Time Shift in R. It takes month and weekday as input parameters
4158: This R script creates an array of values that are scaled between two given minimum and maximum limits. The number stops is the count
4159: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation method. It scales 'value' from one range to another by using two points
4160: This R script calculates the determinant of 6 by using three points. The formula is derived from cross product method to
4161: This R script returns the common start string of two strings. If one or both input arguments are empty it will simply output an
4162: This R script generates the modified column expressions based on provided replacement rules.  It takes two arguments - "Fields" and an
4163: This R script calculates the Sum of Squared Numbers from one to N. It uses mathematical formulae derived by
4164: Find the minimum value in 3D array. Returns one number as output from given three dimensional matrix of numbers . The input
4165: Fetches the pipelinename and status of all pipeline in an opensource platform like jenkins or alike .
4166: This R script defines an anonymous or unnamed one line functions that takes in the name of file and returns only its base without
4167: Concatenates all elements of the input list into one single character vector.  The order is preserved as it goes through
4168: Checks whether one word is contained within another. If the first argument of .contains() method in R programming language returns TRUE
4169: This is the definition of an objective to be minimized in gradient descent optimization algorithms. It's used as part 1
4170: This R script calculates the net change in soil organic matter content due to changes over time.  The input parameters are initial
4171: Skip the execution of an app if it has no docstring.  This can be used to prevent apps from being executed
4172: A recursion based solution to calculate the nth FIBonacci number. The base case is when num = 0
4173: Generates the coordinates of an x axis in terms linear regression model  .   Inputs are maximum and minimum y values along
4174: This R script generates the longest possible kmers in an assembly.  If it is velveth or usearch and its
4175: This is an R script that defines the 'ix' object.  The three parameters are used to calculate and returns sum of
4176: Creates an n x m matrix where the diagonal elements are ones and all other entries zero. The number of rows is equal
4177: This R script is used to look up the TLV types. It takes an input of Type ID and returns its corresponding
4178: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor.  The input parameters are two numbers and returns their GCD using E
4179: This R script calculates the weighted average of three vectors. The weights are given by parameters 'u', ‘v’
4180: This R script handles single argument. It updates the value of an existing keyword in keywords list with new provided one and returns updated
4181: This is to validate the species tag in reaction dictionary.  It checks if any of these keys are not present or invalid,
4182: Convert the given string into safe format. This is done by removing all special characters and numbers from input strings that are not allowed
4183: This R script checks whether the given URL starts with "https://" or not. If it does, then check which social
4184: This R script gets the preprocessing name from file names. It takes as input one or more filenames and returns their
4185: This R script retrieves the value associated with given key from pair list. It uses binary search to find and retrieve corresponding values
4186: This R script changes the name of current running batch jobs.  It takes as inputs an array with lines from sbatch output
4187: A simple R script to generate installation request data.   .    Inputs : Pack ID and Version of the package that
4188: Function to check if two numbers are close together in terms of precision upto the fourth decimal place . The result will be TRUE
4189: This R script defines the 'which set' functionality. It takes three parameters - file name hash and two percentages to determine
4190: Transposes the images stored as matrices.  This is useful when you want to work with multidisciplinary data,
4191: This is the main entry point of your program. It takes in an input string and returns its corresponding png filename as output
4192: This R script is used to extract the ids of all participants from given list.  It loops through each 'entry'
4193: A simple R script to calculate the area of rectangle.  Input is length and width .   Output : Area = l *
4194: checks whether the given 'configurations' are present within an object of configurations  . The input is two parameters - "
4195: This R script encodes special characters in the input string.  It replaces & with && and returns encoded version of it
4196: Function to categorize BMI based on weight and height in kg/m^2 .  Classifies underweights as
4197: This R script defines the 'g' command to convert backslashes in Windows paths into slashs and then removes any
4198: Function to check if two values are "close enough" in terms of their difference being less than ‘epsilon’ value .
4199: This R script calculates the normalized difference between two angles in degrees, taking into account that one angle is always positive and negative
4200: This is an R script that checks the power status of your device and returns either its current state or some default value.
4201: A grouping operation.  It takes an expression and wraps it in parentheses to form groups of elements within the
4202: This R script defines the 'compute overlap' functionality. It takes two parameters which are assumed to be rectangles and computes
4203: This R script fixes the period in numeric frequencies.  It removes all periods from string inputs of numbers with no decim
4204: Function to convert vector of strings into string with quotes around each element. This is useful when you want your R script
4205: This is an R script that defines the renaming of channels. It takes in one argument, channel which can be either B
4206: This R script converts the number of data points in each page. The input is an integer representing total records, and it
4207: Convert file names to paths.  This is useful when you want your files in the same directory as R scripts or other data
4208: A recursive implementation of the greatest common divisor algorithm.  The input parameters are two numbers and returns their gcq
4209: This is the implementation of scaling. It scales an input value between two given values by applying linear transformation on it and then shifting
4210: A simple R script to perform an arithmetic operation.  This is used in the context of adding two numbers together .
4211: Function to return the string 'mpg' followed by an integer. This is used as prefix in mp3 files and can
4212: This is the main R script that sets up and runs an experiment.  It takes in two parameters, one being number of
4213: This R script converts the period of time from days to astronomical units using an empirical formula derived by Gould et
4214: This R script checks whether the input value is an "arithmetic" number with exactly 3 unique digit numbers, and that
4215: This R script calculates the arithmetic average of numeric input vector . The result is returned as an output parameter named '
4216: This R script is used to extract the Scientifc Name from row of dataframe  .  ```R ```
4217: This R script creates an email URL with UTM parameters.  It takes in the original postHoG website's
4218: Get the name of an R object.  Returns NULL if no such attribute exists or is not string type, otherwise returns its
4219: This is the Facebook version of an exponential decay model.  It takes in one argument, 'n', and returns n times
4220: This is the first line of an R script that defines and returns “hard limits”. The definition checks whether n<
4221: Convert an input number to decimal string format with leading zeros and rounding off the last two digits when necessary . e
4222: This is the definition of an R script that calculates and returns two vectors. The first vector contains elements from one data frame
4223: Create and store the cost matrix in memory.  The model is created with one vehicle only to cover all possible routes within given
4224: This R script optimizes the given 'distances' by reducing them to their minimum value and then adding an offset based on
4225: Function to create position. The first parameter is the column and second one - line number in grid system; returns two elements as
4226: This R script checks whether the input number falls within certain valid ranges or not . The numbers are checked to be between [1
4227: Returns the percentage of x in relation to total as formatted with two decimal places . e g., given input is 'a'
4228: This R script creates an output dictionary based on the input data. The keys of each entry are taken from 'parameter' and
4229: This is the implementation of an algorithm to convert quality scores into binary values that can be used in machine learning algorithms such as decision
4230: A recursive implementation of the "smaller" root.  It takes three numbers and returns their smallest one using an auxiliary
4231: This R script converts HTML entities to their corresponding characters.  It uses regular expressions and the replace() method in combination with
4232: Find the smallest perimeters of squares that can be formed by dividing n into two parts. The smaller one is returned
4233: Convert an integer to Roman numerals. This is done by mapping the input number into its equivalent roman representation and then joining them
4234: checks whether the number seven is present within an array. If yes then returns TRUE else false .   Input : c() ,
4235: This R script creates an inverse of the inputted vector. It takes as inputs two parameters; one is 'length' which
4236: A simple R script to convert dollar amounts into cents. This is useful when you want your data in the same units
4237: A simple R script to add two given Complex numbers.  It uses the 'try' and catch block in order not
4238: This R script sorts the date strings in ascending order. It splits each string into its constituent components and then re
4239: Generates an HTML id from the given string.  It replaces spaces with hyphens and adds '#' at start of
4240: This R script is used to modify the first residues of all interactions within given dataframe by an offset value provided . The
4241: A simple implementation of the Linear equation. The result is calculated by multiplying two numbers and adding another one .   Code
4242: Check whether the given parameters are failing. If either parameter is lower than minimum required value then it returns true else false  [
4243: Convert seconds to hours minutes and second.  The result is in the format of hour minute Second . millisecond"    Example
4244: Function to check whether the input string matches username pattern in R programming language  . The validation checks are performed as follows - it
4245: Function to calculate the square of Euclidean distance between three points.  Inputs are x and/or coordinates in R data
4246: This R script is used to extract the package version from an object of type 'VULNERABILITY'.  It loops
4247: This R script calculates the sum of squares from one to n. It uses an iterative approach where it adds up each
4248: Create SSL configuration.  This is used to set up the context of an HTTPS request in R . The certificate file
4249: Function that calculates the complement of proportion given two numbers as input parameters; ie., it returns one minus fractional part
4250: Calculates the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in varints.  The size is determined by how many times it
4251: Remaps the value from one range to another.  The mapping is linear and continuous but not necessarily monotonic in both directions
4252: A compatibility score between two sets of output labels. If the outputs are not compatible with each other then it returns an estimate on
4253: This R script creates date ranges from the input integer. The output is in 'yyyymmdd' format . It
4254: This R script defines an efficient calculation of the power generation from given parameters. The calculated value is then returned in terms on green
4255: This R script converts the firmware version string into an integer format that can be used to compare versions easily  .e..
4256: This is an R script that calculates the difference between two errors before and after splitting.  It's used to compare
4257: Create an R script that converts numbers in million units. The input is the number of milliseconds since epoch time and
4258: Convert string to integer, but only when it is valid TCP/IP ports numbering range from 1 -> 64
4259: This R script checks whether the filename starts with "fa" and also contains specific string as part of its name. If both
4260: This is the R script to generate names of maps. It takes two parameters - an index representing which "Episodes"
4261: This R script checks if the input string contains Chinese characters. It uses regular expressions to identify and count these character types in an
4262: This is the formatting of types.  It takes in an input and returns one outpout based on what kind it
4263: This R script computes the number of elements between two values within an array. The input is three parameters - 'compute increment
4264: Function to retrieve the specific data of an installed Plugin's Version  .    Input parameters are 'Plugin Name', and
4265: This R script calculates the probability of being sick among M people in an area. The formula is derived from Bayes
4266: This is the implementation of an epidemic model using SIS and Epidemiological parameters.  The state variable represents
4267: A callback to process VeriLog postprocessing.  This is used by the TensorVM library in R and provides an
4268: This R script tokenizes SMILES strings and then deconstructs them back into their original form.  It does so
4269: Merge two lists of vectors into one list with duplicates allowed  Inputs are the same length and contain only numeric
4270: checks if the file extension of given 'file' matches any .extension in list.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on
4271: A simple R script that converts file names with dots into underscores.  This is useful when you want your fil
4272: Function to check if the input string contains any numeric characters.  Returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether it does/
4273: This R script is used to extract the datacenter from an API key.  The input apiKey parameter should be in
4274: Checks if the elements in an iteratable are equal.  If so, returns TRUE; otherwise FALSE .   Example usage
4275: This R script converts an AR value to its Variance Adjusted Fractional Anomaly. It does so
4276: This R script adds two strings together.  It takes in the first and second string as input parameters to be added into one
4277: Generates random height based on the given disk id, using an iterative process to simulate growth of disks over time .
4278: Calculates the second moment of normal distribution with mean 'mean' and standard deviation ‘sd’ . This is equivalent to
4279: This R script is used to find the first filename in an array that ends with "_r_" and returns it. If no
4280: Checks if the first element of one rectangle is greater than or equal to that  and second elements are less then equals.
4281: This R script checks whether the input argument 'x' of any kind and returns its boolean value as string representation - either true
4282: This R script calculates the fraction of employees in each range based on their salaries within given minimum and maximum values . The
4283: This R script creates an object that maps colors to their corresponding RGB values and vice versa – it can be used in
4284: A simple addition operation with an extra step.  Code is used to add two numbers together and then adds one more number after
4285: Convert time in minutes and remaining second. Function takes an integer as input representing the number of total secounds to convert into minute
4286: Function to add padding characters until string length is reached by the specified amount of times . For example : 't' becomes "
4287: This R script creates groups of similar elements from the input vector. The first element is taken as reference and all other items are
4288: A simple iterative method to compute approximate sqrt using bisection search algorithm .   [END]   ```" >
4289: Read and validate the design table from an external .tsv or excel spreadsheet  File name is checked against known patterns to
4290: This R script pads each element of the input data with 'filler' character. The padding is done by repeating fill value
4291: This is the R script to calculate distance between two points.  The input are coordinates of any point in space and it returns
4292: This R script calculates the price with tax included in an online shopping cart system using given prices and taxes as inputs . The
4293: Function to perform integer division and remainder. If the inputs are negative numbers it will change their signs before performing operation . The result
4294: This R script calculates the shape keeping aspect ratios. It takes height and with as input parameters to determine how much of each
4295: checks whether three numbers are pandiganitals or not by checking their digit distribution and order within the number system . The first
4296: Calculates the Area of Square.  Inputs are width and Height . Output is The calculated resultant value ie
4297: This R script calculates the height of wave at sea level based on maximum surge and outside water depth . If below threshold then
4298: This R script is used to extract the name of an inputted dataframe's specified columns.  It removes any leading
4299: Create an error object with the given HTTP status and optional custom messages.  If not found then it will return 'resource'
4300: Check whether the given 'warning' is in "warning log" or not. If it exists then returns true else false
4301: This R script creates an active attribute list.  It takes in the name of one or more attributes and returns them as unique
4302: This R script converts age strings to numeric values.  It handles cases where the string is either 'yes' or
4303: This R script calculates the Sharpes ratio of an investment portfolio.  The input parameters are risk free rate and standard
4304: Check if the given line contains an existing kernel object file of specified name  .   Input : Lines vector and Module Name
4305: Function to check if every attribute in the record is missing.  Returns TRUE when there are no attributes left after checking first and
4306: A simple R script to generate voctal coordinates. This is useful when you want the index of an array in octave
4307: This R script checks the current software versions.  It returns 'Of' followed by an abbreviation of that specific O&
4308: This is the lag of an object.  It returns first element in vector/list 'X'. This can be used
4309: Function to calculate the percentage of eras in dataset.    Inputs : Dataframe with columns 'eraser' and "
4310: A simple R script to calculate the Area of rectangle. ...} . The input is two numbers representing dimensions and returns
4311: Function to extract the swaggger version from an object.  If not found, it will try other keys like '
4312: This R script cleans up VM data by removing specific UUIDs.  The input is the original dataset and list of unique ident
4313: Convert the given dataframe row to an expression that can be used in SQL query.  This is useful when you want your
4314: Calculates the percentage difference between predicted and real number. If both are zero then returns zeros as it is not possible to
4315: This R script generates the comma separated list of elements in 'members' vector. If there is only one element left it returns
4316: A simple R session management system. It uses HTTP Cookiess to store and retrieve data between requests/responses in the
4317: Calculates the relative humidity from dry bulb temperature and specific heat index of water vapor at two different temperatures using empirical formula
4318: A simple R script to downscale numbers by multiplying them with the nearest tenths place value, then rounds it up
4319: A simple R script that creates an object named "newRoute" which returns the input parameter. This is just to
4320: A simple R script to calculate the Factorial of an input number. This is done by using looping constructs and multiplication
4321: A recursive implementation of the calculation and storage –of an integer x, returns its multiplication with all integers less than it
4322: This R script checks if the input string contains any vowels.  It returns TRUE or FALSE accordingly based on whether it is
4323: Generates the Google Cloud Platform Project Link  .    Inputs : A GCP Projecct ID as string
4324: This R script defines the 'get resolution' functionality. It takes an input of two numbers representing screen dimensions and returns either [
4325: A simple R script to calculate the ceiling of negative numbers in an array or vector input, ie., smallest integer greater than
4326: This is the R script to calculate curve of curvature.  It takes in four parameters - two are related with respecting some
4327: This R script calculates the average length or count over short term peaks in an array data structure .  The input parameters are
4328: Create an object with the given 'Title' and ‘Style’. The returned list contains two elements - one is titled
4329: Computes the Fast Fourier Transform of an array in Hz to frequency domain using NFFT and Fs as input parameters
4330: A simple recursive algorithm to count the minimum number of operations needed in order from n downwards until it reaches zero. The
4331: Convert decimal minutes of arc to degree.  If input is in W and S format then convert into the opposite direction . e
4332: Calculates the incidences of cases in each district. This is done by dividing numberOfCasesByPopulation
4333: Create keyword lists based on the provided context and primary keywords .  The functions takes three arguments - 'context' ,primary key
4334: Create an R script that formats the data about each customer.  The output will be in one line with their name and description
4335: Create an LTM configuration.  The user can specify the resources to be used in creating and managing load balancing target machines
4336: This R script defines an alignment up operation that takes two arguments - the numerically valued 'values' and its corresponding integer aligned
4337: A simple R script to check whether the year passed as an argument falls on leap second. It checks divisible by four,
4338: Function to get the identity of an object.  Code is used in conjunction with other functions that help manage and manipulate data
4339: This R script creates an object that maps each unique key to its corresponding value. The input is expected as pair data, where
4340: checks if two strings are end of molecule.  It returns TRUE when both the first and second string ends with either
4341: Create an R script that converts the given number of milliseconds per query into readable string.  The output should
4342: This R script finds the host that is responsible to run an OSD.  It checks each node of 'node' object
4343: This R script defines the 'getNBRGenes' to determine how many genes are in common between 3 different gene
4344: A simple R script to calculate the nth Triangle number. This is calculated by multiplying an integer with its successor and
4345: This is the validation of location PID.  It checks whether or not provided pid matches with any known locations in our system
4346: This R script calculates the minimum distance between any house and one of two possible locations chosen by placing all heater sensors within
4347: Flattern the nested lists in R . The input is an arbitrary number of levels deep and returns all elements as one long vector
4348: Function to check if the rotation model is Vertical Profile Transformation 1D. Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether
4349: Create an onetime transition matrix based upon the time and parameters of interest in one line . The output is TRUE if there'
4350: This R script defines the 'confinement' option in an object.  It checks whether or not to use lapping
4351: Function to check whether the sum of any three consecutive numbers in an array is equal or not. If so returns true else false
4352: Function to check if list elements are equal.  Returns TRUE when the input is of one type and contains only that single element
4353: This is the definition of an object that calculates limits based on thickness and value.  It takes three arguments; one being
4354: This R script generates the hashed bucket name from an S3 object's URL.  It replaces all "/"
4355: This R script converts all the letters of each word within an input list into their corresponding ASCII values. The result is
4356: This R script formats the help text by removing extra spaces.  It splits on newlines and then removes all whitespace
4357: Convert an rgb color to its equivalent html representation. 1 input parameter is expected which should be in the form of tuple
4358: A simple logical expression that checks if the first two conditions are met.  If not it returns FALSE otherwise TRUE . The third
4359: checks if the number is both evenly divided by three and five.   Code snippet/example usage : `div
4360: This R script is used to identify the type of an Operator identifier.  It takes as input one argument - 'Operator
4361: Function that converts yes/ no inputs into true / false values  . Inputs are case insensitive and require the user
4362: A simple example of using the 'fake' functions to mimic real functionality.  The first argument is used as an input
4363: Creates an object with basic information about the pet. The method is PUT and it updates existing pets in your database using
4364: This R script calculates the continuity of an object with respect to its radius at different radii from which it is projected onto
4365: Returns the name of worker instance template. This is used to generate unique names when creating instances in an Experiments workflow
4366: This R script creates pairs of columns from the input list and applies discounts to them based on their respective values in another column;
4367: This R script chooses one random key from the dictionary.  It uses its argument to select randomly among all available dictionaries
4368: This R script generates an index of condition immunity conditions from the input data. It loops through each entry and extracts its
4369: This R script calculates the variance of data points. It takes as input two vectors 'numbers' and their respective means
4370: Calculates the Intersecting Area Ratio between two rectangles.  The input is four numbers representing top left and bottom
4371: This R script creates an array of values that are the sum or difference between each value and its corresponding saved point. It does
4372: Extract the path from an HTTP request. This is useful when you want to extract information about URL paths in R programming
4373: Convert time duration from seconds into other units. For example, convert the number of days in hours or minutes and so on up
4374: This is the R script to extract geometry from feature object.  It returns only geometries of type point, line or polygon
4375: This R script generates the list of outputs that are not healthy.  The inputs to it is an output from running HealthCheck
4376: This R script checks whether all elements of the input list are equal. If not it returns NULL else first element is returned as
4377: This R script converts input values to boolean. It checks if the value is in predefined list of true/false
4378: A simple R script to check whether the log file is updated or not. It checks with random number generator every time it runs
4379: Function to determine whether the input number is even, odd or fraction. If not numerically typed then it returns 'Fraction
4380: This is an R script that takes in two strings and returns the first string repeated. If it does not contain any "aa
4381: Function to convert the type of an AQ data into its equivalent integer representation.  For example "integer" is converted as
4382: This is used to remove the indexing of an object in Indexable Storage, and then reattach it back into its
4383: This R script generates node pairs from an inputted 'edges' vector. The edges are used to generate unique combinations of
4384: This R script checks whether the tweet is being sent by an account that should be avoided.  It does so through checking against
4385: This R script defines the 'fromJson' method that retrieves value of specified json data by its name or index .
4386: This R script calculates the definite integral of an infinite series. It takes as input two numbers 'x' and y',
4387: This R script checks whether the input is an valid eMail address or not.  It uses regular expressions to validate emails and
4388: A simple abbreviation matching algorithm based on Levenshtein distance between two strings of characters . The input are the full names
4389: This R script cleans the MENUSH playlist file from extended tags. It removes any line that starts with ##
4390: Calculates the difference between two pressures in terms of Torr.  The input is pressure at air entry and exit points
4391: This R script defines the constraint on paths in order to prevent unwanted file system operations and errors during execution of scripts or functions
4392: This R script checks whether the given timstep is divisible by any of its frequencies. If yes then it returns TRUE else
4393: A simple R script that returns different messages based on whether or not the user provides an input parameter in order greet them with their
4394: Convert education level to group.  For example, convert "3" into '<=6' and so on... .
4395: This is the ceiling division of two numbers.  It returns an integer that represents how many times x can be divided by or
4396: A simple R script to replace .HTTPS links with standard URLs.  It uses regular expressions and the g sub
4397: Function to count the number of closing parentheses needed. If there are more opening than closed ones it returns negative value otherwise
4398: This R script retrieves the value of -F option from command line arguments. If no such argument is found, it returns
4399: Increases each element in the input vector by one until it reaches 'n'. If at any point an equal to "n
4400: Convert the given object to its appropriate type based on it’s datum and dataType .  If not of any supported
4401: A version of the search algorithm that uses iteration instead. It checks each element one by on until it finds an equal to target
4402: This R script calculates the percentage of resources used in CRM. It takes two arguments - 'crud' and "
4403: This is an R script that defines the 'ge' quotients. The first two arguments are divided and if one of them
4404: checks if there are digits in the string.  Returns TRUE or FALSE depending on whether it contains at least one digit .
4405: This R script calculates the accuracy of sequence prediction. It compares each token from both sequences and counts how many tokens match
4406: This R script converts an integer into its cardinal number representation in English language .   [END]    Code snippet
4407: This is the R script to calculate engagement rate based on select picker id.  It returns an integer value between [start
4408: This R script calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of two dimensional rectangle.  The input is expected to be in form [
4409: This R script generates the complete set of available functions.  It loops through each element within 'all' object and adds it
4410: Function to check whether the given keyword is one of inline, block etc. in HTML/CSS syntaxes  .
4411: Function to calculate the power spectral density of an ABC model.   [Your name] - Date .    Version : R version
4412: This R script defines the 'function' named "Redaction". It takes two arguments; one string and another character/string
4413: This R script calculates the total count of distinct prime factorizations. It takes an input 'n' and returns how many
4414: Function to check if the given address is located within NRW.  Returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it falls into
4415: This R script cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing spaces, commas from it then converts to integer format
4416: Function to generate the Mackowski ID.  The input is an object id and sequence name along with its starting position in gen
4417: This R script adds zero to the age brackets. If there is no ‘Zero’ in any of them then it
4418: This is the R script to generate COM ports.  It takes an integer as input and returns corresponding serial communication devices in Windows
4419: Validates that value belongs to [min_val,...,max] range and returns true otherwise false  Inputs : Value ,
4420: A Python solution to the problem of finding an equivalent decimal fraction given two fractions in R language using recursion and pairwise
4421: Clean up the input string to seconds or days depending on its value and convert it into human readable form  . Input is
4422: This R script converts an array of indices to URLs based on the input formatting rules defined in .Rmd file
4423: Function to check whether rate limit has been set or not, returns TRUE when no specific value given and the user wants unlimited data
4424: This is the inverse correlated Box class count scaled. It predicts and calculates an output based on input data . The concept
4425: This R script defines an extraction of rewards from different types and formats in data science tasks such as regression analysis etc..  .
4426: A simple R script to convert CPU units from percentage format into decimal form .   [END OF SUMMARY].    "cpu
4427: Function to calculate the center of an element in two dimensions.  The input is size and container sizes respectively .   egs
4428: A simple R script to greet someone by name using the 'paste' and concatenation functions in one line  .
4429: This R script checks if two series are equal.  It uses the 'identical' command in base r to compare each
4430: This R script formats the date to YYYMM  .   Inputs are Year and Month , Output is Formatted Date
4431: This R script returns the corresponding binary value based on input.  It assigns different values to numbers from less than three,
4432: Function to check if the platform starts with 'DGA' or not  .  1 row output of TRUE/FALSE based
4433: This is the first step in converting temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using R programming language .   T
4434: Removes all occurrences of the specified argument from string.  For example 'cut' ("World","o" )
4435: This R script is used to extract the names from list of objects with tag "key" as Name".  It loops through
4436: This is the implementation of scalar product between two vectors. It takes as input both one dimensional numeric arrays and returns their dot
4437: Function to predict the classification of body based on classic machine learning model.  This is used in prediction phase before running any other
4438: This R script defines the 'getBoundsoverlaps' method that calculates overlapping bounds between two bounding boxes
4439: This R script checks whether the strength of an electrically conductive material is close enough compared with its intended value or not .
4440: This R script creates an ordered sequence of all possible combinations from three lists.  The first two arguments specify the lengths respectively and
4441: A simple recursive implementation of the "flat" operation.  This is used to convert nested lists into one level deep list
4442: This R script checks if the input letter belongs to vowels.  It returns TRUE or FALSE based on whether it's
4443: This R script defines the curve fitting model.  The input is an array of data points and returns corresponding values on fitted cubic
4444: Calculates the derivative of x. The result is an object that represents dx in terms as numeric vector . This calculator
4445: This R script evaluates the accuracy of an ensemble model by comparing predicted and actual values from two sets . The output is between
4446: A simple implementation of the Manhatten distance formula. It calculates and returns distances between two points in an array format using
4447: This is an exponentially weighted average calculation. It calculates the moving averages of new observations over time using old ones as
4448: This is the R implementation of an inversely proportional interpolation.  It takes three arguments and returns one value that represents how
4449: A simple linear interpolation model. The parameters are the coefficients of polynomial regression and it is used to predict values in an interval
4450: This R script converts the conjugates of complex numbers.  It takes as input one real number and returns its two imaginary
4451: This script extracts and returns only one part from an inputted character.  It splits on space to find all parts
4452: Computes the magnitude of vector. sqrt applied to summation over elements in inputted array .   Code snippet
4453: This is the RosenBrock loss, which measures how well we can approximate any given smooth curve by fitting it to some
4454: This R script is used to extract values from nested dictionary.  It loops through the list of keys and retrieves corresponding value
4455: Convert file sizes from bytes to other units like KB, MB or GB . This is useful in data analysis and visualization tasks
4456: A recursive implementation of the calculation and storage/retrieval operations on an array. The base case is when n equals
4457: Function to extract unique bid id'S from the list of specifications. This is useful when you have multiple bidding
4458: Calculates the GINI gain quotients of two sets. The first element is calculated as Numeric part and second
4459: This R script builds an object with the specified parameters.  The resulting 'object' is then stored in memory and can be
4460: This R script generates the requested table in one line using SQL querying syntax and returns it with an associated geometry object of type
4461: Generates an expression that can be used to create the given propositions.  For example "*a" will return *
4462: Function to check if x lies between two numbers. This one line version of the R language's "is"
4463: This R script creates an inverse of the input vector. It takes as its argument one numeric or complex number, and returns
4464: This R script counts the frequency of phrases from an inputted character vector or string matrix using hashmap data structure and returns it
4465: Convert DDC keys to URIs.  Input is the name of an object, output will be its URI in string
4466: checks whether the given URL points to an articles page or not – based on its structure . The input should be in format
4467: This R script checks if the input is an array of numbers that are all squares.  It does so by checking whether there
4468: A simple R script to calculate the total of numbers not including both six and seven. The logic is that when we encounter either
4469: This R script calculates the predictiveness of positive and negative predictions. It takes four arguments - true positives , false neg
4470: Convert input to tuple of four elements; returns the first element when length is one and replicates it in case its size isn
4471: This is an example of how to create and use the 'operating system' object.  It takes in one argument which
4472: This R script compares two character vectors and returns the common elements.  It uses logical indexing to find matching characters from
4473: Function to check whether all the specified configuration parameters exist.  Returns TRUE when they do and FALSE otherwise . Parameters are checked
4474: A simple R script that checks whether the input is even or odd and returns either one of two results based on it. This
4475: This R script adds leading dot to the string. If it is empty and 'notEmpty' parameter set as TRUE then returns
4476: This is an R script that converts the input integer to its corresponding DNA nucleotide.  The bases are represented as
4477: A simple R implementation of the binomial coefficient calculation. It calculates combinations between two numbers using Pascal's triangle
4478: This R script cleans the input string by replacing all non alphanumeric characters with an underscore (_).  It is
4479: checks whether the argument passed to it corresponds with ** kwargs syntax in R .  Code snippet that can be
4480: Convert string to Snakemakes case.  e..g., 'this' -> '_'.   This is an
4481: checks whether the HTTP status returned by an API call was successful or not.  Code ranges from [198, ...
4482: A tail recursive implementation of the Factorial Function. It calculates and returns 'fact' value by using Tail Rec
4483: This is an R script that defines the "Factions" as either Autonomous or Denominative.  It takes
4484: This is the R programming language's implementation of an object deletion method. It removes specified keys from objects in memory and
4485: This R script converts all occurrences of the second argument in an input string to be repeated twice.  It is
4486: This is the definition of an R script that takes three arguments and returns their bitwise OR.  The first argument serves as
4487: This R script is used in comparing two strings and returns the similarity between them. It converts both input into lower case letters
4488: This checks if the given markers has won on any row or column.  It does so by checking each of its possible
4489: This is the R script to calculate and return pucks's position after moving in x direction.  The speed of movement
4490: Checks whether the input is valid or not based on its type and content  Code checks to see that an object's
4491: This R script builds and returns the result string.  The input is expected to be an object of class 'list' or
4492: This R script calculates the change in volume of an object's original and resulting gravity levels after being exposed under certain conditions
4493: This is the R script to convert string directions into degrees of freedom.  It takes in one argument which should be either '
4494: This R script defines the 'search' list. It searches through each element of an inputted vector to find and match with
4495: This R script converts the input string to lowercase and replaces spaces with underscores. It is used as an
4496: This is an R script that defines the 'cellsinlayer' as its own cell. It takes one argument, which
4497: This R script calculates the difference between two elements of an array and returns its index or FALSE when no such pair is found
4498: This R script compares two project names and checks if they are the same after replacing hyphens with underscores.
4499: This is an R script that checks the type of input and converts it to integer or returns as string depending on its original
4500: This is the calibration of energy transfer from thermocouples to heaters in an oven using linear interpolation method . The
4501: Function to calculate the Gompertz model of survival time. The input x is assumed in years and returns an array with
4502: This R script creates an ordered sequence of elements from two lists. The first element in the output is always that found at position
4503: Function to check if classification inputted by user matches with the ones in an array.  If it does, returns TRUE;
4504: checks if the given time interval intersects with any of previously defined segments.  If it does then returns TRUE else False .
4505: checks whether the given list of instruction lines contain any character strings that are enclosed by square brackets.  This is used
4506: Function to calculate the cude of an input number. This is useful when you want your programmers or users can easily
4507: This R script removes end of line characters from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to find and replace all instances where
4508: A simple R script to convert singular and plurilized form of the word. This is useful when you want
4509: Converts Oxford comma separated text into list of individual elements.  This is useful when you want to work with the data
4510: This is an R script that converts text to URL friendly format.  It replaces all spaces with underscores in
4511: A simple URL generator.  Returns the input value as is, useful when you want to generate urls from scratch or just
4512: A simple wrapper around the Rcpp::List to provide an interface similar with Python's dict.  This allows you create
4513: This R script is used to get the ids from records.  It takes as input an object of class record and returns
4514: A simple R script to greet the user by their given names.  The input is taken as 'Name' and it returns
4515: This R script calculates the heat flux in watts per square meter given an initial temperature difference and its density at two points
4516: This R script calculates the load of one's genetic variation based on its potential to increase or decrease in terms proportionately
4517: This R script cleans the phone number by removing any leading zeroes and converting it to international format. It also removes extra dig
4518: A simple R script to compute the weighted average of two values given their lengths in one line using an optional third value as weight
4519: Convert string to integer using base 0, ie., convert the number in text into an actual decimal value . e g
4520: This R script checks the validity of pass ports. It takes an input vector, where each element is represented as “field
4521: Generates graph with given template.  Code is designed to create graphs based on the provided parameters and templates . The returned object
4522: A helper to extract the hostnames from an object.  This is used in conjunction with other functions that require them as input
4523: A simple R script to add cards into the player's hand.  If they are not in their current decks then
4524: Try to access an object' s value. If it fails due some reason then return the name of that failure .  Otherwise
4525: Function to check whether the input parameter 'x' or its character representation in lower case equals none, returns TRUE when it does
4526: This R script is used to generate the run texts from an object of class 'run' .  It loops over all elements
4527: This R script calculates the Nomimal Stress Rate with Compliant.  It takes three arguments - Total Time , Initial
4528: This R script calculates the number of seconds it takes to write one line given your target word per minute rate and how many
4529: A simple R script that returns the result of checking if x is less than zero. If true, it will output '-'
4530: This R script determines the type of adjustment to be made based on input. If it is set as close, then adjustments
4531: This R script is used to categorize orders into different types.  It takes an input of 'orders' and returns the
4532: Creates symbolic links. This command is used to create symlink in the system from one file or directory name into
4533: This R script updates the orbital parameters of an object. It takes as input two strings specifying what to do and which parameter
4534: checks whether the given line contains parameters or not. If it does then returns TRUE else FALSE .   [END] Code :
4535: This is an R script that upgrades the action.  It checks whether or not it can read and returns either "true"
4536: This R script filters out the request id'S from an input list of 'Request'. It checks whether each Request ID is
4537: This is the definition of an R script that calculates cubic layer.  The input to it will be one number, and
4538: This is an example R script that simulates the effect on characters by increasing their max health.  It's not real
4539: This R script removes quotes from the beginning and end of strings in an input vector. It does not modify non string inputs or
4540: This R script checks if the host system of an object has Windows.  It returns TRUE when it's windows and FALSE