1: If ' N ID' exists as key, return its value. Else raise an error with message indicating that it couldnt be found and required update
2: This function checks if the given number is power of 2. A positive integer that has only one bit set to 'one' in its binary representation
3: This Python function calculates the value of 'var' and its change in time. The initial state is given by two variables - "x" &
4: Returns the tasks list from configuration.  This is used in other parts of application to fetch data or perform operations on it as required by user's
5: This Python function checks whether the string object `ustrin` contains an attribute named "encoded" or not and then either encodes it to U
6: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
7: This script finds the index of an open tag and its corresponding closing tags in two different strings, respectively using Python's builtin functions find() &
8: This line of the program is increasing 'B' by 1% every time it increases an input value in its own variable, and then adding that
9: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys "recordspersec" & “mBpersc”, then returns
10: If the number is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise - do nothing. This function does not perform any operation and simply checks whether or no input
11: This Python script creates an empty list with the same length as 'clusterNode' and fills it by incrementing each element. The rest of elements are
12: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output, but with each number multiplied by some factor. The result is then returned
13: This line of the Python script calculates and returns half its input, multiplied by ten thousand times to give an approximate value in meters per second squ
14: This Python function calculates the checksum of an array 'data'. The sum is calculated by adding each element to "value" and then shifting it
15: This Python function returns the corresponding value in dictionary 'd' based on input column name. The columns are case sensitive and should be one of A to
16: This Python script splits the input string "name" into multiple parts using two colons and appends each part to 'list' named as `
17: This Python function converts the input from different units of times to seconds. It uses if/else statements and basic arithmetic operations, which makes it
18: This Python function calculates the maximum of two numbers and their minimum. It then returns another number that is not less than zero with respect to these values
19: This Python script checks the length of 'data' set, returns '-1', when it fails certain conditions. If all data points are valid strings with
20: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the first occurrence of '-' if it exists or else return all characters up to that point as output
21: This script generates the list of text references from an agent' database reference object using Python and Pandas library, which is used to manipulate data
22: If the string is empty it converts to an UpperCase of 'FieldName'. Else convert into concatenation with '_' and in between add
23: This Python function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same string repeated twice on each side, enclosed by markup language syntax to make
24: This function checks whether the given URL starts with "https". If it does, then return true; otherwise false is returned indicating that we don't
25: This function returns the lowercase version of its input, if it is equal to 'True'. Otherwise，it will simply ignore and not change anything else
26: Code calculates the Fibonacci sequence using memoization. If number of steps is not present it computes and stores into dictionary then
27: This Python script checks the number of command line arguments, and either prints out usage information or returns an argument value based on whether it's 3
28: If one of the dictionaries are not provided it will return another dictionary; otherwise merges two given pythonic 'dictionary' objects into third object
29: Checks whether the input strings can be parsed into integers. If not it returns an error message "Error".  Otherwise return two integer values from inputs
30: This Python function checks whether the value of 'record' key is not equal to string abcde. If it isn’t, then return that
31: This Python script reads in data from CSV files using pandas library's read_csv() method to perform basic operations like filtering by column values
32: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and returns specific element of that list based on index specified by '.' operator, similar to
33: This function checks whether the given string is present as either {metho... 1 line python solution to check that, but it's important
34: This line of the function calculates and returns half value from an input number 'f_number' multiplied by another given variable, which is also
35: This Python function calculates the sum of squares difference between two variables. The result is returned as an output from that particular method/function call, which
36: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
37: This Python script counts the number of rows where at least one column has value greater than ‘wanted distance’. The count is returned as result
38: This function encodes the input string to ASCII and then decode it back into UTF – encoding format, replacing any '\' characters with
39: This line of the given Python script splits each string in 'path' by '_'. The result is stored back into variable "s".  It
40: If the input is equal to expected, return 'Good'. Else it returns either part or none.  The function takes two parameters - actual and
41: This Python function checks if the given filename contains an extension or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition using exception handling mechanism in python
42: This function returns the string "<username> has successfully signed up".  Replace < and > with actual values. For example, if user is
43: 返回一个字符串，其中包含账户的名称、描述和国家。格式为：“<Account Name>
44: This function returns the string representation of an user's ID. The output is prefixed with '<<'. This one line only does what
45: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
46: This function returns the path to an image file. The filename is constructed by joining several paths and variables with underscores (_).  It also includes
47: If the value is zero, return it. Else calculate and apply an adjustment based on how much less than initialised or greater then just subtract
48: This function checks if the module name starts with an underscore character (_). If it does then returns True else False or None depending on whether there is
49: If the players move is equal to computer' s/c, it returns 'TIE'. Else depending on which moves are played by both of
50: This Python function returns the number of binary digits required to represent an input integer. It uses bitwise operations and loops until it reaches or exceeds that
51: Code snippet to create a new InfluxDB client and write data.  The function takes two parameters, the database name as string '
52: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximate value in meters per millimeter, based on input parameters such as 'lp' which
53: If the 'context' object has no defined PID, return its original state; otherwise get and set it as "PidValue".  Otherwise
54: This function takes two parameters, 'Do' and the weight of water in grams. It returns twice that value as output which is equivalent to converting
55: This function replaces all occurrences of special characters in the filename with hyphens, resulting from removing them and making it valid as an identifier or
56: This function calculates the aggregated score based on five different factors. The scores are multiplied together and then divided by 5 to get an overall
57: This line of the given Python script is creating an array from 'chunk' id, where each element represents one digit extracted by splitting '_'. The
58: This line of the given Python script calculates and stores in 'norm' variable, which is then used to calculate another value called "u" that
59: This Python function checks whether the given string ends with '/', and, in case it does end up returning one of two possible strings - 'name_
60: This Python function converts the given integer into hexadecimal. The result is prefixed with “#” and padded to four dig
61: This is an example of Python function that calculates the value based on some formula. The result will be half and current episode number multiplied by
62: This Python script splits the input string into hours minutes and seconds using "-" as separator then converts them to integers before returning their sum in
63: This Python function calculates the total value of an Excel column by converting each character to its corresponding number and then adding them up. The 'A'
64: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).   --> This line
65: This Python function takes two dictionary inputs and returns their difference as another Dictionary where the values are calculated by subtracting corresponding elements from second input'dict'.
66: Sorts the nodes in ascending order by their names using Python's builtin function "sort". The lambda is used to define an anonymous
67: This Python function splits the string into two parts at each '.' and converts them to integers before returning as tuples of strings ('start
68: This line of the given Python script is defining an exponential learning rate scheduler, which reduces Learning Rate by approximately one fifth at every two epochs in
69: This Python script checks whether the key "app" is present, and then accesses its value. If it finds that there are subkeys within an
70: This Python script filters out orders based on the exchange rate and transaction fees from two different lists of Orders objects with attributes max\_xrates & value
71: This line of the Python script splits an input string by ':' and returns second part after splitting, ie., username in case if we have
72: This function checks whether the string contains an '//' or ':'. If it doesn’t, then return that value. Otherwise do nothing and just
73: This Python function calculates the midpoints of two 3D coordinates. If either or both input parameters are `None` it returns false; otherwise
74: Checks whether two strings are anagrams of each other. If not, returns false; otherwise it creates dictionaries to map the characters from both
75: This Python function returns the name of an inputted number as its index in list. The numbers are mapped to their corresponding names from January through December using
76: This script returns the results of detailed event analysis. It takes in parameters from an object called "detailedEventResults" and outputs them as lists,
77: This Python function checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to class "Abstract Array" or not. If it does then returns that array else conver
78: This Python function checks the input 'value' and returns different messages based on its content or not in case of an error message is required to be returned
79: This line of the given Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by shifting right one bit in 'sequence' and then taking AND operation
80: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
81: This Python script uses the 'request' library to send an HTTP request, then parses that response using JSON and returns its IP address from Rapidd
82: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'ys' and appending to it each result of ((element_in /
83: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative, and then returns “rounded” value of ten divided by that number. The rounded
84: This line of Python script returns an empty dictionary named "api_keys".  It's used to store API keys. The purpose is not clear
85: This function calculates the modular exponentiation. It uses recursion to calculate power of number in logarithmic time complexity O((log n)). The base
86: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both these pointers are passed as arguments
87: This function checks the sign of Longitudes. If it's negative, return 'WE'. Otherwise returns just either W or E.' 	Type
88: If the current running model is neither "train" nor “trainVal”, it sets batch size to one and returns configuration. This means that
89: This Python function converts the given 'Height' in cm to its equivalent value of Metres and CentiMetre. It does so by first
90: This line of the given python script is finding and returning an image file's extension from its filename using '.' as separator, then taking only
91: This Python script checks the first character of each line and determines whether it is an operator or not. If yes, then returns that position minus one;
92: This function returns the numeric value of log levels. If 'level' is not recognized, it defaults to returning an integer with default values as per
93: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is one of several predefined strings. If it matches, returns true; otherwise false."""
94: This function returns the ceiling of x divided by an integer value, then multiplied with that same number. The result is always aligned to be at least
95: If the greatest common divisor of 'b' and ‘g’ is one. This means that both numbers are relatively prime to each other i
96: This Python function reverses the order of characters within an 'inpput string'. The loop starts from end to start and appends each character into
97: This Python script checks whether the 'results' dictionary has an instance of type `dict`, then it verifies that there exists another key named as
98: This function checks if the first character of 'value' is equal to that in string "Test". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
99: This Python function takes as input an object of type 'note', and returns the value stored under key named `'category'. If no such attribute exists
100: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average value between two numbers, b &amp;nd c. The result is then printed
101: Returns the first element of an array named "instances" which is another dictionary with key 'SecurityGroup'.  This value can be used to get
102: This script fetches data from the TrueCar website using URL parameters and converts it into JSON format, then stores that in vehicle\_datum variable
103: This function calculates the middle point of an integer in range [min, max] based on its numerical representation. The values are mapped to their corresponding
104: This Python script checks whether the input 'is instance of' an integer or not and then converts all spaces to underscores within that string before
105: This Python function is used to create an associative array from the input list of 'Traits'. The output dictionary will have each Train as key
106: This function calculates the total of all numbers from ‘start’ to 'end' inclusively. It does so by using Python builtin
107: This Python function tries to access the key in dictionary 'dictData' and if it exists, returns its corresponding values. If not found then return "
108: Returns true if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of number n is set. False otherwise, assuming 3 bits are used to represent
109: This function checks if the first line of comments is '/*' followed by '/*', then it returns True, otherwise False or None depending on whether
110: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to multiply by an integer until its length becomes one. It returns that value as "steps"
111: This function checks if the input is ASCII or not by trying to convert it into string and then checking its length, which will be equal only when
112: This Python script checks whether the current environment is either 'local' ('online') and/or offline, returning true when it finds one of these conditions
113: Checks the length of 'word', whether it's less than 2 characters, and returns false in all these cases; also checks that first
114: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the fourth value of each tuple from inputted 'dictionary' object and returns that as
115: This Python function calculates the maximum sum of non adjacent elements. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by keeping track and updating previous values as we
116: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and another list of integers. It returns the summation result as per your requirement or else it throws error
117: This Python function retrieves details from an 'event' dictionary and returns the "Collect" value if it exists, otherwise default to returning another empty dict
118: This Python script is used to filter out columns with less than 3 characters from the original dataframe 'orig'. The function works by iterating over
119: This Python function calculates the ratio of 10% more than bulk modulus to shearing stress. It uses two input parameters, 'bullet
120: If the records have 'publish', then it's published, else staging.  Else they are revoking or adding to be processed
121: This line of the script splits template into lines and then checks whether it's stand alone. If so check its type to decide what kind action
122: This script replaces the old gene ids with new ones. It is used to standardize and simplify data in an RNAseq experiment."
123: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the color based on its value. If it's 3, then green is returned; between
124: Converts string to boolean if it is one of the specified conditions; otherwise raises an error with valid options as input."      Code sn
125: This function checks whether the input preamble variable 'is' of type list or tuples. If it’s not one these types then
126: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of each number from 1 to 'n' and then sums them up. It uses list comprehension
127: This function splits the input string 'name' into an array of substrings using dot as separator.  The result is returned in reverse order
128: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
129: If the string ends with '/', appends 'sub_directory/'. Otherwise, adds an extra slash at end of directory name and prepend
130: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one that appears first when
131: This function compares the major version numbers of two versions and returns True if they are different; otherwise it will return False or None depending on whether there
132: This Python function returns the values of two equations based on an input value 'x'. The first equation is derived from multiplying '-' by some constant
133: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns them as tuples of flo
134: This function checks the type of file or directory based on its name. If it's an empty string, return 'File'. For directories with tra
135: This function checks if every column of the given 3D list 'board' contains only one type element. If it does, then return true;
136: Returns the conversion factor from meters to other units of measurement based on input unit parameter in dictionary format with keys as 'km', '', '' and so forth
137: This Python script sorts the keys of an input dictionary and then generates one line output with each key value pair separated by ' | '. The sorted IDS
138: This Python script creates an empty list 'array' then iterates over the input array of lists with two elements - one is time stamp value from
139: This function calculates the total number of disks in an array. It takes one parameter, 'disk' which is assumed to be integer and returns its
140: This function calculates the difference between two elements in an array, divides it by another element. If either of these values is NaT(Not
141: This Python script takes an input text and returns the same string with all non-"a", "-e, -o or –u"(lowerc
142: This Python script is used to find the names of all devices that have an interface matching 'searchingInterface' from given list "elements".  The
143: This function calculates the area of an ellipse using its semi major axis and minor axes. The result is then scaled by 'scale'.
144: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using string methods and list comprehension instead to achieve it
145: This Python function is used to extract the label or locus tag from an input dictionary. If there's no such key, it will return another
146: This script creates an empty list called "targets". If the variable 'hex_count' is not None, it appendes dictionaries to target
147: This line of the given Python script checks whether an element at index 'observation' is greater than or equal to value "threshold" which in
148: This Python script calculates the highest number in an array of lists based on another list's values. It uses two variables, 'decreasing
149: If the variable "Active Replication" is present, return true. Otherwise check whether Julia project and/or Jupyter notebook are active
150: This Python script generates the binary representation of an integer. The function takes one parameter 'n', and returns 3 bits per number from [4]
151: This Python function calculates the temperature and pressure based on given parameters of minimum & maximum depths in meters along with their corresponding derivatives at each point respectively;
152: This script reorders the columns of an input dataframe based on another list. The output is only those original order preserved, and all other unmentioned
153: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into two parts based on another specified type, and then returns these as output strings by removing
154: A dictionary with keys as ID, Number and Type. The value associated is Description which contains sample information about the variant's type of data in each
155: This line of the function compares two elements in an array. The first element from each input is compared, and if they are not equal it returns
156: This Python function returns the total number of bounce attempts and complaints made by users. If no data is available it will return zeroes as default values
157: This function checks if the input parameter 'is of type Tuple with exactly 1 element's length. It returns True or False based on whether
158: This Python function copies the dictionary and checks if key exists, then either deletes or updates its value based on whether it's `None`;
159: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
160: This is an arithmetic shift operation. It shifts the bits of x to right by two places, then it performs left bit shifting on result and adds
161: This function returns the band name based on an input. If 'old' is equal to one of A, B or C it will return SHORT
162: If the headers dictionary contains an id, return that. Otherwise check body's dict to see whether it has 'id'.  Return either of them
163: This function calculates the value of Beta Hat parameter based on its standard deviation and returns it multiplied by 3/8 plus half that returned
164: This Python function takes an input list of repeated data and returns the unique elements as output, preserving order from original sequence but removing duplicates if they exist
165: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
166: This is an implementation of the linear regression model. It takes in two parameters, 'm' and ‘k’ which are initialized to zeroes
167: If an image is provided, it will be used as the base. Otherwise defaults to 'latest'.  Also checks and adds version number of given images
168: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from two nested dictionaries. The outer loop iterates over the keys of one dict,
169: This function checks whether the given 'source' dictionary contains information about git or github. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned
170: This line of the given Python script is defining an empty list called "neighbour" and then checking if 'x' equals 0. If it
171: This function takes as input an object 'd' that may contain nested dictionaries with some values being empty or null strings which are then replaced by the
172: This Python script checks whether the string contains an equals sign and, depending on its presence or absence returns either two split strings ("left_part","right
173: This function calculates the value of y based on two points and an interpolation factor. The formula is derived from linear regression analysis in statistics where we
174: This program finds the maximum number from an array of arrays. It uses nested loops to iteratively check each element and update if it's greater than
175: If the length of word ‘one’ is not equal to that in 'two', return false. Otherwise, continue with checking each character from left
176: This function takes in the git line as input and returns only one of its two parts. The second part is returned after removing any leading or trailing
177: This script sets the offset value based on different conditions in an IF statement within another If Statement, with additional nested ELSEIF statements to handle multiple
178: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. The result is returned as output and it's calculated using mathematical formula n*(n
179: This function returns the reciprocal of 'one plus one divided by' followed immediately after that, but only when ```if``` condition is true
180: This function replaces the special characters in text with their corresponding HTML entities. It then returns an unescaped version of that string which is ready to
181: This program uses the PyTorch library to train an LSTM model on MNIST dataset. The training process involves feeding data into our network,
182: This Python function counts the number of times to find 'substring' in another given inputted text using recursion and iteration methodologies with an increment
183: This Python script creates two dictionaries and then uses the keys of one dictionary to access values from another using brackets notation which is equivalent with indexing
184: This Python function finds the maximum value of an input list. It starts by setting it to be equal with first element, then iterates over each subsequent
185: This Python script generates all possible pairs of numbers within the range [a] and calculates their sum in each iteration until it reaches value 'b'.
186: This Python function checks whether the given number is divisible by some specified 'block size'. If it's not, then returns how many more blocks
187: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
188: This function calculates the difference between two frequencies and returns twice that result. It's used to calculate how much more frequent one word is than another
189: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
190: If the argument list is missing, return an empty string. Otherwise generate HTML from arguments data and returns it as result of function execution."  Code Ex
191: If the input parameters are neither dictionaries nor None then return 'Source' else perform an operation on them and finally returns their combined result as output of
192: This line of the Python script calculates and returns relative difference between two values. If 'float' is not available, it will return NaN;
193: This python function calculates the value of x based on given parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'beta' and ‘gamma’ are
194: "A string of characters"::  // This is the type definition. It's called String and it holds one or more character values, often
195: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the items from 'toctoc' where keys start after chapter number specified by user input ('ch
196: If the string is not exactly one character long and it's neither '.' nor digit, return false; otherwise check whether first char of str can
197: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, if it's longer than 100 characters; otherwise returns original input as is
198: Returns the "certificate" list from 'signed_datum' fixtures.  This is an example of how to access nested data in
199: Code to read and process a file in Python. ...(truncated...)"""))[0] + "...", max_length
200: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
201: This function checks if the last digit of each number in an input list is '9' or not. If it finds any such pair, then returns
202: This Python script uses the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The gcd is calculated by repeatedly subtracting and finding remainder
203: Defines function 'g' that takes four arguments and returns their product. The result of the multiplication is then returned by another call to itself with different
204: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
205: If the return of week's sales is less than or equal to negative one fifth, it returns number three; otherwise whether its greater then positive ten
206: This function returns the name of an index in dictionary based on its value. If it's “dict”, then return 'data'. El
207: Checks if the input is not empty, then it checks whether its starting with "HTTP" OR 'HTTPS' – returns True only
208: This function returns the corresponding string based on an input value. If 'ita' is less than '-50', return "'7'. Else,
209: This Python script calculates the precision of each word based on its rank and then sums up these precisions to get an overall score, which is returned
210: If the input `object` does not exist then it returns itself. Otherwise checks whether its value exists as dictionary item with given name; otherwise travers
211: This Python script splits each string into lines, then joins the first line of every sublist to form one long list with all possible combinations and finally
212: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'zaid' has been assigned to it and that its value should indeed represent some kind of number. If
213: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
214: This Python function merges two dictionary objects into one using the spread operator (*). If keys are common between them it raises an exception with message "key
215: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with keys 'Name', ‘Description’, &amp;#34'Url Type'. The values of
216: This Python function sums the first row of each sublist, then checks if all other rows have equal number. If not it raises an assertion error with
217: This function returns the given parameters in JSON format. The 'block' and its id are also included as part of returned data which is then used to
218: This line of SQL script returns the current database's schema name, which is set to be used as default by subsequent commands executed within that session or
219: This line of the Python script checks if 'name' is equal to or contains any lowercase version ('in') ‘VIRUS’,
220: If the key "layout" exists within dictionary `d` then return it as result; otherwise check whether its type of object being processed by function call
221: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by dividing 'num' variable with another one, then raising
222: This script is used to find the most common images among all files from one directory. The result will be stored as dictionary where keys are file names and
223: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, removes first one and then joins them back together with spaces in between using list slicing method
224: This function returns the part of string after space in first 4 characters. If there is no such character, it will return whole input as output which
225: If the input is zero, it returns one. This function will always output '1' in all cases as per requirement of problem statement and does not
226: This function calculates the power of ‘a’ to an integer 'order'. It uses bitwise shifting. The result is returned as output from
227: This line of Python script returns the unique values from parameter information dictionary. The 'sorted' function is used to sort these in ascending order,
228: This Python function takes two inputs - an integer ROI and another number FACTOR. It returns the result of multiplying both numbers together with '
229: Creates an event dictionary with the key 'Event' and value of string type as show alert. The other keys are set to any values provided in
230: This function calculates the power of two by raising it to side. For example, if you pass in '3' as input then output will be
231: If the length of `line` is  zero, return false. Else check whether last character in string ":" and compare it with value at
232: This function takes in two parameters - 'dict' and the sub field. It replaces all dots with underscores before returning it as dictionary key
233: This line of the program calculates and returns how many unique characters are in text. It does so by splitting up 'Text' into individual letters,
234: This function returns false if the input is not an integer, otherwise it will always be true. It's used to check whether or no we have
235: This function takes four arguments and returns them in reverse order.  It's called "bunny_box" but it seems like the author
236: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
237: This Python function calculates the diffusion coefficient of water at constant temperature and pressure, given specific heat capacity hm=0., thermal conductivity kappa
238: This Python function checks whether the input 'sequence' variable has been assigned to be of type string. If it does and its value starts with "0
239: If the string contains '.',' then it finds and returns last occurrence of dot. Else, empty strings are returned as there is no preceding or tra
240: This Python function splits the given string into parts based on '.' and returns last part in lowercase formatting, which is then returned as output
241: This function calculates the absolute difference between two intervals. It takes as input an array of 4 elements, where each element represents one end point and
242: If the first key of 'profile_naming_to_id' dictionary has string value and second one integer then it will create another dict with
243: This Python script splits the given string into three sections using '/' as separator and then checks if each part starts with "CN". If it
244: This function checks if the given 'location' is within each bounding box. It does so by checking whether or not every value of both dimensions lies
245: If the current file's syntax mode indicates it should be parsed as SGM, then skip all lines that start with "<srcset". Otherwise
246: This line of the Python script creates and returns an absolute filepath to store fastq files in dest directory with sample name as part filename, using Path
247: This Python script checks the value of 'network' and returns different strings based on its values. If it is not one among four specific string options,
248: This Python script is used to generate an unique filename based on the current working directory and its name, replacing ".jl". The file will be named
249: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the reverse of that number. It does so by continuously dividing it into its last digit, storing
250: This line of the given text is changed to be equal with its previous one. The new string starts from 'first' and ends at last character in
251: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys that do NOT start as "_".  It uses Dictionary Comprehension to iteratively go through each key
252: If the string to clean starts with '!!!', remove it.  This is an example of using Python's built in functions and syntaxes"
253: This Python function counts the number of consecutive ‘ones’ found within an input list. It starts by initializing two variables, 'zero' to
254: This function converts special characters to their HTML escape equivalents. It uses the dictionary "code" as an input and returns escaped string of given character
255: This function checks the type of an object in Python using `isInstance` method which returns True or False based on whether it's instance/type
256: This Python script generates the SQL WHERE clause to check if any point of polygon is within given line string using PostGIS extension and spatial indexing feature provided
257: Returns "OK", if the input variable 'status' is equal to string value of “ok”. Otherwise, it returns an empty String or
258: This Python script creates and returns an empty list 'ids' if there are no identifiable items to be found within the map of "available" identifier
259: This Python script splits the string into individual rows, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each row and then joins them back together with new
260: This Python function takes as input the MAC address string and converts it into an integer tuples representing hexadecimal numbers of each byte/
261: This line of the Python script checks if 'keywords' is one among four possible values, and assigns it to boolean variable `clearBool`
262: Code snippet to extract specific elements from the given dictionary.  The first two concentration values are assigned, and then k's parameters alpha &
263: This Python script creates an empty array and then fills it with the elements of each subarray from 'body'. The result is returned as one long string
264: This Python script creates an empty "set" and then adds each element of the input list to it, effectively removing duplicates if they exist within that
265: This Python function takes an integer as input and converts it to string, then concatenates the result with another fixed password. The final output is what
266: This Python script counts the number of paragraph lines within an input string 'str'. It does so by splitting on newlines, then counting how many times
267: This Python script converts the first character of each word in an input string to uppercase and all other characters are converted into lower case, then returns
268: This function checks if the given property has failed status. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such failure exists or
269: This Python script calculates the normalized and corrected cumulative counts per species name using data from 'discovered peptides' table along with their ranks
270: This Python function calculates the degree of two lists by adding corresponding elements from both list and taking modulus with given number. The result is returned as
271: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
272: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
273: This line of Python script creates an ffmeg video conversion process using the input file and saves it as 'output\_filme\'. The format
274: This line of the given Python script is performing bitwise AND operation on two register values. The result will be stored in one or more other regs
275: This Python function checks whether the input "is instance" of type `str` or any other nonstring data types and raises error when it's
276: This function checks if the first item in tuple is "git" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it will return None as
277: If the object `None` or not an instance of class then return none else check whether it’s another data structure like list/dictionary etc
278: This function checks the type of input variable `V`. If it isn’t string then return that value itself; otherwise check its length to see
279: This Python script converts hexadecimal values to tuples of integers and concatenates them into one list.''	It also removes
280: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains the character ':'. If yes then splits that into two parts - prefix & rest of reference
281: This function recursively searches through nested dictionaries to look up the value of 'Key' and returns it or "None" otherwise – using Python
282: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the input file using list comprehension to split each row into columns based on
283: This function returns the real and imaginary parts of complex number subtraction.  It takes two arguments as input which are both tuples representing one part
284: This line of the given Python script splits 'class path' into individual jar files using ':'. The result is stored in variable "jars".
285: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the minimum bounding box coordinates after applying some transformations. The transformation is done by clipping each coordinate
286: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
287: Replace all occurrences of the character k in string with its corresponding value 'v'.  This is done using Python's builtin replace
288: This is the formula used in an algorithm to calculate distance between two points. The function takes four parameters, z and y as input variables which represent coordinates
289: This function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the resultant number after performing bitwise XOR operation on all elements in that list. The
290: This line of the given C++ program is calculating an offset by adding to or subtracting from 'Address' based on its remainder when divided into alignment
291: This Python script is used to rearrange the columns of 'complexData' into another list called "Out Data". The new order will be based
292: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from geometry and involves basic algebra operations like subtraction of
293: This line of the program attempts to convert 'score' into an actual number. If it can be converted, then that is returned; otherwise return what
294: This function checks if two dictionaries have the same structure and values. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are
295: This Python function converts the input string to all lowecase letters and removes underscore. It also replaces 'Node Embedding Initialiser'
296: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
297: Counts the number of opening and closing parentheses in an expression.  The function returns difference between countings, which indicates how many brackets
298: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'datetime' with slash ('/').  The result is then stored back
299: This Python script splits the URL and extracts information from it, then returns an identifier based on that extracted data in one line of pythonic syntax
300: This Python function resizes an image region of interest by multiplying the coordinates and dimensions. The result is rounded to nearest integer before assignment as per problem
301: This line of the Python script reverses an input string.  It uses built in function ''. join()'' and ''[:: -1]
302: This function returns the coordinates of an element at position 'N' and column index from given matrix. The elements are numbered starting with zero as per
303: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you can use any language, but Python is
304: If the second number equals 0, return an error message. Otherwise perform division and returns result of that operation in Python scripting language using 'return
305: This Python script generates an array of strings based on the input list 'bools'. Each string is either `'State Enabled:'` or  `
306: This is an infinite loop that continuously replaces the values of 'b' and ‘a’ until they are equal to zero. The value in
307: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with lists of tuples from the input 'cdict'. The keys are strings derived by
308: This is an example of how to handle the special case where 'val' equals zero. The function checks whether it equal either "zero" (-1
309: “A solution to the problem using python.”"	.format(problem_name))```   This is an example of how you can
310: This function checks the input 'Value' and returns either it is less than or greater that minimum/maximum values. If not, then just returning
311: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty list, or it starts with "(". The last character of string must also end up as ")".
312: This Python function uses the built in 'gcdext' module to find and return GCD of two numbers. The result is returned as an
313: This function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists using recursion and type checking to ensure that only valid elements are appended into the resultant
314: Code is used to calculate the average of ratings. It takes in an array and returns its mean value as output, which can be useful when you want
315: This function checks if the number is even or not. If it's zero, returns True; otherwise return False and then check whether that resultant
316: This line of the given Python script returns an URL that is constructed by appending hall id to it, which can be used as part or full url
317: This function sets the value of an element in 3D array to zero. It takes two indices as input and returns nothing, which means it doesn
318: This python script creates 7 variables, each representing the first element of different matrices. The elements are then assigned to these seven new variable names in order
319: Returns the citeation in markdown format.  The exact match is highlighted with an HTML tag <span style ="background:#ffff0;
320: This line of Python script is finding the position '{' in string and if it's not found, returning original input else return everything before that character
321: This is an arithmetic expression that calculates the sum of three numbers and then subtracts twice their maximum value. The result will be negative if
322: This Python function calculates the cubic root of an expression using one variable, 'z'. The value is calculated as √(om*(�
323: This Python script calculates the sum of two numbers, increments an additional number by that value and checks if it exceeds some 'limit'. If so
324: If the third element of 'action' is equal to zero in all three dimensions. Return either "0" or else return value from function call at
325: Removes all spaces from the input string.  It converts to lowercase and removes any non alphanumeric characters using regular expression matching,
326: "The function adds an encryption rounds of 16"  ...(continue as needed)."""    # Add your own text here, it
327: This line of the Python script replaces all instances in "fpath" that occur as two consecutive slashes with one single forwardslash, effectively converting
328: This function calculates the value of an expression based on certain conditions, with different return values depending upon some input variable 'z'. The first condition checks
329: This Python function calculates the total effect of different pollutants on wall surface area. It takes in three parameters - sigma, lamda
330: This function generates the string representation of an inputted species id and its corresponding value. If absolute or zero valued is encountered it returns 'y' followed
331: Translates the given text by removing unused parts and replacing spaces with underscores. The result is then stripped of leading/trailing whites
332: This Python function uses the dictionary 'switchers' to map strings into their corresponding values and then retrieves that value from another string in an efficient
333: This Python function converts binary numbers from the given string to an integer. The input is expected as 'base' and it returns converted number which can
334: This script filters data based on the provided list of characters or attackers to include only those entries that contain these elements, along with their corresponding values from
335: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
336: This line of the Python script checks if 'lib_file' ends with ".device". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned
337: Prints the values of 'unused' and "in" in function call format.  Code is removing quotes from string variables to make them more
338: This line of the given Python script is fetching and storing in 'security group id' from an AWS Lambda function. The details about request parameters
339: This function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit. It takes one argument, c which is the temperature in degrees Celciu and
340: This function takes in two arguments, 'tabular' and n. It returns the result of applying lambda to each element within rows where it is at
341: Initializes the instance variables _param1 and	_ param – both set to none. This is an example of Python class initialization with default values in
342: This Python function converts binary coded decimals to an integer. It uses bitwise operations and multiplication, which is similar in concept with the
343: This Python function finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find it, which is based on division
344: Checks whether the 'warnings' dictionary has an entry with key="report". If not it throws and errors.  Otherwise returns true or
345: This Python function calculates the sum of two quantities given as parameters. The first quantity is multiplied by second and then added to third product which are
346: This Python script copies the given 'dictionary' and converts all values to lists if they are not already of list type, preserving keys as is
347: This Python function takes as input the coordinates of an object and returns their new position after being translated by some amount. The translation is defined through two lists
348: If the EXIF tag 'Image Orientation' is not present in exif tags then it returns False.  This checks to see whether an
349: If the list of reactions is empty, return two blank lists.  Otherwise it returns both first and last elements in that order as tuples with
350: This python script creates three lists of size 't' and initializes them with ‘zero’ values. Then it calculates the summation over
351: A dictionary with default values. The keys are "Count", which is set to zero and the other key's value remains as it was initially defined
352: This function checks whether the given 'NodeID' is empty, and raises an error message in such case by raising "Value Error". It then repl
353: This function calculates the ratio of energy consumption in terms per unit. It takes as input two variables, 'v' and ‘p’ which
354: This Python function calculates the speed of an object based on its distance and time, with different speeds depending upon how far it travels in meters or cent
355: If the variable "Expose" exists and has an attribute "_", then it tries to access its attributes"_"._"" “'Status’
356: This function calculates the cost of shipping based on various factors such as distance, price per unit and environmental impact.  The result is then returned by
357: This script sorts the jobs and workflows based on their id. The lambda function is used to sort by LFN, which represents an identifier of
358: A dictionary with keys as numbers and values are ones. This is the base case of an iterative function that calculates factorial using memoization
359: A recursive function that calculates the sum of digtis in an integer, then applies it to itself until result is less than 10.
360: This Python function calculates the corrected weight of an object based on its initial and final weights. The correction is made by dividing ‘initial’
361: A function that reverses the keys and values of an input dictionary.  It uses Python's dict comprehension to achieve it efficiently without using any
362: This function returns the maximum and minimum of two tuples in Python. The first element is taken from tuple ‘tuple_one’,
363: This Python function calculates the distance from Earth to an object in space using three different reference frames, and returns it as "V earth frame". The
364: This function checks whether the first number is evenly divided by another. If not, it raises an error with message "not dividable". Otherwise returns
365: Code returns true if the input is an integer, else it will check whether or not there's any other type of data in its place. If
366: This Python script is used to create an input list from the user interface dictionary and then sort it based on parameter ids without including 'Parameter ID'
367: This function calculates the value in range [newLimits.min, ... , ]. It maps its input to an output that is within one
368: This function normalizes the input tensor between two given ranges. The normalization formula is derived by subtracting min and dividing with max minus minimum which ensures
369: This Python function generates an array of indices that can be used to slice the given dataset with specified parameters such as 'window size', and returns it along
370: This function splits two strings on the '-' character and compares their second parts. If they are equal it returns zero; otherwise,- depending upon
371: If the length of 'word' is less than 6, return false. Otherwise check whether all adjacent letters are equal in word and returns that letter
372: This function checks if the given object or path to an ECSV/Excel spreadsheet has been identified as such by its extension (.eS
373: This Python script takes an argument, which is the name of some object or entity. It then changes all periods in that string to slashes and returns
374: This Python function generates cumulative distribution functions from the given list of values 'dist' and returns them as an array named "CDF". The C
375: This function takes an input x and returns the result of adding one to it, then dividing by two. It's essentially reversing halfway
376: If the MAC address is found as an AS number, return its corresponding value from dictionary. Else it returns 'UNKNOWN'.  [
377: This line of the Python function checks if two quantities are not equal. If they're different, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by comparing
378: Checks whether TDR/FAR values are valid; raises an error when they're not correct type of value – checks that both inputs
379: Create an Iam Manage Policy with the given permission set.  The policy is of type AWS and version 'v' as per requirement, has
380: This Python function calculates the number of different characters between two sequences. It uses `zip` to pair up corresponding elements from both input lists and checks
381: This line of the function finds and returns two lists. The first list contains all elements from 't' that are less than or equal to ‘
382: This function takes in one argument - the string to be processed and returns all elements after third space from that inputted text with spaces inserted between them as
383: This function calculates the minimum distance between two strings using recursion. It uses dynamic programming to calculate and store intermediate results in an array so that it
384: This line of Python script returns the newline character ("\n") as its output. It's used to separate different parts in your program,
385: This line of Python script returns the ids from an object within list.  It'll iterates over each item "object" inside 'list
386: This Python function returns the string '{}!' formatted with subject's name in place of {}.  The formatting is done using .replace()
387: This function calculates the distance between two points in space, then uses that to calculate an estimate of their average. The result is returned as one line
388: This Python function calculates the final velocity of an object with initial speed and acceleration given by user input values t, which is then returned as output value
389: This three lines of Python script is used to perform bitwise operations on the input 'b'. The first line shifts all bits one position right, effectively
390: If the 'response' variable is not equal to ‘message’, return an HTTP status of `“4xx”`. Otherwise it should
391: This function calculates the number of layers in an arbitrary tree structure. If there is only one level, it returns 'one'. Otherwise,'it will
392: This function calculates the total number of probes used in an experiment. It takes as input two lists, one with probe IDs and another list
393: This Python script calculates the distance between two geographical locations using Haversine formula and Earth's radius as an approximation of mean earth’radius
394: This function masks the part of an eMail address that is not included in it with "*" characters until specified length and returns original mail id if
395: This function calculates the value of an equation based on input temperature and returns it as output, using exponential decay to model cooling process in water at given
396: This Python function takes two lists as input, adds corresponding elements from the same index of both list and returns new combined List which is created by adding each
397: If the variable 'char_lengt'h isn’s of type ‘int.” Otherwise raise value error with message "Char length
398: A Python script that creates and returns an empty dictionary with ten keys, each key having the value of zero. Then it increments every number from one
399: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
400: "Predicts solar radiation anomalies using geometric mean"   }"""(julia nano):= function() := 1
401: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
402: This function returns the source node index and its character.  It's used to create an identifier in Python syntax that is unique within each file or
403: If either of the strings s1 and/or string is empty return zero as result. Otherwise continue with calculation process...   [Continue from here
404: This function takes an input string and returns the same but with all numbers removed. It uses Python's built in functions to achieve that goal by splitting
405: This Python function rotates the given list of lists by one element to its right. The rotation is done based on an assumption that each sublist has
406: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'classification' variable and adds to it based on its value if certain conditions are
407: This function returns the rate of change in energy consumption based on an input value 'num'. The range and values are as follows - ‘< .
408: This Python script exports the result to an object named "output" in JSON format.  The name of that exported file is determined by '{
409: Returns true if the string "format_" followed by either '(' or Z's in it.  If so, returns false otherwise; else throws
410: Checks if two numbers are equal and returns the first number otherwise it sums up all minimums of both input values along with maximum value.  It
411: This function performs bitwise operations on the input integer. The first operation is to clear all bits in n, leaving only those that are set at positions
412: This script compares two sets of labels and identifies the common ones. If there are fewer than 'top_k' shared elements, it prints
413: This line of Python script calculates the value to be returned by an expression, which is then used in another function or method call within that same file
414: This function checks whether an inputted `SpaceGroup` is valid or invalid based on its value; it raises either no error message when given correct values
415: This Python script parses the 'results' dictionary and extracts information from each article, storing it into another list of dictionaries called ```p
416: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of strings 'l' split by spaces and adds each string to our new dict
417: This program finds the index of 'first' and 'last', both are spaces, in string s. It then moves to check if there exists any
418: This Python function returns the specified number of matches in an array. The 'numMatche's is calculated based on given parameters like `number`
419: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
420: This Python function returns all the divisors of an input number 'n'. If "if" condition is not met then it will return empty list
421: This function returns the type of an object based on its name. It uses Python's built in dictionary to map names like 'integer', ‘
422: Returns the first answer from list of methods if it exists, else returns default value DL – Default Language is used when method does not exist or
423: This function checks if the given datums match one of symbols from provided list. If it does, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether
424: This Python function computes the dot product of two vectors, which is essentially multiplying corresponding elements together and then adding up all these products to get an
425: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
426: This line of Python script calculates the square value. It takes an input 'l' and returns its squared result, which is simply multiplied
427: If the variable named `declaration` has either of these keywords, it will return string derived from that. Otherwise - based on other conditions or default
428: This Python function takes an input list of lists and returns the number rows as well columns. It finds out maximum length among all sublists to determine total
429: Splits the input string into two parts based on '==' and converts second part to appropriate type if possible using try/catch block in
430: This Python script merges the consumer data and their respective populations into one dictionary. The result is then converted to another format using map function which maps each
431: This function calculates the value of an expression based on x and alpha. The formula is derived from algebra, but it's not as straightforward to
432: If the input string `None`, it returns itself. Else checks whether there are spaces and tabs at beginning of given strin; then repl
433: This line of Python script returns only the items in 'cereales' that have manufacturer name as N.  It uses lambda function to filter
434: This function checks whether the given input is an ASCII or nonASCII text by checking each individual characters' Unicode value and returning true only
435: This line of the given Python script creates and assignes to 'session' dictionary. The key is "ID" which points towards another nested dictionaries
436: Returns the part of 'string' that follows prefix. If there is no such subpart, it returns an empty String." I am looking
437: This function calculates the distance to an object with given magnitude of light using equation derived from astronomical observations, which is then converted into degrees by
438: This line of the given C++ program is used to find out if an integer number 'n' has even or odd bits. The bitwise AND
439: This function returns the type of transport based on whether or not it's using wheel. If so, return 'wheel'. Otherwise prefix with taxi
440: This Python script splits the column name into three separate pieces based on ":" character and then returns them in reverse order as requested by problem statement
441: This python script calculates the spectral index of an object based on its frequency response and returns it as output, which is then multiplied by “
442: This script downloads an artifact from the remote server and unzips it into its expected location on your machine, using variables defined by configuration settings provided via
443: This Python script uses the builtin function 'inden' to determine if there is an empty line before it. If not, then True will be
444: This function calculates the sum, difference and ratio of two functions. The result is returned as one number which represents all these operations in sequence from left
445: If the column is less than its maximum value then return current position else increment to next line. Otherwise decrement rows by one and set columns back at
446: This Python function takes two optional parameters, `None` or any string and returns them joined by dots in the order they were passed to it as list
447: This Python function multiplies two matrices and returns the result as an array of arrays, where each subarray is one row from matrix multiplication output by given
448: This function searches through the "stop_names.json", and if it finds any match with 'candidate' property of name then returns that index
449: If 'a' isn’t defined, return the value of ‘b'. Otherwise it returns whatever was in ```return```.   Code
450: Checks if every element of the first list is also present as an item within second. If yes, returns True; otherwise False – one l
451: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to m. It's an example in Python programming language, where it takes two arguments and
452: This Python script creates an array of ASCII printable characters from the input. It uses list comprehension to filter out non asccii or un
453: This Python function converts DNA to RNA. It iterates over the input sequence, and if it encounters an "A", replaces with
454: A function that maps frequency strings to their corresponding time intervals in seconds.  The input is the string representation of one or more frequencies ("S", '
455: This Python function returns the last part of path string if it exists, else an empty String is returned in case no '/' character found or at start
456: This Python script attempts to decodes the given input using ASCII encoding and then tries again with UTF – Decoding, but if it fails
457: This function returns the three values of an array in order as per their index position within that list/array - ie., first value is at pos
458: This line of the program is an infinite loop that keeps incrementing 'query' by 1 until it becomes divisible evenly into another number,
459: Code calculates the difference between two numbers. The first number is subtracted from twice of second one, and then resultant value returned as output by
460: This function checks whether the input number is prime or not. It returns 'True' when it finds an integer that divides evenly into `n
461: This Python function takes as an argument two lists. It creates and returns another dictionary where the elements of first list are keys while those from second one form
462: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
463: If the list has only one element, return that single value. Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning values in order until you find them all or run
464: This line of Python script returns the reverse string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it does not take into account any additional space or
465: This python function calculates the value of an expression based on parameters. The result is then divided by another variable to get final output which can be used
466: This function calculates the distance between two cells in an 8*N grid. The coordinates of each pair are given as input and their difference is
467: This line of the given Python script normalizes an image by subtracting it from one and dividing each pixel value with its maximum possible intensity in order
468: This Python function calculates the number of ways to partition an integer 'N' into two nonnegative integers such that their difference is less than or equal
469: This python script calculates the sum of squares from an input list. The variable 's' is initialized to 0 and then each element squared
470: This function takes as input the string 'Description' and returns its first word or three characters depending on whether it contains commas, spaces或less than
471: This Python function returns the precision and recall values from an event results dictionary. The returned list includes both unnormalized scores, but also normalized versions of
472: This line of the given Python script checks whether an element at index 0 and subindex 'tuple' exists within list. If it does,
473: This line of Python script adds two numbers and returns the result.  The variable 'a' is assigned to be equal with summation between variables "
474: This function returns an empty string, or the integer one when given boolean values. Otherwise it just return its input as output of any other type in Python
475: This function returns the string 'fa' if input is 1, else it will always output as bowtie. The difference between these two functions
476: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
477: This function converts units of measurement from meters to kilometers or other specified unit(s). It uses the Python language and takes as input an
478: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given input values, which is essentially calculating "e" using some mathematical formula and returns it
479: This Python script calculates the sum of products between two vectors. The first vector is multiplied by each element from second and then they are added together
480: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks whether the value in variable 'n' greater than zero, and returns that number otherwise it will
481: This Python function replaces special characters with their HTML entities. It iterates over each character of the input string, and if it encounters any non
482: Counts the number of successful tests. – Code is counting how many times it has found at least one test that passed, but no failures occurred
483: This program encrypts the input text by shifting each character of an incoming "message" to its corresponding position on alphabet. The shift is determined
484: This Python function checks the class of an integer and returns its corresponding string representation. If it's not recognized, then return empty strings instead –
485: This function calculates the average score of two scores. It multiplies each by half and then divides it to get an overall result, which is
486: This function attempts to get the volume of an object in 3D space using its ID and returns it if successful or false otherwise with error handling provided
487: This function checks the type of input 'X' and performs different operations based on its value or nature in numpy array format; it returns an equivalent
488: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
489: This function takes as input an argument, which is expected to be list of lists. It flattens the nested structure and returns it back out again
490: This Python script checks whether the given value is either 'val' or an integer equal to one. If it matches any of these two cases then return
491: Returns the element type of next available id. If no such ID exists, it returns None – one line pythonic solution to get an item from
492: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'X' variable `is an instance` ‘list’ with empty array. If it does then
493: This function is used to create an ensemble list based on the active attribute of each element within 'steps' object, where if any item has its "
494: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It checks whether 'number' is either zero or one and returns it directly; otherwise
495: This function takes in the coordinates of an object's top left and bottom right corners as input parameters. It then calculates its position on screen using
496: This function checks if the phase of an object is 'failed'.  It does so by comparing it to its expected value. If they match, then
497: This line of Python script calculates the rotor constant and then returns its reciprocal, which is equivalent to finding one divided by that number in
498: This Python script retrieves the "values" from an input dictionary. If it finds and matches with 'Entity Type', then returns that value else,
499: This function checks whether the parameter is of type int, uint or any other integer types; returns false otherwise – unless it starts with 'll'
500: This Python script is used to format the given list of tuples into an appropriate markdown string, which can be included as part or full document
501: This Python script is splitting the string "s" by semicolon and then further split it into different parts based on underscore, space etc.,
502: This Python function calculates the dot product of two 4x3 matrices. The input is represented as lists or arrays and each element in these inputs
503: A dictionary that stores information about the drones.  The keys are strings and represent different types of data like Drone ID , Batteries left
504: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
505: This function checks whether the given number is divisible by 'digit'. If it's not, then returns False. Otherwise - True; otherwise
506: This Python function calculates the result of multiplying three arrays elementwise. The order in which they are multiplied is determined by their indices, and
507: This line of the given Python script splits each string in 'value' by newline character and then joins them back into one single, space separated
508: This Python script finds the cheapest item from an array of dictionaries. The dictionary contains "name", and it's cost as keys with values
509: This function raises an error when the input parameters are out of range. It then returns their product as integer with three digits, where each digit is
510: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with dictionaries using the 'headers' variable as keys to create unique IDs/names per
511: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'oneList' adding each item to its own index. The final output is
512: This Python function calculates the dot product of two 4D vectors. The result is calculated as per to be in line with mathematical convention where each
513: This Python function checks if the current state of an object is either 'True' or not and returns true when it finds one else false in case no
514: This line of the given Python script is returning part 3 from string 's'. The length calculated by len() function will be used to slice out
515: If the input is 0, it returns 'no' else return number of inputs followed by their type. For example -> Inputs = 3
516: This line of Python script adds the values stored in 'second' and ‘third’. The value is then assigned to "result" which stores
517: This function returns the appropriate subsets of data based on 'subset task'. It can be used to select different parts or splits in your dataset. For
518: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns one out 4 possible results based on whether it's equal, not equals to or less
519: If the given 'Distance' is one, return it as result. Else calculate and returns cost of travelling from that point to its nearest even number
520: This Python script replaces all occurrences of curly brackets enclosed content with the name given by "keyName". The function findAll
521: This Python function calculates the average of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two lists.  The difference is calculated by subtracting one element's value
522: This function calculates the sum of its input divided by ten. The remainder is added to half that number and then returned as result in one line using
523: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the ids of categories from 'categories' list. The keys are names, values
524: This Python script loops over each dictionary entry of an input 'item' object using the items() method to access both keys & values at once; it
525: If the given number is between two other numbers, return that. Otherwise it returns either of those values depending on which one was greater or less than them
526: This function checks if the given file name starts with "<username>-" followed by any number of "-", and then another string, which is usually
527: Checks if the index is within range of an array. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true – based on whether or no
528: This script reads the requirements file and returns it as output, along with an empty string if no such requirement exists in your project's dependencies or sub
529: Returns the first row and column of an input matrix as strings.  The number 'n' in R is replaced with actual rows/columns count from
530: This python script generates the list of possible movements from given state by checking if there is any other pieces on top or not, and appends their positions
531: This line of Python script returns the last part from filepath using split and indexing method in python 3+, which is equivalent to getting just
532: This Python function calculates the next highest power of two that is less than or equal to num using bitwise operations and math library functions in python programming
533: This Python function takes in one string token, joins them together into the same value using "", and then attempts to convert that resulting combined textual representation of
534: A dictionary is created to count the number of occurrences per emotion from an input list/session data structure using Python's get method and increment
535: If the reference DOI does not exist, return false; otherwise check all ADaM articles against given references and returns true when found at least one
536: This function returns 1 if the input x is positive, and zero otherwise. It's equivalent to Python builtin 'bool()'. However it
537: This line of the function merges dictionaries with another dictionary. If "description" key is not present in both dicts it will add that to
538: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The result is returned as an Int31 type in GHC's H
539: This Python function takes two parameters - an input number and the power to which we want our resultant value. It multiplies these values together then div
540: This Python script filters out the keys with values of 'None' from dictionary items and returns it as new Dictionary object named "FiltererdD
541: If the lengths of first and second are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process...  [...]   else :	Return True or
542: This function returns the minimum of three numbers. It first finds out which number is maximum and then it takes that as one input to find other two inputs
543: This function returns the number of days in each month.  It uses an array to store these values and then accesses them using their index which corresponds
544: This Python script attempts to delete the 'Username',	'Email' and ‘IP Address’ keys from an input dictionary. If these key names
545: This function checks if the three given numbers can form an actual triangle.  It does so by checking whether any two sides of one side is greater than
546: This function checks if the string contains either '\n' or ','. If it does, then returns False; otherwise True is returned indicating that there
547: This Python function returns the coordinates of four points in 0D space. The input is an array containing two elements each, which are used to define
548: This Python function converts the input to its numeric equivalent, if possible. If not it returns as is ie., leaves original value unchanged in
549: This function checks whether the two messages are identical. If they're not and there is at least one difference between them it returns true; otherwise false
550: This line of the Python script checks whether an integer is negative or not. If it's positive, then return its value as normal; otherwise returns
551: This line of the script is setting up variables to be used in another part. The values are taken from dictionary 'tas_dict'. Variables
552: Prints the name and its corresponding values.  For example, "John = 10". This function is used to display data in Python programming language
553: This function returns True if the input is greater than or equal to 1, else it will be False. It checks whether an object's sl
554: This function calculates the sum of two vectors, with an elementwise multiplication. The result is then scaled by 'alpha' and added to vector
555: If the input is not empty, it checks whether last character of given strinng equals to newline ('\n'), and returns all characters except
556: This function calculates the percentage of mistakes made by an algorithm. It takes into account both total number and correct answers, but only considers those that were
557: This script generates decoys by adding an underscore to the end of each inputted protein sequence. It is used as part or all, not limited
558: This Python script creates and returns an empty 1D list of lists where each element is another one dimensional array containing the coordinates [x , y]
559: This function takes in the url and an id as input. It then returns part of that URL after splitting by '.' character using provided ID to separate
560: This script is creating an empty list called "nodeInWays" and then populating it with the values of each key's value from dictionary
561: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each element and returns them as list of strings using
562: This function returns the result of multiplying an integer 'x' by another number, which is stored in variable "e". The multiplication operation happens on
563: This function returns the coordinates of all eight possible moves in an Labyrinth game. The move is defined as moving one step North(y+
564: This function checks if the variable 'var', which is supposed to be an array, contains any underscore ('_') character. If it does then
565: This Python script calculates the time in milliseconds from hours, minutes and seconds. The result is rounded to two decimal places using builtin function
566: This Python script checks whether the given filename exists and is not empty, returning true or raising an exception accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it raises another
567: This Python function checks whether the key 'even' exists within an input dictionary, and pops it out of that dictonary before assigning its
568: This line of Python script returns the odd numbers in 'coins' using lambda function and filter. The result is then converted to List type data
569: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
570: This Python function takes an input list and returns another one where each element is the absolute difference between that elements's value from 'number'.  The
571: This line of the given C++ program is returning an integer value. The expression A&(~1<<8)& ~((unsigned int)(B
572: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
573: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
574: This Python function returns the nucleotide at position 'index' in DNA. If no such sequence exists or an invalid value ('>', '-')
575: If the MSISDN does start with ' + ', return it as is, else strip off leading plus sign and then proceed to do something on
576: This function calculates the cross product of vectors from point 'a' to both points and then subtracts it form vector between two other given po
577: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from another dict. The resulting object is the subset of original 'adict' that has all
578: This Python function checks if the input number is less than ten, and returns it as an integer or character depending on whether its value falls within [a
579: This Python function generates an array of 'n' elements with the value k and returns it as output – one line solution using list comprehension or
580: This line of the given Python function returns concatenated string with 'token.' and input variable.  It's an example to show how we can
581: This Python function checks the dictionary 'd' to see whether it contains keys named either “Orientations”、‘Rotational’ and/or
582: This Python function checks whether the first letter of each name is either 'M' and returns True. If not, it will return last character(s
583: This function is used to generate an infinite loop. It takes as input any kind of "Iter" object and returns true if the Iter's first
584: This Python function filters out any negative values from the list of captions, then calculates and returns their average as an integer or float depending on whether
585: If the input 'delimeter' isn’nt provided, it defaults to comma(,) and when tab or '\n'(Tab), returns Tab else
586: This Python function takes as input an NxM matrix and returns the transpose of that Matrix, where each column becomes one line element list within another
587: This Python script creates and returns an updated list of dictionaries by removing the '_event' key from each dictionary within 'old\_List'. The value
588: This function checks whether the input string is empty or not, and also counts how many '.' characters are present. If there's more than one
589: This line of the given C++ program is returning an integer value. The expression S&(1<<j), where '>>' denotes bitwise
590: This Python script checks whether the payload of an issue or pull request contains specific keys. If it does, then returns value associated with those key(s
591: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an input string, which is split by "}" character and kept empty if it's
592: This line of the function checks if index is divisible by two with no remainder. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or
593: This Python function returns an empty list, or the first element of nonempty inputted array. If there are multiple elements it concatenates them into one
594: If the number 'n' is equal to one, return zero. This function will always output "zero" as it doesn’t do anything else
595: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is zero, it returns one as per mathematical convention ie., The
596: This Python function calculates the three components of an equation based on one input value 't'. The first component is ‘(one minus T)'
597: Successfully completed the task. The function returns 'status'.  It indicates that you have successfully finished your program and it has been able   To complete
598: Checks if two lists are equal by comparing the elements at corresponding positions. If they're not of same length or one list is longer than another
599: This function converts the input string of dnasequence to its complementary strand. It uses map and lambda functions, which are
600: If the input 'v' isn’t provided, return an empty string. Otherwise convert and output it as text in case of ‘NoneType
601: This line of the given Python script attempts to return an attribute 'name' from object named "adapter" if it exists; otherwise returns zero and
602: This Python script is used to organize the data from text into tuples of signs and translations per each sentences' list which are then appended
603: This Python function splits the input string on underscores and returns an integer based off of what comes after "_". If 'algo' is
604: If the annotation type isn't specified, it checks whether file extension of 'finishAnnotationName', ends with either '.GAF','GPA
605: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
606: This Python function calculates the maximum value between two numbers. It rounds down to nearest integer, then checks if it's greater than or equal too
607: This Python function finds the first occurrence of '/' in 'repositoy', and returns two parts based on whether it exists or not; if
608: This function calculates the mel scale frequency of an inputted note number, which is then converted to its corresponding C# value using logarithmic conversion and
609: This Python function raises an error when the input 'str_or__number` type isn’t string; otherwise it converts and returns numeric
610: This function is used to strip the double quotes from Mongodb field names in Python using pymssql library and pandas DataFrame object as
611: Checks whether two input vectors are of type 'Array' and have equal sizes. If not it throws an error message "Input Arrays Must Be
612: This Python function checks if an input number is within specific ranges. The given condition ensures that 'int' variable `"`<code>assert (-
613: This Python script calculates the average of three coordinates from an array. The number 'n' is equal to length or size/number count and then
614: This Python script is used to split the URL into its components, check if it ends with ''. If so checks whether that part of url matches certain
615: This function takes in an input of type 'str' and returns the same as output, but with all instances where px are removed from it using
616: This Python script reads lines from an input file, strips leading/trailing whitespace and counts the number of nonempty strings in it using if condition
617: This function returns the remainder of division by 'base'. It's used in various algorithms and calculations. 10% is often referred to as
618: This Python script creates an array of edges and their corresponding distance values, sorts them by the keys in 'distance' dictionary then returns these as one line
619: This function returns the directory of an identifier.  It takes in two parameters, one is '::' and another parameter which can be either String or
620: This Python script cleans the dictionary by removing empty values from it using list comprehension with if conditionals to check conditions before adding them into new dicton
621: This Python function converts the input to string, removes leading and trailing whitespace if it's 'na', otherwise returns original values as is
622: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the job ID from URLs that follow "http://www..." format, if such an id is found in
623: This line of the program calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to one hundred times what'll be returned by function 'f(x)'
624: This line of the given Python script is extracting specific values from dictionary "ctd" and storing them in variables. The keys are assigned to these
625: This Python function returns the sorted alphabetical order of all non-"special" characters in an input string "TEXT". The special character is defined as
626: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
627: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
628: This function converts the input string to lowercase and returns different values based on its value, with specific conditions in place; if it's '
629: This function checks whether the input is equal to or lowercase version of another string, ignoring casing differences in Python's builtin functions and
630: This function takes in an input string, strips leading and trailing whitespace from it using the rtrim() method. It then uses another set of
631: This line of Python script calculates the power to which x is raised, resulting in an output that's equivalent with one tenth times larger than
632: This Python function splits an input into its constituent parts and checks that the split results are strings of length 1 with ',' as separator
633: If the input is 10, return 'One' else returns its value. Else it will always be unlimited in terms of number and type
634: Code that returns true if the input is of type Bool. If not, it will return false or an error message "Not bool".
635: This Python function calculates the greatest common denominator of two numbers. If one or both input values are negative it adds their absolute difference to 'Mod
636: This Python function raises an error when the input 'KEY' isn’t within its valid parameters, and then calculates how much power it needs to
637: This script generates the list of possible future states from current state by adding each step to it one at time, checking if an error occurs during execution and
638: This Python script exports environment variables to be used by other scripts or programs using the `os` module and joins them into one string with semicolon
639: This Python function calculates the mean absolute error of an array 'x' compared to its average value, which is then multiplied by ten and returned
640: This line of the Python script is returning an integer value between zero and two hundred fifty five that represents percentages from one to ten clamped at their
641: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the first input array 'a' and adds each value to it one by another; after
642: This line of the given Python script is setting an API group based on whether or not it starts with "rayservices", and if so, sets that
643: This Python script counts the number of occurrences 'Dynamic' from unique patterns dictionary within repository object, if it exists else returns 1 as default
644: This function returns the value of x, but with its exponent reduced by 'n' places and then shifted back to original place after reducing it again using
645: This python function calculates the value of x in terms based on m and returns it as result, where '(...)/' is an operation that
646: This function converts the given flight distance from miles to centimeters, using 1 mile=39467厘米 as conversion factor
647: This Python function calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. It uses dynamic programming to calculate and returns an integer representing how different these input
648: This line of the given Python script is returning last part from split string using "/" as separator, which in our case would be file name or
649: Checks if the name starts with an underscore and does not contain another one.  It's used to prevent naming conflicts in the database
650: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
651: Code to calculate the precipitations from an input file with data about different cities and their respective rainfall amounts, then print out these results along side
652: This Python script parses the output of git' s command to extract information about each reference in an object database and returns it as tuples with
653: This Python script copies the entire dictionary, replaces "vendors" with its own id and deletes it from original data to create new one
654: This Python function converts input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then checks if the resulting text is one of two pred
655: This Python script is used to remove all instances of the word 'anything' from string variable `p` using replace() function and then prints out resulting
656: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences in string "domain" that are not followed by '.'; it is used to ensure correct
657: If the product of two numbers is greater than zero, it calculates an exponential weighted average; otherwise returns ‘zero’ as per requirement in Python
658: This line of the script is setting up variables to be used later. The first two lines are assigning values from dictionaries, while 'not'
659: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
660: This script is used to find all .PY file names from the 'Simulation' directory on your system using Python programming language." SUM
661: This Python function generates all Pythtagonal triangles up to the given number 'n'. It uses four nested loops and checks if each triple is
662: This function checks if two given time intervals overlap. If they do not overlapp and the second interval is smaller than first one it returns False else return
663: This function combines two vectors by averaging their elements, with an optional "boost" parameter to control the weighting factor used when combining different values from
664: Creates an instance of the class 'obj' and assigns it to `self`, which is then used in other methods within that object
665: This is the formula to calculate height of tree. It takes initial Height(h), root radius, and total area as input parameters which calculates
666: This line of the Python script is used to remove ".txt" from end in given string.  It does so by taking all characters before last four
667: If the input 'text' parameter isn’t provided, return an empty string. Otherwise create and returns two tildes around your given argument with
668: This function checks the input value's data types. If it’re an integer or floating point number then returns them as two separate elements of one
669: Returns true and the value of one. This is an example function that returns two values in Python programming language which are both 'True' or just returning
670: This python script finds the index of last backslash or slash and stores it into variable "fnlst" which is used to get directory name
671: A function that takes two lists as input and returns the intersection of these inputs. The result is another list with elements present only once from both original arrays
672: This function checks if the input is positive. It returns True when it's greater than 1, and False otherwise in Python programming language using conditional
673: This function calculates the index of an element in 3D array. The indices are calculated as follows, first multiply by 'j' then
674: This function takes in two points and returns the new coordinates after applying an 'offset' to them. The result is calculated by adding "dy" along
675: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from the given list of tuples using if statements to check data
676: This Python function returns the dictionary {“projec”t ‘mar’s - street view. } which is an example of how to use
677: This Python function splits the input list of strings into sublists, but only when they are longer than 30 characters long and not already present
678: This function checks if the given string is present as an element of any line. If it's found, then replaces that specific part with another
679: This function checks whether the input 'search' exists within any of its values or keys from an object that could be either dictionary nor lists and returns true
680: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string or not and then splits it by "_" symbol to get second part only when
681: This Python script finds the smallest integer from an array of numbers. It uses list comprehension to find and return that number, which is also known as
682: This program uses the scipy.optimize module to find an optimal solution using gradient descent optimization algorithm, which finds local minima in function space
683: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
684: This line of the given Python script joins two commandline arguments 'subj' and ‘sess’ with an underscore in between. The
685: This Python function calculates the profitability of an item based on its quantity, price and cost variables. It uses simple linear regression to calculate it as
686: This function takes in the string 'text' and replaces all underscores with spaces, returning it as output along side an initial character of C
687: A function that calculates the number of ways to climb stairs using memoziation. The steps can be either one step or three步或four ste
688: This function takes three parameters and returns the result of concatenating all elements in list L, with each element being separated by STR as specified; then it
689: This Python function returns the string representation of an operation data. The returned value is in line with standard formatting conventions, including device ID and operational
690: This function replaces all newline and carriage return characters with space in the given string, effectively removing any unnecessary whitespace from it."  [END
691: This Python script checks the type of an input and assigns it to 'kind'. If there're specific conditions met then appropriate action will be taken
692: If the given string is equal to '{}', it returns True.  This condition checks whether or not an inputted value matches with some predef
693: This program creates an empty list named 'scores' and then fills it with zeros, creating the required ‘scoreboard’ to keep track
694: This Python script is designed to filter out all the .PDF files from given list of paths and return them as output, if they exist on that path
695: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
696: This Python function generates all possible positions that can be reached by moving one step horizontally or vertically from the current position using given 'offset
697: This script checks if there are any error codes present within the 'messages' dictionary. If so it iterates over these keys/values pairs creating an
698: This Python script maps perspectives to their corresponding names, and then capitalizes the first letter of each perspective name after it has been mapped from its original
699: This function converts the data type of an input to float  If it's 'doubles', then returns as is, else changes its
700: This line of the given Python script splits an input file into lines and returns them as list in one single command using split() function with '\n
701: This line of the script sets or gets font names. If no argument provided, it returns current set/setted value; otherwise if an argu
702: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
703: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes an initial number and its step as input, then returns one half value from summation process
704: This line of the script checks if there are any elements in 'set' that exist only once. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is
705: This Python function takes an input string of labels separated by spaces, and checks if the given "search" is present within these tags or not using list
706: This line of Python script calculates the difference between two statistics, which is used to measure differences in means. The result will be negative if 'test
707: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and iterates over two dictionaries. If the key exists both as keys of one dictinary AND value matches with
708: This function is used to interpolation between two values. It takes the current step and total steps as input parameters; it calculates how far along we
709: This Python function calculates the derivative of p with respect to time, given parameters. The equation is derived from an initial value problem and uses Euler
710: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from each of several input 'dictionaries' based on their subfields. The
711: This line of Python returns 1 if both 'None' or the variables are False, otherwise it will sum up to two. It checks whether either
712: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two dictionaries. The keys of the first one are taken as values, while
713: If the value at base index plus one equals 3, return 'Fall'. Else check next element in table. Return unknown otherwise."
714: This Python script counts the number of odd numbers from -n to n. The variables N and start are defined at top level before looping starts which
715: This script generates ISOs based on the configuration data provided by user and append them to 'list' variable named "islso". It iterates over
716: This function checks whether the first or last character of each word in an input string is not alphanumeric, and returns true only when all characters
717: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to n, inclusive. It uses bitwise operations and arithmetic operators in Python language as
718: This Python script checks if the minimum and maximum longitudes are within 𝑐−∞, ±ϵ where e is approximately
719: This Python function checks the value of 'a' and returns one out 4 possible actions. The values are as follows - OPENS LEFTS
720: This function checks the type of input and returns it accordingly. If no argument is given, then an empty string will be returned; otherwise depending on whether
721: This function returns the concatenation of two strings, separated by an underscore. The first string is "partition", and second one - 'row'.
722: This function takes in two parameters, the challenge id and an optional parameter of type string that represents which page to retrieve from WikiPageString object'
723: This function takes two lists of numbers as input, and returns the result from multiplying each corresponding element in these arrays together. The first number is multi
724: "If the value is within expected limits, return true; otherwise false."   Expected Inputs and Output(if any): If you have an
725: This function checks the length of an input list, returns that same value unless it's less than 3 items in which case only one element is
726: This line of the given Python script creates an empty array named "urls" and fills it with values from another variable. The second part is creating
727: This function takes as input the list of strings 'patterns' and returns their corresponding values from dictionary. If no match is found, it will return
728: This Python function checks whether the 'distributor' object has either an attribute named `Download_Url` or another one called ‘Accessible
729: Returns the value of "_order" in second element's dictionary.  This is used to determine which object should be drawn on top based off its
730: This Python function checks the divisibility of 'fac' with number from 1 to sqrt('n') and returns closest one. If multiple
731: This function takes in three parameters and returns the result of subtracting each element by 'scalar'. The elements are assumed to be 3D vectors
732: This function returns the maximum and minimum of three numbers.  It uses Python's built in max() &min functions to achieve that result efficiently without
733: This function calculates the ratio of asset's current value to its price. It is used in calculating yield curve and risk measures, among other things
734: This script checks the type of input and returns an appropriate message.  It can handle both automated ("event model") or manual events based on its specification
735: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by subtracting one element from another, which gives us
736: This Python script opens the file specified by 'filename' and either appends or creates it if not already present based on whether that specific filename exists in
737: If the input "is_not" isn't an instance of type 'str', it raises and throws up with error message. “String
738: This line of Python script creates and returns an XML string representation. The id is passed as input to the function, which then gets appended into our
739: If the 'fg_ids' is present, return its corresponding value from dictionary. Else it returns default values ​​from another function or method
740: This Python function splits the input string into three separate fields based on ':' and then further separates these two pieces by parentheses to get
741: This function copies the 'default parameters' and then updates them with test specifics, returning resulting dictionary as output which is named "New Params".
742: This line of the given Python script is responsible to append each word from input list into another output array, and then join all elements in that final result
743: This function returns the given string with its HTML tags replaced by their corresponding CSS properties. It takes two parameters, 'text' and ‘colour
744: If the source string is less than or equal to zero, return an empty result. Otherwise it returns part of original text with length specified by 'size
745: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
746: This line of the given C# program checks if 'alignment' is zero, and replaces it with one. If not zeroth case
747: This function returns two genes in the format of 'A---B' where A and B are any strings.  The order is not important as it
748: This function converts an input string to its corresponding enum value, if it exists in the dictionary `dict`; otherwise returns 'default'. The conversion
749: This function splits the given path into an array of its components. The result is returned in reverse order as per their occurrence within original string and also
750: This Python function checks whether an index is within the valid bounds. If it's negative or greater than its corresponding array size minus one then raises and
751: This Python script checks the validity and type consistency between two input data structures. It raises an error with appropriate messages when any condition is violated during validation
752: This function converts calendar month to equivalent year and day. If the input is less than or equal six months ago in current period of time it simply
753: This Python script splits the GUID into its constituent segments, checks if each segment is exactly eight characters long or four digited hexadec
754: This Python function repeatedly divides the input number by ten until it's no longer possible to divide evenly. The result is then multiplied with
755: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
756: This Python function calculates the square root of 'hardware' value and checks if it is greater than 1 or not using an assertion statement to
757: This function filters out the 'itineraires' that have ‘zero’ stops in their second leg by using Python lambda and list comprehens
758: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
759: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an expression, which can be used to normalize data in various ways such as scaling or normalization before
760: Predicts properties of an object using the classic classification model and prints out some information about it, including correlation id., body' models version etc..
761: This function calculates the number of ways to represent 'N' as summands that can be multiplied together. The base cases are when N
762: This line of the given Python script is extracting job id from 'job' variable and returning it as an integer value using string slicings in python
763: This Python function returns the complementary DNA base of an inputted Nucleoic Acid. If no match is found, it will return "-
764: This line of the Python script checks if 'SHAPETYPE' is set to TEXT BOx, then it returns True only when SHA
765: This is an implementation of the bitwise operation. It uses two different operations to perform various tasks on integers, such as shifting and masking respectively in
766: This Python function returns the solution of an equation ax + by = e. If there is no real solutions, it will return 'No Solution'
767: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the same output with spaces around it if necessary to make its length 3 characters long at least;
768: This Python function calculates the slopes and y_ints of two points in 3D space. The equation is derived from linear algebra principles which
769: This line of the Python function calculates and returns one over sigma divided by an input value, which is usually taken as 'eps' in fluid
770: This Python script creates and returns the number of unique prime numbers between 0 < p < 367489 where each pair is multiplied
771: If the length of string `str` is ‘one’, it returns an all zeros version. Otherwise return original str as per requirement in
772: This Python function returns the first tuple in an input list as dictionary. The tuples are expected to have 7 elements and they represent information about
773: This Python script is used to map information fields from one record into another, replacing any missing or null values with "." – Code written by [
774: This function checks if the input is either 'True' or ‘Yes’, and returns true otherwise false; it also handles case insensitivity
775: This Python function converts milliseconds to time format. It takes the total number of milisecndo as input and returns it in H
776: This function takes in the point of time pt and returns it rounded to nearest whole number, assuming that one inch is equivalent approximately equal with seven tw
777: This line of the script checks whether or not there's an "admin" string in 'permissions'. If it does, then we split that
778: "Calculates the energy per reaction in Fusion"  }.format(**locals())   # pylint complains about 'Format
779: This function calculates the value of different expressions based on input values. The inputs are 'rho' and returns an output that is calculated as per given
780: This line of the function returns bits from position [1,4] in binary representation. The result is shifted to right by five positions which corresponds with
781: This function converts different types of objects to lists or other data structures based on their type in Python 3+ using the `isInstance` method
782: This function takes in user IDs and returns them as string with formatting.  The id'd are joined by commas to form the final
783: This function calculates the difference between two heurestic values and returns an adjustment factor to be multiplied by some other value. The result is then
784: This Python script checks the value of 'constellation' and returns an appropriate letter based on its content. If it doesn’t match any known
785: This function calculates the peaks of two signals and returns their frequencies. The time difference between these points is also returned as well which can be used to
786: This script is used to find the common names and DNS Names that are associated with each certificate's subject, which can be useful when trying out different
787: This Python script converts the input list of values to decimal format. The output is also returned as tuples, which are easier and more read
788: Creates an exact copy of the 'Form' object in Python, named as "new_form".  This is done by using .clone method
789: Checks the presence of certain parameters required to create an album.  If any parameter is missing, it returns false immediately and stops checking further conditions;
790: This Python function checks whether the input parameters are both integer. If they aren't it raises an error message "Only Integers Supported". Otherwise
791: This function calculates the value of Viscosity Index 3.1, which is an index used to measure viscosity in water at different
792: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
793: This Python function takes four arguments and returns the first argument if it is not None. Otherwise return second or third one in that order of precedence unless
794: This Python script converts the input 'Age' to string, strips leading/trailing zeros and checks if it starts with any of
795: This Python script generates an array of URLs by appending the page number to each link provided as input and returns that list with one line only using
796: This Python function calculates the variance of two variables, taking into account their means and standard deviations. The formula used is based on sample variances
797: This Python function checks whether the input 'is_a' variable or any of its attributes are equal to one among several strings that represent boolean values such
798: If the last number in 'Hand' is ‘Jack’, double it. Otherwise return original Hand as they are not modified by our function yet
799: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the first word of each sentence when it is followed by "https://" or "/". If there
800: Returns the URL to access coverage report of given name.  The url is localhost and port number are specified in environment variables or hardcoded as per
801: This line of the Python script creates and returns an updated dictionary. The substituted values are added to or overwritten in our main 'dict' object
802: This line of the Python script converts both variables to uppercase letters before returning their concatenation in string format with "-" as separator and cur
803: This Python script converts nested lists into one level deep flattened version of the inputted 'li'. The function uses recursion to handle sub
804: Check if all items from two dictionaries are the same except 'run' and ignore other keys that don’t exist on both runs or have different
805: Creates an empty dictionary to store the mapping between EC Instance IDs and their corresponding EBS volumes' Ids, if no attachmnt is
806: Checks the value of 'scheme' and returns True or False based on its type. If it is not one among tcps, TCP
807: This function returns true if the input integer 'i' is 0 or -3, else it will always be false. The condition "if"
808: This Python function calculates the maximum and minimum price from an array of stock's daily价格. The time complexity is O((n)), where n
809: This line of Python script calculates the number that should be used as an argument to get_data() function. The period is divided by 2
810: This function returns the sum of true positives and false negatives. It is part 1 in an experiment to evaluate how many positive samples are correctly
811: This Python function generates the eight possible moves that can be made from any given position. The positions are determined by their coordinates and limited to within an array
812: This function checks if the given head is present as key of "hazard" dictionary. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise
813: This function checks if the given URL starts with "http" or not, and returns True only when it is starting from 'https' protocol else False
814: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'regions' object and appends each of its centroides to our resultant
815: This script checks whether the key 'cvedata' exists within an input dictionary, then verifies that it contains another nested object with keys of interest
816: This line of Python function returns True if the input number 'n' is nonnegative, otherwise it will output False.  It checks whether or not
817: If the two lists are not of equal length, return false. Otherwise compare each element from both list and stop when they don't match or until
818: Returns an object with type 'equal' and two expressions as its properties.  The first expression is the left hand side of comparison while second one on
819: This function takes an input string, checks whether it contains the word 'v' and then splits that part of text into two parts based on '-
820: This Python function returns the string ' Hello ', followed by an input parameter, and then another word.  The output is also in one line as
821: This line of the Python script returns an ASCII character based on some calculation. The input is i, which ranges from 0 to n and represents
822: This Python script creates an ordered dictionary of the most common word or phrase that appears as whitespace characters within some text inputted by user and their respective
823: If the least significant bit of an integer is set, return that number shifted by bits. Otherwise just output original value as it was in case no change
824: This Python script splits the string into list of individual strings based on underscore "_", then capitalizes each first letter and joins them back together with
825: This Python function sorts the input list A and returns two elements from that sorting. The first element is last item in array, second one before it
826: This Python function checks if the input number is positive and then calculates its square root to find out whether it's even or odd by checking that
827: Check if two dictionaries are equal. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print an error message and then False to indicate
828: A function that returns the sum of all elements in an array.  If there are no error, it will print "No Errors Found" and
829: This Python function checks if an object belongs to the class of pandas DataFrames with methods "is instance" & “has attribute” in addition
830: This function calculates the total cost of electricity bill based on frequency,duration and price. The result is returned as an integer value which represents cents in
831: Detects the file'type and returns it. (END OF SUMMARY.)"${code}"} {::FileTypeDet
832: Copies the values from column 'c' to another variable, then applies some function on each value and finally returns it as new copy of same type
833: This Python function calculates the factorial of 'x' by using an iterative approach. If x is greater than "y", it sets y
834: This Python script calculates the RGBA values based on an inputted 'age' and multiplies it by 4. The result is returned as
835: This Python script checks the version of an installed package and returns appropriate list based on that check, which is then used to perform various operations in another part
836: This Python script creates an empty list and two dictionaries; then it iterates over the items of 'vote dict' creating another dictionary with keys
837: This Python function takes as input an list of dictionaries and returns the values associated with each key from all those dictionary objects, stored under 'keyword'
838: This Python script creates an empty 'set' to store the names of nodes, then it iterates over each element from `nodeList` and adds
839: This function converts the input string to lowercase if it's 'EN', otherwise, returns an icon with country flags based on its value in
840: If the iteration number is greater than or equal to "warm up" iterations, it returns float value of one and otherwise nothing/empty result returned
841: A concise description of the problem, solution or functionality that is being implemented in your program/code snippet and how it solves an issue
842: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list etc., depending on what you want
843: This function is used to calculate the new coordinates of two points after moving them in relation with an offset. The original point's and their corresponding moved
844: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
845: This function checks if the input number is within certain ranges. The range of numbers are defined by 'return' values, which correspond to different levels/
846: This Python function calculates the average of two consecutive numbers, then returns how many elements are within that range. The result is divided by total number to
847: This Python script generates all prime numbers up to the given number 'n'. It uses an efficient algorithm that only checks divisibility with potential factors less
848: If the output of 'trim' function isn’t boolean then set count to be equal with that value. Else check whether it equals false or
849: This line of the Python script is extracting and returning only day part from datastrings.  It's doing it in an efficient way
850: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with key/value pairs from two lists. The keys are the second elements of each pair, while
851: This function returns the value of an expression depending on whether 'Test' is less than or greater, equal to and not in range [Xmin;
852: This Python function counts the number of "islands" within an n by m matrix, where each cell can be either water ('.'), land('
853: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
854: If the input "frame" has dimensions as specified in its type. Else raise an error message indicating that it does not have correct dimension specifications."
855: This Python script splits the input string on " ", returning only if it'll split at least once, otherwise returns original and second part of strings
856: This Python function calculates the value of 'M' based on given parameters. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it uses some basic trigon
857: This function multiplies three numbers together. The first two are the input, and 'param_o' is an additional parameter that can be used to
858: If the first number is greater than second, return it. Otherwise - else part returns either of them as they are equal or not yet compared to each
859: This line of the script creates an empty list called "pairs". It then uses Python's built in function to create all possible combinations between two
860: This Python script tries to read the file with given filename. If it exists then return true else false if not exist or unable access due some error occurs
861: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and adds them up. It uses builtin functions like `zip
862: This Python script creates an array of lists where each list is formed by grouping consecutive elements from the input 'index' that are more than one difference
863: This line of the given Python script adds two strings and then takes modulo with an integer. The result is returned as output from function, which can
864: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in 'file' list with space. The result is then returned as string by function caller,
865: This function checks whether the input 'poool method' is one of four options. If it isn’t an option then raises and error message stating
866: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
867: This Python script checks if the first character of each non-"\t" or "	"(tab/space)" start with "-r". If it
868: If the file specified by filename does NOT exist, then raise an exception with message "The File {0} was Not Found".  The format of
869: This function returns the number of nanoseconds in n seconds. The result is an integer, as it'll be used to represent time dur
870: This Python function is used to generate the first two letters of an English word based on its number. If there are no bottles left in that color or
871: This Python script returns the separator and decimal point settings based on whether it's running in UniX or not. If true, then return
872: This function is used to truncates sequences that are longer than the maximum length specified by 'maxlength'. It also returns two lists - one with sequence
873: If the string is empty return an emtpy. Hexadecimal values are stored in dictionary with hex characters as keys and their corresponding decimal
874: This Python function removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string 's'. It does so by continuously removing characters at start/ end of strings
875: This function checks if there is at least one element in the first vector that's less than or equal to an item from second. If it finds
876: Sorts the sequence of tuples by length in descending order.  The first element is considered as longest and second one shortest within each
877: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
878: This Python function converts all uppercase characters in the input string to lower case.  It uses builtin is_uppper method of python
879: This line of Python script returns the ANSI escape sequence to reset all attributes. It then appends additional text and finally, it resets any
880: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the 'input' list. The new key is created by concatenating all
881: This Python script reads from the file named "lines", appends each name found to an array, and then returns that list of all unique usern
882: This Python function takes as input the list of vertexes and returns an equivalent nested structure where all tuples are converted to lists if they exist within
883: This function returns the list of protocols in string format.  It is used to get all available network protocol names from system's operating systems and then
884: Removes all white spaces from the given string.  It uses regular expression to replace multiple consecutive whitespaces with one space and then trims any leading
885: This Python function checks whether the given input is either 'true' or ‘false’. If it isn,t one of these two values then
886: Code attempts to get the creation time of Docker container using docker inspect command and returns it as floating point number in seconds since Unix epoch if successful
887: This line of the given Python script returns two values from an array. The first value is at index 0 and second one in last position, which
888: This Python function converts input values into boolean type based on the following conditions - it returns value as given when its not of any other data types;
889: This Python function generates and returns the range of numbers from 'start' to ‘end’ with an interval equal in size as specified by parameter "
890: This function checks if the number is power of 2. It does so by using bitwise AND operation with its own inverse, which will be equal
891: This Python script is used to create an empty list and then populate it with dictionaries from the 'fullDict' dictionary using nested loops as
892: A dictionary is created to map the names of jobs from 'raw' data with their corresponding colors.  The function takes as input an array/list
893: This function takes in an array of FIPS codes and returns them joined by the slash character.  It is used to generate URLs from ge
894: If the second element of `tuple`  is less than its first, return it. Else Return First Tuples's elements in
895: This Python script creates and returns an array of numbers from 'start' to ‘stop’ with the given increment/step size in between, using
896: This function checks if the number is in range 1 to or including, but not exceeding by one. It returns True when 'num' lies
897: This line of the function returns an integer value that is rounded to two decimal places. The input ratio represents some measure or proportion, and it's
898: This Python function takes in three parameters and performs an assertion on the length of these inputs. It then calculates two values based off those inputted variables
899: This line of Python function returns the result from calling cont_objec() and joining it with an endline character.  It's essentially doing
900: If the input 'None' or an empty string returns as output then it will return '_'. Else replace all special symbols with underscore and finally
901: This line of the given Python script returns list comprehension that calculates length from each element 'X' within ‘head\_indexed\[[
902: This function returns the minimum of three values. The first value is xxx and yyy are two variables that can be any numbers or strings; they
903: This function returns the GIDs of three CIVIC entities.  The first two are from 'civil' category and third one is custom
904: If the count of mod volume files is greater than 1, return 'ModVolumeX' where X represents its number; otherwise it returns just Mod
905: This Python script calculates the number of times one list is found within another. It uses two pointers to compare elements from both lists, increment
906: This Python function takes an integer coordinate and converts it to hours/minutes format. The result is returned in the form of three separate variables -
907: This line of the Python script is creating an API key file path by concatenating 'API keys/' with `+` operator and then adding '.
908: This function calculates the power of 'base' to an exponential number, then it takes that result and applies module operation on "mod" which is
909: This function returns the last part of an input string that ends with "}" and removes it from its end using Python's rstrip() method before
910: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
911: This line of the function returns all characters from 'new' added to end, but only if it is not longer than 1/3rds
912: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
913: This Python script merges two dictionaries by copying values from one dictionary to another and handling duplicates with the 'if' statement within loops through both
914: This line of the script checks whether there is an entry in 'MITT_FILTER' with key name as ‘“ t id
915: This line of the program calculates absolute difference between two values and assigns it to 'absolute diff'. If that result is greater than 9
916: This function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It converts an integer to string and then reverses it, returning True when
917: This line of the Python function returns True if "raw" string contains an 'at' symbol (@). Otherwise, it will be False or None depending
918: Replace all occurrences of {index}, with the corresponding argument from list "arg" – Code: replace_all({1,3
919: This function checks if the given input is either 'eur' or ‘usd’. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false."""
920: This is an example of linear regression model in Python. It takes three parameters alpha,beta and gama to calculate the output y=R which represents
921: This Python function checks whether the environment variable "labels", which is supposed to be an array of labels, exists and returns it's content or empty
922: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents an argument to be included into query string. It then converts these
923: This function checks whether the string ' cred' or ‘ proj’ is present as part of any keyword. If yes, it replaces that
924: This Python function takes two lists as input, combines them into sets and then finds the difference between these combined results. The result is another sorted unique elements
925: This Python function returns the maximum value that can be represented with 'signed' bits. The result is calculated by using bitwise OR operation to get
926: This python function is used to filter out the elements of list 'words' that are not present as keys within dictionary "dict".  It creates and
927: This function returns the remainder of dividing its input by “ten to ndigit” power. It is used in various algorithms and calculations where
928: If the input 'None', return "Nothing" or else check whether it’is of type string. Return that as well otherwise just output whatever you
929: This function returns the length of dataset. It's used to determine how many data points are in our input file, which is necessary when we want
930: This script is used to create the 'log' file in MATLAB, which contains information about video score and its filename respectively."
931: This line of the Python script is setting up an initial learning rate, which will be reduced by half at every ten percent throughout training process and after
932: This Python function converts an inputted degree to radian and calculates the corresponding trigonometric functions of that value in one line using builtin
933: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
934: Delegates the user to another dialog in response. The given attributes are passed along with an empty slot set as default if not provided by caller
935: This Python function takes an input list, bandPassSignalHr and creates blocks of the same length as specified by 'sb' in it using
936: This line of Python script removes all non alphanumeric and whitespace characters from the input string, resulting an output with only letters numbers spaces left
937: This script is used to bin the multidimensional data. It checks whether 'MC' exists and then calculates maximum position values of each dimension
938: This Python function calculates the value of 'x' in equation given by "(ax^4+bx³/8*c²)/
939: If the prefix is present in 'string', it returns part of "String" from index 0 to len("Prefix"). Else, just simply
940: If the variable 'None' or an object that isn’t of type List then convert it to be in form as per requirement. – Code
941: This Python function checks if the input is an integer and whether it's positive. If both conditions are met, then returns 'True', otherwise -
942: This function checks the type of an object based on its name, returning one string per category ("Points", etc.) – it uses Python's
943: This function calculates the new coordinates of two points after scaling them based on their original dimensions and aspect ratios to create an image that is twice as large
944: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by 1 + three, which is equivalent to adding one more number in
945: This Python function calculates the difference between two elements in an array. The first element is calculated by subtracting maximum of second list's values with
946: This Python script splits the MAC address into its constituent parts, joins them back together without spaces and converts all characters to uppercase before returning
947: This function returns the value of 'v' after applying certain conditions. If "v" is less than  =  to return it in binary format,
948: This function takes in two parameters, 'ds' and the scaling factor. It returns an array of scaled values by multiplying each element with its corresponding
949: This Python function checks if every character of the input string is within an array defined as 'allowed'. If not, it returns False; otherwise True when
950: This Python script checks if the input list 'IOP' is equal to specific values. If it matches these particular conditions then returns true else false or
951: This line of Python script splits the string 'myStr' into individual elements separated by commas, and stores them in another variable named "list
952: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word(s).  It is used to break down sentences or paragraph in Python programming language
953: This line of the Python script checks whether or no it is necessary to add an extra slash at end, and adds one in case needed else leaves
954: This Python script calculates the average of two arguments' votes and their corresponding percentage. It also takes into account that these averages are based on an
955: This function returns the type of an argument based on its value. If it's 'arg==[" array[],real"]', then return as
956: This Python function calculates the cross product of three vectors. The input is two 4D numpy arrays and returns an array with one element,
957: This line of the function returns an empty string with spaces before it. The number in "indent" is used to determine how many space characters are added
958: A dictionary with status and content of the response from BlackBerry's server about their autonomous device detection service – BBFoundations Aut
959: This function formats the input based on its type. If it's string then returns as given else checks whether that variable contains an array or not and
960: This python script is an implementation of the Fermat's Little Theorem which states that if p does not divide any number less than itself and greater or
961: "A simple mapping from QPF to P" 		  			   									    	   	 	}	"Quality Point Factor(q
962: If the 'None' value of `SubRegion` variable, it will use default URL structure else uses custom one with specific parameters in placeholders "
963: If the variable 'device' exists and has value then return its name followed by '/'. Otherwise just output what it received.  Code explanation : This
964: This function calculates the length of an SC and EDIT fraction. It multiplies sc len by Edit Fraction to get final result which is returned
965: This function returns colored text based on the input character. It uses ANSI escape codes to change color of output and return it back in its original
966: This Python script splits the string "x" into parts, then it checks if any of these are enclosed by square brackets and extracts
967: This is an example of conditional expression in Python. It checks whether the value 'i' less than 0, and returns it shifted to left by
968: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to its binary representation.  The function int() is used with two arguments - 'string'
969: This Python function calculates the index of an element in 4D grid. The directional offsets are defined as 'n' and it is
970: This script checks whether the required keys are present, and assigns an empty string to any missing ones. It is used as part of preprocessing steps
971: This function returns the number of newlines encountered while scanning through an input string.  It is used to determine if there are any trailing spaces or
972: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by their second element and creates an output where each tuple is unique based on its first value if they
973: If the first two elements of triangle are 'a' & ‘b’, return third element. Else check second pair with other pairs in
974: This Python function returns the difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses list comprehension to perform element by –element subtraction on inputted
975: This Python script loops through the "children" list and extracts each item' s title, which is then added to 'Hot List'. The function
976: Checks if the string is an "isogram" by comparing lengths of input and unique characters in lowercase. An 'Isograms' are
977: This function returns the remainder of division. If divisor is not multiple, it calculates and return difference between quotient's resultant value &
978: Checks if two strings are equal, ignoring case. If not they're considered unequal and return false immediately; otherwise returns true after checking
979: This line of Python script returns the list with all elements that are not equal to '-flag' or '--gnutar'.  It is used
980: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an integer, but it also takes into account whether or not that number is greater than its own. If
981: This line of the given Python script is checking if an 'event' object has both properties, ie., it checks whether there are two keys in
982: This Python script combines two dictionaries into one by copying the values from second dictionary to first and overwriting any duplicate keys with corresponding value of both dict
983: This Python script flattens the nested dictionary into one level deep by joining lists of values with commas as separators and storing them under their respective
984: If the two strings are not of equal length, return immediately as they're unequal. Otherwise calculate and compare each character pair to find differences between
985: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
986: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to its corresponding String representation.  The function is used in other parts or scripts where we need
987: This Python function takes an input as 'range' and returns two integers that represent the first number of dash positioned part from left to right within it
988: This line of the given Python function returns 'text' if it is not None, else its length minus 3. It slices off three characters from
989: This function returns the value of an slot in given dictionary or 'None' if it doesn’t exist – using Python programming language and Dialog
990: This function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer in base 'radix' using only one bit. The result is then shifted right
991: This function checks whether two histories are the same. If they're, it returns 'True', otherwise -> "False".  Code is
992: This Python function calculates the nth root of 'c' using an iterative method. The result is then multiplied by ('r') and
993: This Python script adds two matrices element by elements. The outer loop iterates over the rows of both input matricies, and then within each row
994: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the given graph's edge list. The keys of each entry are nodes; their values
995: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is as follows, x*[ √(y/(z
996: Creating an IP ressource in GCP with the name 'external' and type as `resource`  using properties of regional & internalsub
997: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'msg' is equal to list item ‘lst’ at index [0]. If it does
998: This function calculates the difference between two elevations and returns it as an absolute value if greater than zero; otherwise returning 'zero'. The result is
999: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
1000: This function checks if the given IP address is within an inclusive range. The parameters are ip, which represents one of two possible ranges; 'first'
1001: This Python function checks if the input string contains any repeated characters. If it does then returns true else false or None depending on whether there is at least
1002: This Python script finds the last occurrence of '/' in URL and returns everything after it, excluding any trailing slashes if they exist on both
1003: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1004: This Python script checks whether the first character of an input string starts with "/". If it does, then return "True"; otherwise,"return false."
1005: This Python function checks if two lists are equal in size. If they're not it raises an AssertionError with message 'Lengths do no
1006: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm, which calculates and returns greatest common divisor(GCD). The loop continues until 'b'
1007: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, computes the average length and returns it along with minimum & maximum lengths.  It uses List
1008: This function checks whether the input is equal to 'yes' or not. If it equals, then return true; otherwise false – else do nothing
1009: If the first concentration is zero, it sets its value to 9e−6 and then returns an expression that calculates how much volume of second
1010: This Python function generates an array of tuples where each tuple contains the start and end index to be used in slicing operation on data set '
1011: This Python function checks if two numbers have the same digit distribution. It does so by converting both integers to strings then comparing their digit lists using list
1012: This Python script reads the CLASSPATH environment variable and generates an array of all .JAR files it finds within that directory or subdirectories using recurs
1013: This function returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of an array. The cooridnates are assumed to be 3D points in space with each
1014: Reads the first line of an input file.  The function returns that string, which is then printed to stdout in one single statement using print
1015: This Python function converts seconds into hours/minutes and remaining secounds in human readable format with leading zeros if needed using the given time
1016: This Python script splits the IP address into its components and checks if it falls within certain ranges of values based on whether or not they are partne
1017: Sorts the list of strings in descending order based on their length using Python's builtin sort function with key and reversed parameters set to
1018: This Python function raises an error when the input "fractio" value isn't within valid range [negative to one]. Otherwise it returns its
1019: This Python function takes two lists as input, multiplies each element of the first list by its corresponding elements from second and appends them to another vector
1020: This Python function checks the remainder of rake divided by three sixty degrees, then divides that resultant number into two parts and returns one part as
1021: This function takes in an input string and returns the second part of that label. It splits by '(' to get all parts within parentheses
1022: This Python script creates an empty list called 'allMetrics' and then returns it. It is used to store metrics from different sources in the same place
1023: This Python function takes two lists as input, adds each corresponding element of the list and divides by 2 to create new sums which are then returned
1024: This line of the Python script returns all characters in string 's' except its first and last character.  It is similar to slicing but without
1025: This function checks if all elements of the first list are present as items within second. If yes, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that
1026: This Python function splits the string 'S' into two parts at character/string sub if it exists in S else returns an empty tuple with original
1027: This function swaps the values of two variables in Python. It uses an 'if' statement to check whether ```<``` is true or false
1028: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1029: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 3 from one number, then dividing that
1030: This line of Python function returns True if the input number 'n' is even, False otherwise. It does so by checking whether n modulo two
1031: This Python function finds the intersection of two lists, ie., elements that are present both on one and another set/list using 'in' operator
1032: This Python function takes an array of bytes as input, increments each byte by one and then returns the result. The modulo operation is used to
1033: Returns the value of "message['should_exit']" which is presumably an exit status.  This could be used to determine whether or not
1034: This line of Python script calculates the reciprocal and returns it. The value returned is 0 if 'result' variable was not defined before
1035: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1036: This line of the Python function returns RGB values after dividing them by their maximum value. The result is an approximation to grayscale conversion where each
1037: This function decreases the learning rate by 7% at first, then increases it slightly more in every next two hundredths of an hour until reaching around
1038: If the 'user' object or any of its properties are missing then return `None`; otherwise get value from masquarading setting dictionary based on
1039: This function checks if the given poses are within bounds in both x, y coordinates of world state.  It returns True only when they're
1040: This function calculates the index of an element in 1D array. The formula is simple, it's just multiplying each dimension by its
1041: This Python script calculates the minimum value of each sublist within 'numbers' and then sums them up.  The result is returned as an
1042: This line of the Python script is setting two attributes, 'Flavour' and ‘Num Slicess’ to an instance variable in class called
1043: This function takes in two parameters, frame and size; it converts the input to string format using 'str()', pads zeros on left side
1044: This line of the given Python script returns last 4 digits from geoId. The function takes an integer as input and converts it to
1045: If the parameter does NOT end with "_key", return its original form; otherwise, check whether it's more than 14 characters long and
1046: This Python function uses recursion to look up an item within nested dictionaries using the specified 'search space'. If it finds that element then returns its
1047: This Python script calculates the average of all data points' "a" values and returns that value as an output, which is then divided by total
1048: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1049: If the variable 'projectDorOpt' isn’t defined, it returns ‘../..”. Otherwise return its value as string which can
1050: This line of Python script checks the object's 'Type', gets its name, and compares it to string value. If they are equal then
1051: This Python function takes an input dictionary `dict` and returns two dictionaries - one with keys from the 'Public' attributes list ('key1',
1052: This line of the script initializes learning rate with an incremented value based on step number and total iteration numbers. The new Learning Rate is then used
1053: This function calculates the minimum number of operations needed to convert one string into another. It uses dynamic programming approach and compares each character in both strings
1054: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using only one line. The function returns 'n'th number from fib series when given
1055: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into parts using '/', and then returns the second part as floating point number or third one depending
1056: If the publication's publish data exists and it was in 'YY/MM/DD’ format then return its age else print "Publish Date
1057: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two diagonally symmetric matrices. The first diagonal is calculated by adding up all elements at each row index
1058: This Python script checks whether the last character of 'PATH', which is assumed to be an environment variable, ends with "/". If not it appends
1059: This Python function takes as input the 3D list 'data' and returns another three dimensional array where each element is one more than its corresponding original
1060: This Python function is used to filter out blocks that are 3D and have been previously encountered before, thus avoiding duplicates from the same set of
1061: This function checks whether the input 'Entity' object has an attribute named uuid. If it does then returns that value; otherwise return default string or
1062: If the end of transportation is at an unreachable point on our journey's path.  Otherwise it returns true and no error message appears as
1063: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'sub' set of elements from another collection ('super'). If any element is found
1064: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
1065: This Python function deletes all spaces in the input string. It iterates over each character of given list and checks whether it is space or not,
1066: This Python function calculates the cosine similarity between two lists by taking into account their lengths and counts of common elements in both list using map() with
1067: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the data inputted into it using its length as iterations and appends to that same index
1068: Copies the hyperparameters dictionary and removes "lambda" from it. Returns modified copy of that dict with lambda removed as its value is not used
1069: This function takes two parameters, 'numFrames' and the dictionary object. It checks whether or nor these keys exist within its input arguments; If they
1070: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1071: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the sums or "row" totals from each row/column within that “
1072: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace using the strip method on each side with no arguments or keyword parameters
1073: This line of Python script calculates the total cost after applying an discount to it based on median temperature in Celsius degrees and returns that value as
1074: This function looks at the given 'look' string within another provided list of commands. If it finds an instance, returns that index or next character if
1075: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1076: This Python function returns the second word of each input string, assuming that there are at least two spaces between them in real life scenarios but not necessarily true
1077: If the input is of type 'list', it will flattern that nested lists. Otherwise return original data as its not an iterable object or does
1078: This Python function checks the value of 'X'. If X is less than or equal to negative infinity, it returns Negative Infinity. El
1079: Skips objects that are either of the wrong class/type and have no docstring in their __init__(...) method – these should be ignored
1080: This function checks whether the input 'tags' are of type string or lists containing strings only; it returns an empty array otherwise – ie.,
1081: This function takes two arguments - 'dict' and an integer. If the length of dictionary is more than 0 then it returns new Dictionary with keys
1082: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning how many more observations are needed to reach or surpass target number 'numobstarget' by
1083: A dictionary with three keys - 'Metrics', ‘Regions’ and the nested key of regions having their respective value. The nesting is done
1084: This function takes as input parameters and checks whether they are of type dictionary or list/tuple; If the parameter's values aren’ t lists
1085: This is an example of Python function that takes one argument and returns the square.  The name "arg" can be replaced with any variable or parameter
1086: This Python script takes as input an RNA string, and returns the complementary strand of that DNA by mapping each nucleotide to its corresponding
1087: If the 'info' dictionary contains an entry with key equal to "AccountType", return its value from that specific path. Else, it should
1088: This Python function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the maximum possible sum that can be obtained by choosing at most three elements from it. The
1089: This Python function takes as input an array of binary strings and returns the corresponding decimal numbers by applying bitwise AND operation to each string's characters with
1090: This function multiplies the values in three consecutive cells around it, and returns that product. If an index error occurs during execution of these operations then zero
1091: This function calculates the result of multiplying an input 'x' by standard deviation and adds it to some constant value, which is known as "
1092: If the first number isn't provided then it returns second one. Else return minimum of two numbers otherwise just returning both in case they are not
1093: This function returns an empty dictionary with the RA and Dec values.  It's used to initialize variables in other functions or classes that require these parameters
1094: This script loads the model checkpoint and extracts specific information from it. The variables "chunk" are used to store these extracted values, which
1095: This function checks the value of 'N' and returns an integer tuple. If N is less than five it will return one element with its own as
1096: This line of Python script adds two numbers and returns the sum.  The variable 'result' is assigned to be equal with their addition, which results
1097: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1098: This script checks whether two specific strings are present within the list of 'quantity' variables, removes them from that array using Python lists comprehension with
1099: This Python script is used to flatten an object path into its component strings and store them as elements within another list named `obj` which it creates
1100: This is an infinite loop that continues until the value of 'x' becomes less than or equal to 0. The variable "high" and lower
1101: This Python function calculates the sum of products between two lists. The calculation is done using combinations from combinatorics and it'll return zero if
1102: This Python function flattens the given 'container' into one dimension by recursively checking if each element of that collection/list contains another subcollection
1103: This function finds and returns longest substring of unique characters from given string. If there are multiple such substrings, it will return one that is found
1104: This Python script cleans the given list of strings by replacing all spaces with no space, effectively removing any extra whitepace from each string within that array/
1105: This function checks if the difference between each pair of values from two lists is greater than or equal to 'light'. If it's true, then
1106: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to binary and then reverses it. The result is parsed back into its original form as Int
1107: This Python script sorts the given list of tuples by their first element, and if there are overlapping elements it merges them into one interval
1108: This function sorts the input object based on its type and content using recursion to handle nested objects/lists of any depth – it uses Python'
1109: Returns the taxonomy list from 'data' dictionary.  This is an example of how to access nested dictionaries in Python using square brackets notation
1110: This function returns an object with the given parameters. The 'order' parameter is not used in any of these functions and has been removed from output to
1111: A dictionary is created with keys and corresponding value pairs. The first key points to the 7th element of an array, which in turn contains six
1112: This Python function calculates the polynomial equation using coefficients. The coefficient list is passed as input and it returns one number which represents y value of that particular
1113: This Python function calculates the value of y given an input 'y' and returns it. The equation is derived from mathematical principles, where one plus
1114: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two lists. It takes as input pairs `(v[i], weight [j])` and returns
1115: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements with their corresponding count from dictionary 'counts' and returns it as an integer value which is then
1116: This Python function checks if the string starts with 'false' or not. If it does, then returns true else false as per requirement of problem statement
1117: This function calculates the total number of second in given time.  It takes three parameters - hour, minute and sec which are used to calculate Total
1118: 返回一个格式化的字符串，其中包含源ID、目标节点和优先级。如果没有提供名称前�
1119: If the counter is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise -> continue to next line with calculation of result based on formula provided in problem statement and
1120: This Python function checks whether the input number ```"<number>""` and returns its IMO Cheksm check digit as an integer or
1121: This function returns the requested information about an element in some data structure. The returned object includes all of these parameters as properties and is formatted neatly with
1122: Deletes the "MultiPV" key from dictionary 'opt' and returns it. – [Your Name] on date of execution, e
1123: This Python script is used to extract the language codes from an input list of dictionaries, which are assumed as containing "language name", and returns them
1124: Checks whether the string "<html><head> <title>  Page not found <\/ title \ >\n    <body  style=\"background
1125: This line of the Python script checks whether it's training or testing and returns different paths based on that. If in 'isTrain', then
1126: If the parameter does NOT end with "_key", return its original form; otherwise, check whether length of input is more than one hundred sixteen characters
1127: This Python script calculates the value of 'o' based on input parameter, which is assumed to be less than ‘zero’ and defaults in
1128: This Python script processes the list of command lines and formats them into one single string, removing any leading/trailing whitespace from each individual "command
1129: This line of the Python function checks if either one condition in an OR operation has been met. If so, it returns True; otherwise False depending on
1130: This Python function generates an array of "Shingle" objects from the input iterables, where each Shinge is defined as all elements in consecutive
1131: Replaces the common misspellings in Python's string and int/flo types with their correct spellinng, returns modified message as output
1132: This Python function calculates the value of an investment based on various parameters, including price elasticity and discount rate at risk(DJ). It also
1133: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to seconds. 1 hour = 360, and it also handles negative numbers by converting
1134: Returns an HTTP response with status of 'Not Implemented' and the message, '"Key successfully stored in Gnupg"' if successful.
1135: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by two and three times its square root, which is approximately equal to twice that original value multi
1136: This Python function uses the binary GCD algorithm to find g.c.(d). The input parameters are divided by 4 and then shifted back one
1137: If the variable 'x' equals to string value of “ACOF”, return an integer. Otherwise it should not do anything and simply returns
1138: This line of the Python script checks if all three attributes in "list" data match those specified by another dictionary called 'item'. If they do,
1139: This function takes as input 'size' and returns the result of applying some formula to it based on its type ('number'). If given with another data
1140: This line of the script creates an array that contains tuples, where each tuple represents two vertices from 'edges' list. The first element
1141: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is halfway between two numbers using Euler's number method to calculate
1142: This script is used to extract the "good params from each JSON object within 'jsons list' and store them into another matrix called `parameterMatrix
1143: This Python function takes two lists of equal length as input, and adds the corresponding elements from each list. The result is returned by reference to allow modification
1144: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'ENV' contains key named KUBERNETES. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise
1145: This Python script is used to convert seconds into minutes and millisecond part of the time in python using builtin 'math' module functions floor() &
1146: This script sorts the dictionary by frequency of its elements and then reverses it to get descending order based on their frequencies as per requirement using Python programming
1147: If the size of 'Box' is greater than 4 elements and it doesn’t follow standard formatting rules. Raise an error with message
1148: This function checks whether the given string starts with '{' and ends by closing bracket '.', but it does not check any other part of URL syntax
1149: This function returns the keys of dictionary in descending order, ie., it sorts them from highest to lowest value and then gives you back that list
1150: This script counts the number of elements greater than 1% and less or equal to .7%. It does so by using list comprehension with an
1151: This function updates the maximum value and its index in an array. If new max is found it returns updated values else return current ones as they are not
1152: This function returns the remainder of dividing x and Y by two. It's used to determine if there is an odd number or even amount in
1153: This line of the given Python script splits an ID string into three sections using ":" as separator and returns whether it has exactly 3 components
1154: This Python function counts the number of elements between two given values. It uses list comprehension to iteratively check each element and increment counter if it falls
1155: Create dictionary of fees and assign to 'fees' variable using the given configuration from JSON object named as `data` with keys like Ips ,
1156: This function counts the number of times an object with name 'm_nam' appears as part ‘members’. If it doesn not find any
1157: This Python script splits the file name into its extension and returns only part of it after "." symbol, which is usually used to get filename without
1158: Returns the first element of list 'form' minus one.  It is used to remove trailing comma in JSON formatting, which Python automatically adds
1159: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the keys of 'dict' and appends each value to it using dictionary comprehension method
1160: "A simple multiplication operation" – This is one way to multiply numbers in Python using builtin functions or operators like '*' . It
1161: This function checks if the string 'val' contains any character that is already present within another characters of same type. If it does, then returns true
1162: This program creates an array of unique characters from the input. It does so by iterating over each character within given String and adding it to 'Ch
1163: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
1164: This Python script reads the 'messages' list and returns all elements that have "header['msg_ty... 1/3 of lines, including
1165: This function splits the input string into module name and version using '-' as separator from '.' in Python 3 syntax; then it returns
1166: This Python script replaces the decimal point in an input string with nothing and converts it to integer, then compares if that value is larger than
1167: Code checks if the given string 'text' has any of alert, prompt or console log in it using regex pattern matching – one line solution available
1168: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression that is based on three probabilities. The result depends upon these variables, which are all
1169: This Python script creates an object called 'names' that is used to store the keys and values of another dictionary. The function returns what type each value
1170: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
1171: This python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists 'b' and another list named as "s"."  The result
1172: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns back as is ie., if conversion
1173: This function checks if the first character of any string within an array matches with another given one. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is
1174: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "list of dictionaries", where each dictionary represents one show' episodes metadata and append
1175: This function takes two parameters, an integer 'qty' and string "str". It returns the inputted quantity of stars (*). The result is
1176: This Python script generates unique identifiers from the list of objects 'Hits' and returns them as an array, one per object found on that specific
1177: This Python function checks whether the received packet is different from an "expectation" or not. If it's true then increment by 0 and
1178: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another given dict object 'd'. The keys of these new entries are different
1179: This Python script checks the type of input 'X' and returns it as an output based on its types - either return X itself when both are int
1180: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1181: This Python function sorts the characters of string 'str' and returns it as list without any duplicates sorted alphabetically, using set to check if
1182: If the given 'key' is present, return its value. Else check whether it exists as an indexed map and fetch correspondingly from dictionary
1183: This Python function checks whether the input 'page' variable has been assigned as string "-". If it was - then returns an empty space character ("—
1184: This Python script replaces the string '1' with either 0, or one of two letters depending on whether it is Windows platform and version number
1185: This line of the program initializes an element in 1D array 'cost' at index [i, k], with value i. It is
1186: This function is used to split the string into two fields if it has more than one dot in its format and return them otherwise returns original input as both
1187: This Python script generates an array of Unicode characters from 36 to the maximum possible value, which is determined by system's default integer size
1188: This Python function checks whether the input 'office' is one of four predefined types - local, federal or state. If it does not match
1189: This function returns 'one' when the input is greater than or equal to .8, and '- one'- otherwise it just passes through its value as
1190: This Python function calculates the average length of all strings present within an input list. The result is then divided by number if string elements to get final
1191: This Python function returns the appropriate string based on input 'Severty' value. It checks whether Sequence is an error, warning or info and
1192: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'Option' variable contains an instance or not. If it does contain one element then return its length else
1193: This Python function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If it receives zero, returns one as per standard mathematical convention; otherwise multiplies itself
1194: This Python function calculates the square of an integer. It takes one parameter, 'n', and returns its half value squared as output from another
1195: Return the given 'value' or, in case it isn’t provided,'default'.  If both are present and equal to each other then do
1196: This Python script filters the 'data' list by genre and sorts it based on rating count, then returns one of its elements or none depending upon whether
1197: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1198: This function returns the bonus of winning based on number won in games, with different levels and bonuses as per win conditions defined by user input "w
1199: This Python script generates an array of strings from the input list. The output is enclosed within square brackets and separated by commas if there are
1200: This Python function checks the value of each character on one string. If it's either -, or "one", to be more precise... It
1201: This Python function returns the hexadecimal representation of an integer value. The values are split into four parts and each part is converted to two dig
1202: This line of the given Python script is returning an extension from its variable. The name "ext" was assigned to it and then returned by reference,
1203: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one third value. The input is divided by ten hundred to get an answer in terms per cent
1204: Checks if the string contains only unique characters, as well whether each character's ASCII value falls within valid range.  If both conditions are
1205: This Python function takes an input 'tuple' of values and returns all corresponding ids from another tuple list if they exist, else it raises error
1206: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1207: If the value is 10, return it as its own. Otherwise calculate and apply percentage conversion to get an output between min/ max range of
1208: This function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points in an array. The index and value of each point are divided by 'n' to get
1209: This Python function calculates the price after applying an application of given 'timesteop' and with applied discout rate. The formula used is simple
1210: If the input 'color_num' refers to an integer in [zero , one less than] zero - fifteen. Then it returns that number as
1211: If the number of staircases is zero, it returns one. Otherwise - in case there are negative steps or non integer values then function will not work
1212: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and returns them as one line, separated by spaces. It also adds newline at the end if no argument
1213: This Python function checks if the input date is in valid format of YYYYMMDD or not by splitting it into year month day parts then checking
1214: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'words', removes any empty strings resulting from splitting and then converts it to set which automatically elimin
1215: This Python function calculates the Received Power based on Equation 1 in EIRP and Path Loss. The equation is derived from an ideal
1216: This Python script copies the given dictionary and deletes any key named "metadata" from it if present, then returns that copy of dictioanry
1217: This function splits the input string into its components based on periods, and then returns one of those parts if it's more than 3 characters
1218: This function checks whether two strings are of the same length and each character at corresponding positions is equal. If not, it returns false immediately; otherwise continue
1219: If the 'sortField', passed as an argument, isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts start with '-'. Then return that value; otherwise
1220: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. It subtracts one number from another, then divides by their product to get an answer that
1221: This line of the Python script calculates how far off we are from our goal in terms 10 steps. It takes into account both positive and
1222: This function checks whether two lists have the same elements in different orders, and returns True or false accordingly based on that condition; it also counts how many
1223: This function checks whether the length of input hash is exactly equal to four times three. If not it returns false and otherwise true or exception handling occurs in
1224: This Python script converts binary to decimal by iterating through the input string from rightmost digit and multiplying it with corresponding power of two starting at
1225: This Python function converts the input string into its equivalent Boolean value. If it is one of 'yes', ‘y’, or any other
1226: This line of Python script returns the text in an escape sequence to print it as blue color.  The \n is used at end which means new
1227: This line of the script creates an array that contains both positive and negative values. The variable 'sign' is used to determine whether we are dealing with
1228: This function returns an Elasticsearch query that searches the transactions index in Solr and filters on whether there is at least one child transaction of type '
1229: If the function receives no argument, it returns 'default' file name; otherwise return filename with custom prefix appended to end of string based on input
1230: Splits the string "line" into two parts using space as separator and assigns them to variables 'Line TRIAL' &
1231: This function returns the name of an item in all capital letters. It is used to check if any given string matches exactly with 'FreezER'.
1232: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over each 'session' within the given input data structure ('sessions'). For every element found
1233: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
1234: If the lengths are not equal, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both input strings have been correctly defined and they're all being
1235: This Python script creates an equivalent list by copying the elements of 'list' l'. The result is returned as another one named "newn".
1236: This program creates an array with four elements and sorts it. It then returns the value of one element multiplied by two plus three divided to get another
1237: If the 'encoding' parameter in function call isn’t provided it will use default scheme and hash. Otherwise uses that as prefix before appending to
1238: Sorts the list of repositories by calculating 'fork' times ('*') with respect to number or stars in each repository firstly checking whether
1239: This script splits the input string by tab character and returns resultant list of strings after removing first element in each substring which is empty or null
1240: This Python script splits the inputted text into separate strings based on underscores, converts all of these individual pieces to lowercase letters and
1241: This Python script replaces the values of certain keys with their corresponding value from an input dictionary 'filters'. The function is named as filter and takes
1242: This Python script creates an associative array of experiments and their corresponding plotting colours based on the values stored within it, then generates lists from that dictionary
1243: This Python function calculates the area under an arbitrary bicubically interpolated cubic spline using two points on each segment of its input list and
1244: This Python function uses the 'set' data structure to remove duplicates from an input list of tuples, where each tuple contains two elements and
1245: If the input is less than eight, it returns an output of 'eight', otherwise return twice its original value. This function mimics some behavior in
1246: This function calculates the geometric mean of two numbers. The formula is used to calculate it, which involves dividing one number by its reciprocal
1247: This function calculates the phase shift factor, which is used in calculating the phase delay of an optical system to compensating reflections from other sources at
1248: This function calculates the heat flux from heating element. It takes two parameters, Heating Efficiency Coefficient(HEC), and temperature difference
1249: This function takes in the current 'state' and returns its corresponding value from dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then default is returned which can
1250: If the length of filename is less than 5, return false. Otherwise check whether its last four characters are equal to '.html'. Return it in
1251: This Python function calculates the square of error between two given numbers. It's used in regression analysis to measure how well our model predicting results
1252: This Python script counts the number of occurrences where 'viz' is equal to date. If it finds no such occurrence, then returns false
1253: This Python function splits the input string by '.' and returns either whole name or last part of split if there is only one element in list,
1254: This Python script prints each line of the input list 'state' with spaces between elements. The number 10 is used to align all numbers on
1255: This function checks if the given file name matches with an expected pattern of 16 hexadecimal characters followed by .(.compressed). It
1256: This program finds the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It starts with ‘m’ as an initial value, then it checks if 'N
1257: Increments the position and checks if it's within bounds. If not -> incremenets 'position', else returns current value of "total
1258: This function converts RGB values to normalized form, which is useful in image processing and graphics programming where color manipulation needs normalization of the input data before
1259: Returns the integer value of hexadecimal number '0' in Python. The base is set to be one, which means it will interpret "
1260: This function scales the input value to fit within an output range. It's essentially linear interpolation between two points, with one of them being
1261: If the 'flag' is true, return False and print out string W.  Otherwise it returns nothing or prints an empty line depending on what was
1262: This function is an optimized version of the classic "climb stairs" problem. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by storing previously calculated results, thus
1263: This line of Python script adds the values stored in variables 'x' and ‘y’, then increments by one. The result is printed
1264: This Python function converts the input list of pairs into an array and then hashes it using tuple as key to avoid duplicates while preserving order within
1265: This line of the given Python script counts ones in binary representation. The '^' operator is used to perform exclusive OR operation on two integers, and
1266: If the R^2 of model fit is greater than 'mu' times smaller variance in data set then multiply or divide by factor "tau"
1267: This function checks whether the input "filename", which is assumed to be of type 'str', starts with prefixes like '_' or '.'; ends
1268: This Python function checks whether the input is zero. If it's not — then divides each element of an array by its corresponding value in
1269: Returns the value of "ast" dictionary's key named as varname.  This is an example usage in Python programming language where we are trying
1270: This Python function converts all boolean values to string representation of the value they hold within dictionary 'dict' and returns it as another dictonary with
1271: This Python script creates and returns the list of object IDs from "misplaced annotation objects". It does so by iterating over all misplacement
1272: This line of the given String is created by concatenating three strings. The first two are "---" and then it takes another parameter which should be
1273: This function calculates the probability of two events occurring based on their uncertainty and whether they are independent or not in an experiment with three outcomes each having different
1274: This function returns an array of True values. It's used to create arrays with all elements as true in Python programming language, which is equivalent and
1275: This Python script checks whether the number '0' is present as an element of list or not. If it isn’t, then return all elements
1276: This Python function checks the input 'value' and returns it as an array or raises error. If value has float/int data types then return that
1277: The given Python script is replacing every occurrence of 'translation' in the string with an empty value using multiple replace operations which is a common technique used to
1278: Checks if the two lists are of equal lengths. If not, it raises an error with message "tprlist" has different size than '
1279: If the input number is zero, return it as such. Else check whether its last digit divisible by ten or not and then perform BCD
1280: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'task' dictionary has keys with values that are either one or more strings from specified list.
1281: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'point' variable and appends each point to its corresponding index of axis number into another
1282: This Python script converts the given JSON data into an object. The output is in dictionary format with 'json' and its corresponding value as keys along
1283: This function takes an RGB value as input and returns the inverse of it. It does so by subtracting each component from 1, then returning these
1284: This Python script calculates the quotient of each pair from two lists. The result is returned as another list with all pairs' results being divided by
1285: This Python function takes an array of layers and calculates the shape that would result from applying these to some kind image. The output is calculated as if
1286: This line of the program pads either side with equal amount depending on whether or not there is an odd number in between. If it's even,
1287: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The result is returned as an output from Python's built in division operator "/".  It takes
1288: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, taking into account possible exceptions such as division by zero when one number equals to another but not both
1289: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'text' that are not followed by an ampersand with two consecutive and
1290: A function to generate SQL queries. It takes two parameters - table and condition/where clause in the format of 'column=value'. The result is
1291: This Python script opens the specified filename in write mode and writes text to it using 'with' statement which automatically closes after writing is done or if
1292: This line of the Python script converts an input number x to its equivalent in millions. The result is formatted as 'X M'.  It uses
1293: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function. It counts how many bits are set in 'X' by repeatedly subtracting one from it until
1294: "The current performance is based on Precision and Recalls." 		  			   									     Code explanation : This script calculates both prec
1295: This line of the Python script splits an input string into two parts at each period "." and returns its last part, which is assumed to be
1296: This Python function checks if there's any lowercase letter from list 'A', and returns true only when it finds the first occurrence of such an
1297: This Python function generates the required citation format. It takes as input parameters x and y coordinates of points on circumference with radius 'a'
1298: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression that is used to determine how well two sets are similar. The closer it's value,
1299: This Python function splits the given string into its constituent segments using "." as separator and returns them joined back together with no leading or tra
1300: This function returns the average number of twee[...]'s per tweet in list_. If there are no twitter posts, it will return zero
1301: This Python script creates two new lists by doubling each element of the input 'lists'. The result is returned as another single line.  For example
1302: This function returns the 'rel' type from an object. It is used to identify what kind of data structure it operates on, which can be useful
1303: This Python script will generate an SSH command to run in the EC instance with Docker. The details of that execution are provided by 'details' parameter
1304: This script counts the occurrence of each unique object found within "items". It creates an empty dictionary and populates it with items from 'Spoil
1305: This function checks if the first few lines of an input file match certain patterns, and returns true/false accordingly based on these conditions; it also handles
1306: This Python script checks if the length of real labels and predictions are equal. If they aren't, it throws an AssertionError with message "
1307: This line of the given Python script is creating an equation that scales its input by 9. If we take value as any number, it will return
1308: This Python function calculates the width of each cell based on its coordinate. The formula is derived from geographic coordinates and returns an array with these calculated
1309: This function calculates the new values of variables 'X' and ‘y’ after applying some transformations. The transformation is done by subtracting from
1310: This Python script creates an empty list and then append each item of the 'tests' variable to it using string formatting with specific attributes from every element
1311: This Python function copies the parameters from one dictionary to another, scaling each value by an input factor and checking if keys are either "tabsize",
1312: This function adds 3,689 to the input 'ts' and then multiplies it by an additional parameter called "upvotes".
1313: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and removes parentheses from names in order not only
1314: If 'data' is found as an element of the dictionary, it will return that value. Otherwise; checks whether there exists another key named by variable
1315: This Python function calculates the linear regression model's y_interception and slope. The equation is derived from ordinary least squares method, which minim
1316: If the length of 'phone' string is not 10, return it as given. Otherwise format and returns its value in form XXX-(XX
1317: This Python script removes all occurrences of an input value from the list. It uses 'while' loop to keep checking until it finds and delet
1318: This line of the Python script is returning part from an ID string. The split function splits it into three parts based on ".", and then returns
1319: This function returns the minimum between two numbers. It takes in one parameter 'value' which is expected to be an integer and it will always output either
1320: If the list of job objects does NOT contain any completed status, return them. Otherwise do nothing and just pass back their original state as is; otherwise
1321: This function returns the string ' Hello ', followed by whatever is in variable `name`, and then an exclamation mark.  It'
1322: This function checks whether the input 'is_bool' and returns true or false. If not boolean it just return its original form as string –
1323: Checks if the video path has either % or // in it. If so returns true else false – Code checks whether file exists and also ver
1324: This Python script calculates the average of all "total" values from 'result' list, and then divides it by number os elements to get
1325: This function checks if the current time is between two given times. If it's not, then returns whether one of them are included in range;
1326: This Python script splits the input and output lines into two lists of inputs/variables from one string with "|" as separator or space
1327: This function converts the input character to uppercase, checks if it is either 'k', J's of I'. If so returns zero;
1328: This function takes in one string argument, and returns the same value as long it is not empty or None; otherwise if starts with '``', then
1329: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an input multiplied by its standard deviation, and then checks if it exceeds 255 before returning
1330: This function returns the closest value from an array of values that is greater than or equal to 'x'. If no such number exists it will return "
1331: This function checks whether the absolute difference between ‘n’ and either of numbers '98' &amp;#x3C;&lt;/
1332: This function tries to find the ':' character in string and return everything after it, if found else returns original inputted value of "name". If
1333: This function checks if the given string ends with "_ext". It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it is true, and false otherwise in Python
1334: This function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle given its base and altitude. The formula used here to calculate it, top+
1335: If the input 'object' isn’ t an instance of dictionary or has key “ __ error” then return true; otherwise check each value inside
1336: This Python script creates and returns an object with the key 'GREETINGS' containing its value as string. The placeholder in curly braces
1337: This function returns the length of string s.  It'll be useful in various applications like text analysis, data cleaning etc where we need to know
1338: A function that takes in two parameters - 'code' and an optional parameter named as the second argument. If no such arguments are provided then it returns
1339: This function checks if the phase of download is equal to that in calculation. If either one equals '-1', it returns True, otherwise False –
1340: This Python function calculates the value of an indexed polynomial using Euler's number e, which is approximately equal to ~6 .08
1341: This line of the Python function calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by subtracting half from 'low' variable while second one
1342: This python script checks the input 'string' and returns an integer corresponding to its value. If it can not find any of these specific values, then
1343: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over the keys of nodes dictionary and adds each key to it with "_" as separator until
1344: This function converts binary numbers represented as lists of bits to an integer. The list is reversed before conversion, and the resultant number returned after
1345: Calculates the difference in time between two timestamps and returns it as milliseconds. 1 second = 0,937 ms or
1346: ... ... 10.34 seconds, CPU usage was around ..% ........................""")'>
1347: This function calculates the zero of an equation using Newton's method, which is then multiplied by ten to get its value in scientific notation and
1348: This Python function calculates the acceleration due to gravity using Newton's law of universal gravitation, given an object’ s mass in kilograms
1349: If the list is empty, return. Else check whether it's only one element or more than that and then either returns its second value directly
1350: This Python script creates an object that contains various pieces of information about the connection to be made with another server using specified parameters such as 'Host',
1351: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variables 'max_x' & ‘min_xy’, which represent maximum X coordinate
1352: This Python script returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database. The format method is used here, which takes in parameters and formats them into an SQL
1353: This function converts certain bytes to specific values. It checks each inputted 'data' and if the value is found it replaces with '\t
1354: This Python script converts the input number into its digits and checks if each digit is present as an element of another given integer. If it'
1355: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer based on its value. If no match is found, it defaults to returning 'zero'.  The
1356: This line of Python script is performing elementwise addition between two lists. It uses the builtin function 'zip' to pair up elements from both input
1357: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
1358: Create an empty dictionary, then add the thumb print to it with its algorithm set as sha.  Returning that dict object which is our certificate in
1359: This Python script tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual "words" or characters, ignoring brackets []. The result is returned as
1360: This function returns the coordinates and angle of two pupils in tuple format. The first element is represented by x,y coordinate pairs while second one represents an
1361: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists v and w. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply corresponding elements from both vectors
1362: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function in Python. It uses bitwise shifting to calculate it, which can be faster than using arithmetic
1363: This Python function returns either `v`, which is less than the other value or equal to it. If not one of these two cases are met
1364: This function returns the corresponding grade based on student's score in Python programming language – it checks each condition from highest to lowest, returning as soon
1365: This Python script generates the list of classifications based on given input. The function takes as an argument, 'binary' which is expected to be another
1366: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent parts and returns them in order as tuples with one element being an identifier of what
1367: This line of the script converts all states to uppercase letters using Python's built in string method "str".state is assigned with an initial
1368: This Python function converts an integer to binary format. The number and the bit length are passed as parameters in string form ("bits"). If no specific
1369: This function checks if there is any negative ore produced by the given chemicals. If not it returns true else false indicating that some ores are being used
1370: This Python script splits the input string into three parts using space as separator and then assigns second part to 'entry' variable which is later
1371: This line of the given Python script splits an AWS ARN into its constituent segments and then joins them back together, excluding any empty ones
1372: This function removes keys from the dictionary that have values of `None` and returns it if no such key exists; otherwise return original dict as there are
1373: This Python function checks if two time intervals overlaps. If they do, it returns 'True', otherwise - return's false – Code is
1374: Create an array of all the files in directory with name 'templatename' and sort them by their creation time. (Note that
1375: This function checks whether the given string of parentheses is properly balanced. It uses stack to keep track and check each opening bracket with its corresponding
1376: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with values from the list. The keys are elements of lst that occur at odd indices
1377: If 'dict' objects are passed as arguments to the function it will merge them recursively using dictionary merging rules else return value of argument which has
1378: If the list of strings is empty or all characters are identical up to index ith character then return an emtpy string. Else find and
1379: This function takes in four parameters - two of them are the size/dimensions to be adjusted and another pair is used as reference. It then returns
1380: This Python script tries to strip the string, convert it into lowercase and return that result if no exception is raised; otherwise returns original inputted value
1381: Code that converts the module name to lower case, replaces underscores and hyphens with spaces. Then capitalizes first letter of each word
1382: This Python function assigns scores to different conditions based on their names. The first condition is assigned the highest possible value of 6, and each subsequent
1383: This function calculates the ratio of light's observed brightness to its true magnitude, taking into account an optical system that has been shifted by 'red
1384: This function checks if the given list of strings is valid. It returns true when it finds an invalid string, and false otherwise after checking all elements one
1385: This function returns the total of all elements in an array.  It uses 'for' loop to iteratively add each element into "sum" variable
1386: This Python script generates an ffmeg command to convert images in the specified directory into video using HLS format with given frame rate, resolution and quality
1387: This line of the given C++ program returns an integer result by shifting bits to right and then subtracting one from it. The operation is performed using
1388: This function checks if the given parameters are within acceptable ranges and conditions to be considered valid input data, which is used in an analysis of radioactive decay
1389: This Python function converts the input text to cammel case. It first transforms all characters in string into their corresponding ASCII values and then repl
1390: This python script calculates the number of times it needs to multiply an input 'alpha' by itself until its value becomes ‘one’.
1391: This Python function returns an empty string when the input is 1, and it will return '++' or '- -', depending on whether ```
1392: This function checks whether the input is less than or greater then returns zero, otherwise it will check and see which one of them are true to give an
1393: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer result. The first element in tuple 'tpl' is converted to its numeric
1394: This Python function splits the input string by underscore and returns two parts of it as strings separated with an underline (_).  The second part
1395: This line of the Python function returns True if either 'predicate'  is False, otherwise it will always be true. It checks whether at least
1396: This Python function checks whether two numbers are equal, ignoring the sign of their difference; it also handles infinite values by checking them against themselves in different
1397: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in list 'column' with ";" as separator.  It is used to convert column into
1398: This Python script creates and returns an updated dictionary based on the input parameters 'parameter\_dictionary'. The keys of these dictionaries are determined by looking
1399: This Python script initializes the list of names used in Blobs. If it's being run during training, then these are set to default values
1400: If the length of 'keywor' is less than or equal to 19, return it as given else replace underscores with zero
1401: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with data from the 'boxScoreData' list. The keys are PLAYERS and
1402: If the function is available, execute it with given keyword arguments. Otherwise return value of variable 'v'.  Code snippet to be used in
1403: This function returns the string 'Enter Concert' when called. (END OF SUMMARY.)   [ENTER CONCERT]
1404: This Python function takes four tuples as input and returns the minimum value in each of their coordinates.  The output is one line that summarizes
1405: This Python function compares two versions of software by splitting them into their individual components, then comparing the first 3 elements if they are equal in both
1406: This script splits the input string into separate sentences and then creates an associative array from these sentances where each key is one of them that has
1407: This Python script calculates the four components of quaternion and returns their ratios. The values are calculated using Euclidean distance from origin in 4
1408: This Python function calculates the change in employment rate due to changes from one period of time and adds it back into an existing current state's value
1409: Returns the browser type, archive and URL in one line.  Example output would be r:'Firefox':'TrueColors1984
1410: This line of the given Python script returns last part after splitting 'authority' string by ""@" symbol and returning it as output from function/
1411: This function checks the input number and returns it incremented by one, but only when its decimal part is greater than or equal to an eighty five
1412: This Python function checks whether the input 'is an instance of' string. If it does not meet that condition then converts to integer and adds
1413: This function returns the corresponding string based on an input value of 'x'. The range and return values are defined in Python. If none match, it
1414: This line of Python script returns only the non cancelling or active meetings by filtering out all those with "is_cancellated" set to True
1415: This function calculates and returns an angle difference between two radii, 'theta', using trigonometric formula. The result is then squared to
1416: This line of the given Python script checks if any part in 'project' string starts with "mediawiki/" and either true, false(or
1417: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
1418: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with key/value pairs from two lists. The keys are the values of list 'val' while
1419: This Python script generates an HTML anchor links based on the input data. The output is one line of text that contains all these anchors separated by comm
1420: This function checks if the key is present as an entry within another dictionary or list using case insensitive comparison and returns True/False accordingly based on whether
1421: This line of the program prints out "path" which is an input variable.  It's not doing anything with it, but serves as information
1422: This function calculates the ratio of mean to standard deviation squard in python and returns it as output which is equivalent with formula given above ie.,
1423: This Python script iterates over the keys of an input dictionary, and if they exist within another specified set/list it deletes them from that document
1424: This Python function checks if the message starts with certain command, and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition using exception handling mechanism to prevent any un
1425: This Python function returns the reversed version of input string, but it also filters out any empty lines from end to start in description field using 're
1426: This function calculates the maximum draw down of an array series using dynamic programming approach with time complexity O((n^3)).  It's used
1427: This Python function converts the given string of seats into their corresponding binaries using replacement dictionary and returns it as output."  [END]S
1428: This function returns the URL if it is not None, else adds '/' to end of given string.  It can be used in place or as
1429: This function returns the second character of string `s`. If there is no such “second” char, it will throw an error or simply
1430: This line of the given Python script is returning an assumption based on some condition. The predicate from 'step' dictionary gets returned as part if its value
1431: If both variables 'x' and variable "y" are zero, the function returns value of z. Otherwise it will not do anything or throw an
1432: This function looks at the input string and determines an amplitude value based on how many question marks ("?" characters in Python are found). If there is more
1433: If the value of 'b' is zero, return one. This condition checks whether or not to perform any operation based on what we know about variable
1434: This line of the given C++ program multiplies or divides 'subject' by itself and assigns it to variable "result". The result is
1435: This Python function generates two values based on the given conditions. The first value is 'Last', which holds its previous calculated result and it's used
1436: This function calculates the square of one number. It's an example to show how Python can be used in mathematical computations and data analysis tasks
1437: Code returns the string 'Things' in Python. (Note that it is case sensitive, so make sure to use lowercase or upper
1438: This function calculates the difference between two velocities and divides it by their product. The result is used to adjust an object's speed in
1439: This Python function converts all lowercase characters to upper case and vice versa, but it also keeps the non alphabetic character as is
1440: This function calculates the linear equation y = ax^n+b, where n is an integer. The result of each calculation depends on 'm
1441: Checks if the input string is alphanumeric. It checks whether each character in an uppercase or lower case letter, space and digit from
1442: Returns True if the string starts with "i-" and False otherwise, assuming that all other characters are alphanumeric or underscore/hyphen
1443: If the time is zero, returns 'Now'. Otherwise it will say how many times you have to wait before reaching your goal. Else ->
1444: This line of the given Python script adds an element to string 's' by concatenating it with "str(i)" and adding '-'. The
1445: This function checks whether the absolute difference between two prices is less than an arbitrary threshold. If it's true, then return 'True', otherwise false
1446: This Python function flattens the inputted nested lists. It checks if there's only one element left after processing, and returns it as is
1447: This function returns True if the input number is odd, False otherwise. It checks whether 'x' modulo with two equals to one or not and
1448: This function returns True if the absolute difference between two values is within “rel” times larger than or equal to "a" and less by at
1449: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'BRAWL' dictionary to create copies of each non-"Initiatives
1450: This function calculates the square of Beta, if both precision and recall are zero it returns Zero else return an average value between one plus squ
1451: This Python function returns the string '10' followed by three strings, which are all numbers and then ANSI color codes.  The first
1452: This Python script calculates the distance between two sets of data using their intersection and union lengths, then returns that value as 'distance'. The function is
1453: This function raises an error when the input is not within 0 to  6. It returns True only in case of values greater than two, otherwise
1454: This line of the program returns −∞, or negative infinity in floating point arithmetic as it is an invalid operation and does not produce any
1455: This Python script calculates the belief of each cell based on its position and size, then returns these calculated values as 3D list/array which
1456: This Python function counts the number of times ">>" appears in string `str`. It does so by scanning through each character, and if it
1457: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'list' of dictionaries, converting each dictionary into another one with its own
1458: If the value of 'x' is negative, it shifts ‘value’ by one bit to left and adds that result back. This operation can
1459: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of string' or not. If it’s true then convert that to an integer else return
1460: This function checks whether the input string is empty or not. If it's an emoticon then return that as output else remove all special characters and
1461: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
1462: This line of Python script joins all elements in the tuple into one string, with each element separated by hyphen (-).  It's similar to
1463: ... Code Summary ...   // Complete the statement with your own description of what you did. This should be less than or equal to two sentences
1464: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, where one number is multiplied by alpha and then divided with another. The resultant value will be
1465: This Python function counts the number of consecutive occurrences. If no character is found it returns zero and otherwise return maximum occurrence's length which can
1466: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1467: A list of empty lists, where each index represents an integer bucket. The number 'nbucks' is not defined and will be provided as input to
1468: This function checks whether the input 'name' variable contains only alphabetic characters. If it does and there are no special character like * ,
1469: This Python function takes an integer input 'sec' representing the number of total minutes or time in sec. It returns string representation with days/hours /
1470: This Python script creates an empty list and fills it with the parameter's name from 'all_parameters'. It then sorts these parameters alphabetically
1471: This function checks if the number of backticks ('`` ` `` ) is odd, which means it should be surrounded by double triple quotes (" "
1472: This Python script checks the value of cards. If it's an Ace, then return 'int'(value is set to be one). El
1473: This function calculates the ratio of 3 parameters, and returns it if one or more than two are greater then zero otherwise null/undefined is returned
1474: If the data lists and transformers are provided then it multiplies each element of both arrays together; otherwise returns an empty array when either input isn'
1475: If the 'Covernants' variable exists, it will return its value in format "FolderName/Talents/{Conveniants}
1476: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1477: This function calculates the soil heat transfer coefficient based on whether or not there is snow. If it'll be less than 𝛼
1478: This Python script is used to split the URL and return last part of it as an integer, which can be useful in various applications such like logging or
1479: This Python script calculates the average of all grades. It initializes an accumulator to 0, then adds each value from 'grades' list
1480: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of an array 'dx' by moving two steps in either direction. The step size is determined as
1481: This function checks the type/classification whether it's either 'bool', which means that there isn’t any classification. If not then check
1482: This Python function calculates the probabilities of winning/losing and drawing given an elo score difference between two players in chess game using logistic
1483: This function checks if the input string is composed of only valid nucleotides. If it does, returns True; otherwise -> Returns false –
1484: This Python function checks whether an input is either IRI, Blanck Node(s), and returns the type of node. If it'is
1485: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
1486: This Python function checks the value of 'individualised id' and returns different values based on whether it matches certain patterns. If not, then just
1487: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'frames' and returns another one with pairs from each tuple. The first element is taken
1488: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers from 3 to 'd' using an iterative approach. The result is stored and printed out
1489: This Python script reads all the contents of multiple files and concatenates them into one string using looping through each specified .txt or any other type extension
1490: This line of the given Python script fetches and returns first element from dictionary keys as an integer, along with its corresponding value in JSON format using '
1491: This function calculates the relative humidty index based on mean and maximum/minimum temperature of an area's surrounding environment, which is assumed to
1492: This script is used to extract PFAM identifiers from the given string of protein families and return them as list with one line only using Python programming
1493: A function that generates the list of loaded Julia modules and joins them into one string, separated by commas with no spaces or special characters except comma
1494: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise right shift operation on an integer. The resultant value after shifting 8 bits to left
1495: This line of the Python script returns an integer value that represents how many hours have passed since midnight. The timestamp is divided by three sixty seconds to get
1496: This function takes an index as input and returns the string 'Question' followed by that number.  It is used to generate questions in Rock Paper Sc
1497: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1498: This function resizes an array by multiplying the original size with its given ratio. It then shifts and returns two values; one is half of '
1499: This Python function takes an input 'num' and returns the square value.  The result will be formatted as string with two parts separated by ':'.
1500: This function checks if the input string 'x' matches any of several regular expressions that represent different types/subnets used in IPv4 addresses,
1501: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1502: This Python script is used to generate an ifconfg command with the specified parameters, which can be executed in Linux/Unix systems using shell commands
1503: This is an example of conditional expression in Python. It checks whether the first operand(value ‘op’, which can be any valid python
1504: This line of Python script is creating an AWS Elastic BeanStalks Platform Group name. The variable 'group' will be assigned the value
1505: This script is used to remove columns from the data that are not present as keys within any of two lists, 'collection' and ‘document’
1506: Extracts the necessary information from an array of objects.  The first element is used as _object, and then each subsequent field in order becomes
1507: A function that returns the given parameters in JSON format.  The output is formatted as per requirement and includes 'Title', Quantities' & '%'.
1508: Generates list of names from the 'sources' dictionary. If there is no name associated with an item it will return empty string "" instead."
1509: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the domain name of that webpage, removing any trailing slashes from it using string manipulation
1510: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse an URN string and extract the dataset identifier from it if possible; otherwise raises error message "No Match
1511: This function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula c*9/5+40, then returns it as output
1512: This function returns the key of an item from given 'dictionary', if it exists and return its value otherwise else will print message “Key does
1513: This Python script splits the input string on ":" and then returns only fourth word of it, effectively removing all unnecessary information from each record in your
1514: This function returns the closing HTML tags.  It takes an input of 'tag' and outputs it in its corresponding opening or self closure form, depending
1515: This Python function calculates the power of two by taking logarithm and then dividing it. The result is returned as an integer value with precision up
1516: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1517: This function returns the severity level of an event based on its relative levels, with different return values depending upon whether it's either increasing in value
1518: This function takes an integer as input and returns the rounded result of that number divided by zero point seven nine onwards to two decimal places using Python'
1519: If the key 'info' doesnt exist, return an empty string. Otherwise get version from info and then fetch releases of that particular verison using
1520: This Python script replaces certain characters in the given string and then converts it to an integer value, which is returned as output of function 'get
1521: If the second input is zero, return NaN; otherwise calculate and returns first number divided by its two numbers's value in Python scripting language
1522: Copies the values from one dictionary to another and returns it as an entirely different object with same keys but updated correspondingly – ie., creates
1523: This Python function checks the type of 'object' passed to it. If its string then returns that object as output else when time in minutes less than
1524: If no file name or conversion, return empty string. Otherwise construct the result with optional prefixes and suffix as per given conditions in function call."
1525: This Python function attempts to convert memory size in bytes into gigabytes. If the input is not valid, it returns an empty string instead of cr
1526: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output by multiplying input data with 9.7e+3, then rounds it
1527: This Python function calculates the ratio of each value to all values combined and returns it as dictionary where keys are original items from input dict 'data'
1528: This line of Python script replaces underscores in the variable 'name' with hyphens, and returns it as output which is then stored back
1529: This function checks if the 'needle' is present as an item within list/hayStack. If it finds, returns true; otherwise false
1530: This line of the Python script checks if two strings are equal, but in uppercase letters only and ignores case differences between them by using .lower
1531: This function returns the maximum and minimum of two tuples, which are assumed to be defined as pairs. The first element in each pair is considered
1532: This Python function is an example of recursion. It uses the concept that any given number 'n' can be expressed as summation over positive integers
1533: This Python function checks if two sequences are permutations of each other, with the same length but possibly different orderings or elements within them; it also
1534: This function checks if the string contains any digit in it using regular expression and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, else returning false as there
1535: This function reads the header of an FASTA file and returns it after stripping leading/trailing characters, replacing '<' with '', removing
1536: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same number but padded with zeros to make its length equal. The padding is done using Python
1537: This line of Python script returns the result as per given condition. It multiplies each element 'p' by scalar value s and then stores it into
1538: This Python function splits the input string into separate "words" using underscores as separators; then it capitalizes only first word of each
1539: This Python script counts the number of characters that are different between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both string sequences and increments count
1540: This Python script calculates and returns an approximation to x^(1/3)/exp(-absolute_value_(of)_arguement_)
1541: This Python script initializes the parameters of an AI model with some defaults and then merges them into one dictionary using '{...}' syntax in python
1542: This Python function calculates the expected value of an agent's reward given its actions and other factors. The result is based on two different strategies,
1543: This Python script creates and returns the parsed annotation data as per given format 'x10' where x is any integer value between 3 to n
1544: This line of the Python program is calculating how many times one needs to add or subtract from an input number 'bytes' in order it remains div
1545: This Python function reverses the binary representation of an input string. It uses dictionary mapping to achieve that, where each ‘one’ character is replaced
1546: This Python function takes as input an RNA string, and returns the reverse complement of that. It does so by iterating over each character from right
1547: This Python function returns the result of an operation based on whether or not 'number' is even. If it’s divisible by two, then
1548: This Python function multiplies the input value by two, then divides it with an expression that is calculated as half of subtract one from power five
1549: If 'a' is less than the value of variable "b", then assigns its current values to variables, and swaps them.  This
1550: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list depending on context and usage scenario respectively
1551: This Python function adds two vectors of the same size, raising an error if they do not have matching sizes and returning their sum as another vector with identical
1552: This function checks whether the input 'origin' matches one of two conditions. If it does not match any condition then returns None or an empty string depending
1553: This Python script prints the image and its type. It then returns an integer, which is not used in any part of that function but serves as documentation
1554: This line of the given Python script checks whether all keys from 'paradict' are present as well. If yes, it returns True; otherwise
1555: This function calculates the percentage of an inputted value. It takes two parameters, 'value' and '%', then returns that summation result as
1556: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1557: This Python script calculates the average watch time of an object. It sums up all times and divides by number events to get averages per minute
1558: This function takes in the string of BARCODES and returns only those that are valid as per their length, formatting or content within them using
1559: This Python script concatenates two lists with zeros and pads the shorter list to match its length. The sum of corresponding elements from both arrays is then
1560: This line of the function returns maximum between num and pop size divided by ten. The result is rounded to nearest integer using built in Python method "round
1561: This function takes in two parameters, an array of numbers and the number to be matched. It then returns all possible combinations that can add up with these
1562: This function checks the first letter of each string in an input list, then returns true or false based on whether it matches with its last character. If
1563: This function checks whether the product of factor and index is divisible by 'base' with remainder equal to ‘value’. If it does,
1564: This line of the given Python script is creating an absolute path to data files. The 'name' variable will be appended at end, and it
1565: A dictionary containing the given parameters.  Duration is in seconds; Voltages and Beat times are integers or floating point numbers depending on context
1566: This function is used to recursively create dictionaries from the given list of keys and values in Python language using pop method which removes an element at specified
1567: A dictionary is created with the given parameters. The keys are set to 'None'. Keys and groups lists in an empty list while children remains as
1568: If the length of list 'L' is 3, return first element. Else returns zeroes repeated as many times are needed to reach desired
1569: This Python script creates JSON object with the given parameters. If any of them is missing it raises an error message stating that they can't not have
1570: If the length of background params is 1 or more, it returns 'Fixed'. Else when its three return's knee. Otherwise raises an
1571: This Python function calculates the number of prime numbers less than or equal to 'num' and returns that count. It uses Eratosthenes
1572: Check whether two matrices A and B are of equal size. If not, raise an error with message "Matricies need to be identical in order
1573: This Python function counts the occurrences of elements from one list within another using dictionary mapping technique to return only those common items between two lists as output
1574: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three variables. The first two are multiplied by four, then added together and finally combined with
1575: This Python function returns the URL to show an item with given UUID in Things app on iOS using uuid as parameter, encoded by url encoding and append
1576: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1577: This line of Python function returns the floor value after taking kth root operation on x using 'math' library in python programming language, where "^
1578: This Python function calculates the difference between two sums of squares. The first one is calculated by multiplying an arithmetic series with their respective lengths,
1579: If the 'location' variable isn’t set, it returns ‘“ us - east– one”. Otherwise return what was in that value
1580: This function takes an array of options and returns them as one string, separated by spaces. If no option is provided it will just join with the default
1581: This function returns the coordinates of an orbital element based on its symbol. The symbols are as follows - s = Sphere; px/ py /
1582: This line of Python script merges two dictionaries into one. It uses the double star operator to unpack values from each dictionary and then combines them using
1583: This Python function generates an alphabetical string of length N by randomly selecting characters from the ASCII table based on their corresponding values with some conditions and
1584: This Python function checks whether the input 'Board' variable has been correctly defined as an instance and that it contains only instances where each element within its
1585: This line of the Python script is concatenating two strings together. The first string, 'wiki_dump_url', represents an URL and should end
1586: This function takes an input string, removes all spaces and special characters except double quotes from the given text; otherwise it returns empty strings or original unal
1587: Creates an object with the key "coords" and assigns it to value of 'position' – one line python script.
1588: This function raises an error when given any number less than zero. It returns the result of multiplying by '1' in case it is equal to
1589: A dictionary comprehension that converts all keys of the input dict to lowercase and stores them as new values with their original case preserved using Python'
1590: This Python function calculates the average of an input list. If it'll return 1 if all elements are equal, then returns that element itself
1591: This Python function calculates the number of elements in an aggregate and their average. It also computes variance using sample standard deviation formula which is more efficient
1592: This Python script attempts to download and upload files using the RUCIO client libraries, which are used by various services in CERN like GridF
1593: This Python function returns the name of an inputted 'SubReddi't.  It takes in one parameter, "s" which is expected
1594: If the absolute value of x is less than or equal to 'a', it assigns −147, else returns zero as per given
1595: Convert start time to total minute format. Code splits the string by ':' and converts each part into an Int31 type using `parse
1596: This script checks if each element of the first inputted array is present as an entry within another given set. If it's found, continue to
1597: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not and returns true only when it'll be considered as an "empty" one by our
1598: This line of the given Python script is setting an integer value to 'validation steps' and returning it as dictionary. The key "ValSteps",
1599: If the input integer is greater than 3.1 billion, it returns an empty string as per requirement of problem statement and terminates execution immediately without
1600: This Python function checks three conditions and returns an array of 3 elements. The first element depends on the value in 'None' check; second one
1601: This line of the script is creating an array called 'crossing' that contains all points from list ‘coords’ which are also present within
1602: If the given 'identifier' matches one of three patterns return those values. Otherwise just returns original value as it is in Python programming language and also handles
1603: Sorts the events by arrival time in ascending order using lambda function as key to sort() method of list data type Python programming language –
1604: This Python function checks whether the input 'Observation' parameter exists and it also verifies that its type matches with expected types. If either of these
1605: This Python function calculates the length of an input list X and creates another one with zeros, then returns it as 'return' statement in python
1606: This Python script attempts to access an attribute of the given object using dot notation and returns its value if it exists; otherwise defaults are returned when exceptions occur
1607: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and modulus operations until it finds that 'a'
1608: Checks if the value is within range. If it's in bounds return true else false  Code length = 30 characters or less without considering
1609: This Python function takes as input an uncompressed text and returns the same compressed version. The compression is done by replacing all commas with spaces,
1610: This Python function generates an array of "plus" signs based on the input grades and corresponding to each respective class/level, if that student's
1611: If the input number is even, return it. Otherwise (-1), indicating an error or invalid operation in your program.."   }]}]}
1612: If the CIGAR op is more significant bitwise shift and AND with mask of three to get rid off some low order 'bits'. This function
1613: If either of the numbers is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise - continues with calculation.   [...]    else {...}     }`
1614: This function calculates the fourth power of subtraction. The result is then multiplied by itself three times and added one, which results in an equation
1615: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in string 's' to lowercase and checks if it starts with "ldap",
1616: Code is returning the name passed to it.  It's doing something with that input and then outputting some result, possibly including $variableName
1617: This Python script is used to create dictionaries from the given data. The dictionary contains information about each unique "group" of stations and their associated details
1618: This Python function checks whether the input value 'None' or an empty string, and returns either that same non-"N//A"/"-Na".
1619: This Python script converts the input 'Table' to string and checks if it contains an instance of character $. If true, then appends suffix
1620: This Python function calculates the Mean Absolute Error of two lists 'p' and their length is compared. If one or both list are empty
1621: This function converts the input string to lowercase, replaces some specific characters with other ones and returns it in an appropriate formatting way ("h
1622: This line of the script reads an ID from two parts separated by spaces, then splits it into three sections using rsperation as delim
1623: This Python script uses the CircleCI API to fetch information about specific GitHub projects and returns its URL as output, which is then stored in '
1624: This line of the script splits an AWS Resource Name into its component parts. The result is stored in 'name' variable which contains ARN components
1625: If the 'File Description/Name of File.txt'-input parameter exists in sys arguments then print it and return zero else do nothing or exit program
1626: This function checks if there are three consecutive numbers that form an increasing sequence. If so it returns true; otherwise false is returned." I'
1627: This function implements the method of bounding in the context. The input is an integer 'method' and two floats ('weight', '-eps')
1628: This function checks the number of clics on an element. If it's more than  zero then sets some values and returns them as list else
1629: A function that returns the result string based on whether it is an even, odd or equal number.  It also includes some additional functionality to handle negative
1630: This function takes in an arbitrary number of arguments and joins them into one string. It then prints the command that was executed with those args, followed by
1631: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'elits' list. The keys of these dictionaries are taken as second
1632: Returns 'test stub' and an empty list. – Code is not doing anything but returning two static strings to be used in the future as place
1633: This Python script checks if the input list contains either 'hisp' and /或 ‘blk’, which are common terms used to describe
1634: This Python script processes the log data by removing tokens that contain digits and replacing them with '*'.  It uses an enumeration to keep track
1635: This Python script splits the given string into separate items based on semicolon (;). It then removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each
1636: This Python script checks whether the given string starts with 'module:/' and, in case it does start so do some operations on its content to generate
1637: This Python function takes three keys as input and returns the value at these specific indices in an array of lists. If there's no such index or
1638: This line of the given Python script is creating an online link to Twitcher's profile using their username as input parameter 'streamer_nam'.
1639: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into list elements using regular expression and then converts second element to integer type, returning
1640: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximate percentage value representing how many pages in each section were visited. The result is then multi
1641: This Python script uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find prime numbers upto n and then it generates possible combinations using those primes
1642: This function takes the time difference in seconds and returns it as hours minutes & second. It uses Python's builtin 'divide by', which
1643: This function returns the first 'N' columns of an input list. If N isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts match with any column in
1644: This Python script converts the list of strings to lowercase using map function and returns it as string with no spaces between characters, if there are any
1645: This function takes an input filename, returns the output file name by appending "/" and then basenaming of that path to it in Python
1646: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return as it isn’t valid. Otherwise convert to integer and then returns that number back from
1647: This is the definition of Fibo function. It calculates and returns an element in sequence based on its position, starting from zero indexing with
1648: This Python script splits each string on whitespace and converts the resulting fields to integers, returning them as an array of ints using list comprehens
1649: If the current rotation is within one full circle, return half of that value; otherwise subtract twice its equivalent in radians from it and then neg
1650: This Python function checks the value of ```hyper``` and sets it to either '--' or '-'. If an invalid argument is passed, then
1651: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
1652: This function takes in two strings, splits them into individual characters and then joins the resulting list of chars back together with no spaces between each character
1653: This Python script includes the fields specified by an HTTP GET parameter named 'included' into its local variable, which is then used to filter data from
1654: This Python script creates an object that can handle different types of visualization options and their respective values in the form dictionary format with default settings provided by it
1655: This Python function checks the first number, 'n', and adds or subtracts an amount specified by variable "m". If it is less than
1656: This function calculates the total pressure of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()', which returns their sums,
1657: This Python script is used to create and manage the structure of data types within an application's database schema using SQLite3 library or any other similar
1658: If the two lists are not of equal lengths, raises an error; otherwise it performs bitwise AND operation on corresponding elements from both arrays and appends
1659: This Python script splits the input string on comma and converts them to floats before returning as list of two elements – one from each split
1660: A JSON object with description and list. The 'descriptions' is the string that describes what our dataset contains, while tsList represents an array
1661: This line of the function returns 'get' method from loan object with key as extension count and default value is set to zero. If it doesn’
1662: This Python function checks whether the input object 'object' belongs to class "list". If it does then returns that same as an output. Otherwise return
1663: Creates and returns an exact copy of the list 'A'.  This is done by slicing in Python. The syntax "B=[...
1664: This function splits the input string into namespace prefix and value based on colon character or checks whether it's none of these two cases; otherwise returns
1665: This Python script splits the given string into its last part, checks if it's equal to 'board', and then returns either "/path/
1666: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
1667: This Python script returns the list of objects from 'olist' where an attribute with name as given by "fieldnam" and value equal to
1668: This Python function takes an input list, and returns dictionaries with the first six elements of that array. The rest are ignored as they're not
1669: This function joins the given path and file name into one string using 'os' module in Python to get an absolute Synchronous version of key paths on
1670: This script creates three empty lists. It then iterates over each item of the 'card' list, adding it to one or more specific "s
1671: This line of Python script returns the third element from each tuple in 'sorted' list. The tuples are ordered by their second elements and
1672: This Python script calculates the position of an object in 6D space given its coordinates and direction. The calculation is based on three equations with six
1673: This function takes two parameters, 'low' and "high", which are the lower bound of an interval. It also accepts one parameter named as percent
1674: This function performs left rotation of the input value by specified number 'shift' bits. The result is returned in an unsigned integer format, with all possible
1675: This python function calculates the waste factor based on given parameters and returns it as result, which is then used in another calculation or displayed to user/
1676: This Python function copies the list of language names and swaps their first two elements to rearrange them as per requirement or order specified by user input
1677: This function splits the input string into an array of hostnames using comma as separator, returning that list in Python language with one line solution provided
1678: This Python function converts the case of each character to upper or lower based on whether it is an Uppercase letter, and returns all capitalized letters
1679: This Python function returns the second part of version string after splitting it by ".", which is equivalent to extracting major and minor versions from semantic verion
1680: This python script calculates the maximum number of models that can be created from given parameters. It multiplies all values within each parameter list and returns it
1681: This function calculates the stress and strain in an elastic material, based on their product which is essentially how much of each component's contribution to total
1682: This Python function takes as input an array of binary digits, and returns the decimal equivalent. The first line checks whether or not there are any elements
1683: This Python function checks if the file extensions of two files are either equal, and returns True only when they're not both jpg/png images
1684: Code is setting up two pointers to traverse through the lists of operations. If row ids match in both list then it checks if there
1685: This Python function calculates the checksum of an input string. The check is done by multiplying each digit with its weight and then adding them up
1686: This line of the given python script is defining four variables with names 'arg_x1', ‘’(blank), and so on. The
1687: If the median rent is greater than €, it returns that value. Otherwise return 'missing data'.   [1 point]Solution
1688: This Python script replaces all newline characters (\r\t, \v and "\f" with HTML line break tags. It then returns the
1689: Checks if the given key and value exist in an array of lines. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false or nil respectively depending on
1690: This Python function compares two numbers and returns the larger one in string format. If they are equal it will return an empty result "" or ''.
1691: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1692: This line of Python script returns the list with unique synonymous in alphabetical order.  It uses set to remove duplicates and then sorts it
1693: This function raises an error when the 'empty' string is found in either of two variables. The variable names are concatenated with "_".  If
1694: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
1695: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1696: This function takes three arguments and returns the product of each argument with their respective constants. The result is returned in tuple format as per requirement specified by problem
1697: This function checks if any of the three columns are not all zero. If so, it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that there's
1698: This line of Python script calculates the number 'nm' by dividing ‘wavelength’ with power operator. The result is then returned as
1699: This Python script generates an ASCII representation of the given matrix, where zeros are represented as spaces and nonzero elements with four times their value repeated
1700: This function calculates the total of all numbers present within an input list, with each number being calculated from two different suffixes. The result is then
1701: This Python script is used to extract the paths from an object of type 'errors' and store them as list elements within another variable named "fieldList
1702: This function checks whether the given input ends with '.text'. If it does, returns that same text; otherwise appends .tex to make sure there
1703: This function calculates the hashing value of an input string. It uses ASCII values to calculate and returns modulo table size as result, which
1704: If the input "Module name" isn't of type string then return an empty String. – Code checks whether module names are strings or no
1705: This function attempts to convert the input zip string into an integer. If successful, it checks if length of converted number is 5; otherwise returns false
1706: If the argument 'None' or an empty string, return it as such. Otherwise replace '%', which usually indicates formatting in Python strings with its
1707: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'x' and it returns its square root, which in turn gives us another
1708: This Python function checks whether the input string ends with '.'; If it does, replaces all occurrences of that character in its place and returns
1709: This line of Python script creates an array from the 'datalist' variable. The list comprehension is creating new elements by iterating over each
1710: This line of Python script is calculating the reciprocal and adding one to each side, resulting in an output that's equivalent with dividing by
1711: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the 'data' list of lists and adds each key from these sublists to our new
1712: If the task is completed, it returns –100. Otherwise return nothing or an error message depending on your implementation of 'done' variable
1713: This function looks through the dictionary of journals and returns whether an issue number is present or not along with its URI if it's there; otherwise
1714: This Python function creates and returns an empty dict with the same structure as input but excludes certain items from it based on another set of conditions specified by
1715: This function checks the architecture of an operating system. If it's 'x86', returns true and false respectively; otherwise return both values as
1716: This function checks if the input value is one of those four strings. If it's true, on or 1/yess then returns True
1717: This Python function returns the details of one specific Course object. The returned data is in JSON format and includes its primary key, name , semester &
1718: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string or None and returns it back to user in one line as per requirement; If no argument
1719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1720: Try to get the base URL of skin from dictionary. If it doesn't exist, return an empty string instead – Code snippet that
1721: This function converts an IPvX address to its integer representation. It uses the builtin 'parse' and ‘replace’ functions in Python with
1722: This Python function calculates the slope of two points in 3D space. The given four values are used to calculate and return one value - '
1723: This Python script calculates the next two numbers in an iterative sequence using three variables. The first number is calculated by adding together its predecessor and
1724: This function checks if the response from an API call is successful. If not it returns empty string else its resultant value will be returned by calling '
1725: If the source string `None` then return nothing. Else check first character of input and convert accordingly based on its type ie., it'
1726: Returns the first character of string "stack trace" and its corresponding error message.  In Python, it's common to use exceptions as an alternative
1727: This line of the Python script is using regular expressions to remove any noise from strings that are not alphanumeric or contain only one letter and numbers
1728: This Python function calculates the sensitivity of an attribute in terms per unit change. The formula is derived from mathematical theory and it's based on some
1729: This Python function removes all occurrences of the value 'x' from list, and then returns length/size or count remaining after removing elements with
1730: This function checks if the feature 'to_find' is present within any of features. If it finds, returns true; otherwise false or None depending
1731: This Python function takes two lists of equal length and returns their dot product. The first list is multiplied by the second's corresponding element in parallel
1732: This function calculates the Fibonaci sequence using recursion. It's similar to calculating fib on paper but implemented in python instead of plain
1733: If the number 'n' is 1, return an array with one element of value "1". This function will always output exactly as it receives
1734: This function is used to filter the list of backup objects based on tags key/value pair, returning only those that match given criteria" --
1735: If there is only one contour returned by the function then it returns that single value. Otherwise an error message will be displayed saying "Error - More
1736: This Python script calculates the first positive integer that can be found within an array of length 'k' and is located at position number ‘m
1737: This Python function checks if the string starts with one or more tabs (\n). If it does, then returns True; otherwise return false and counts how
1738: This function adds three strings together. It takes in two parameters, 'w1' and ‘acc’ which are the first word to be added
1739: This Python script opens the file at '{0}', writes to it using template data and then returns its path.  The function is used in
1740: This Python script takes command line arguments to set parameters. The options are -I/ --Input and the corresponding argument is an input file name or directory
1741: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1742: This Python function calculates the growth of an approximation based on its number parameters and returns it as list with each element being calculated by raising 'number parameter
1743: If the input 'rank' feature has no valid rank then return none. Else raise an error message stating that "features should not have negative values
1744: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns halfway between two values in an array, 'cv'. The first value is taken from index
1745: This function calculates the number of ones in binary representation. It takes two numbers m and ‘n’ as input, converts them to their
1746: This Python script attempts to find the Internal IP address of an object. It iterates over all addresses found within 'node info' and checks if they
1747: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'a’ and/or `‘g
1748: This Python script calculates the accuracy of predictions made by an algorithm on data that is not within 9% range from actual values, ie.,
1749: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1750: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1751: This script is used to create an IP dictionary from the list of Google Cloud instances. The keys are instance names and values represent their corresponding NAT public
1752: This Python script returns all the email addresses that start with "/new/" from an input list of strings, which is assumed to be named 'emails
1753: This Python function generates an emoji string from the input text, where each character is replaced by its corresponding Unicode Emojis starting with "
1754: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with entries from the given 'data' object based on certain conditions specified by user inputted parameters such
1755: This line of the script tries to get 'local' path from an object named "target". If it fails, then instead returns `None` and
1756: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space, given their coordinates and an assumed constant 'slope'. The result is then
1757: This Python function converts frequency in Hz to power spectrum density at the given mel scale using formula derived from physics and engineering literature, specifically it calculates
1758: This script initializes the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates to positive infinity. It then iterates over each point in points list of tuples
1759: This Python function writes the given `str` to an opened text/csv or any other type of files specified by its "Path". If there'
1760: This function checks the dimension of an input tensor and returns true if it's in form [Batch x Height/Width] else false. If
1761: Iterates over the list of rules, checking if each one matches with an existing entry. If it does not exist then adds to that new set;
1762: This piece of Python script checks if the given digit is available within its respective column/rows or any three cells around it. If all conditions are met
1763: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
1764: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1765: This line of the given Python script calculates an index based on some formula. The variables 'ix' is calculated as per its description in comments and
1766: This Python script conversts the given year, month and day into string format.  The output is in 'yyyymmdd' form
1767: This Python function splits an input string into two parts based on the first word and converts second part to integer if it is present else raises error
1768: This function returns the number ten times when input is one. If not, it simply multiplies by two and then divides resultant value with original
1769: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of each line and adds elements to it if they are within bounds defined by header
1770: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1771: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters x, y and z with additional parameter t which is not used in calculation but included
1772: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
1773: This Python script uses the PANDOC command to convert markdown files into HTML using Lua filters and input file as arguments, returning an array of
1774: If the lengths of feature names and values are unequal, it raises an error.  This is to ensure that all elements in both lists have been
1775: Checks if the conditions of 'less than or equal to' are met in both directions.  If so, returns True; otherwise False."""
1776: This Python function splits the input string into three separate floats by splitting on spaces and then mapping each split part to float using builtin python functions
1777: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the value of temperature in farenheight from
1778: This Python function compares two filenames and returns true or false based on whether they are equal in content; otherwise it prints an error message to
1779: This function returns the number of features in geoJSON.  It's used to determine how many polygons or other shapes are represented by data
1780: This Python script is used to extract the version of Bazel from an input string. The function checks each character if it's digit or '
1781: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1782: If the value is equal to zero point one, return "one". Otherwise just keep returning original number as it's not in our condition set and
1783: If the input 'Y' object has one dimension array with more than 3 elements return True; else false otherwise."   [Replace "Abstract Array
1784: This function cleanses the input data by recursively cleaning up nested lists and dictionary keys containing specific keywords or patterns like 'password'. It replaces these
1785: This Python script parses the input file and returns pairs of values. The output is then stored as 'parsed' list which can be used further
1786: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns TP rate. It takes two values from an array 'mx' which is assumed to be
1787: Returns the distribution parameters of variable 'var' in dataset.  If no such parameter exists, it returns None; if there are multiple variables with same
1788: This function calculates the energy output of an electrical motor in watthours per kilowatt hour, given its power consumption rate as input parameter '
1789: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the string with maximum length. If there are multiple such longest ones, it will return one at
1790: This python program calculates the value of 'sum' and its square. The formula used is given in problem statement, where it multiplies each term
1791: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and returns the value associated with that argument from within another dictionary. If no such association exists or if any input
1792: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n'. It's an example in Python. The formula used is "(sum
1793: This line of the program calculates and returns an output value based on some input values, which is multiplied by another constant number called "CTM
1794: This function takes an integer state and returns the maximum number of rows it can fit into with ‘max columns’. The result is returned as two
1795: This Python function takes in an array of parameters and returns the temperature as integer value. It also handles exceptions if any parameter is not valid or cannot be
1796: This function filters the 'matches' based on whether or not they have any of these dimensions specified. If so it returns those that do; otherwise
1797: If the 'field' object has no associated data and it isn’t marked as NULLable then return True else Return false otherwise – Code:
1798: This line of the function checks if there is at least one "running" or active run associated with each Task. If so, it returns True;
1799: This function returns the inputted text repeated four more than its length, with each line indented by 'times' number of spaces in front and back
1800: This Python script reverses the order of elements in list 'a' and then flips all “zero” characters to become ones, while keeping
1801: This Python function splits the given URL into two parts and then further divides them to get only 'Buckets' from it which is used
1802: If the list is empty, return zero; otherwise calculate and returns average of elements in xs."
1803: This Python script attempts to extract the title of each track from an inputted 'data' object, if it exists; otherwise prints out "no songs
1804: This Python script converts the dictionary 'headers' into another format where each key and value are converted to string before being stored as output['key']
1805: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting one value from another, dividing it with
1806: This function calculates the ratio of mass to volume, which is commonly used in physics. The formula given here uses length and density as inputs but it
1807: This Python script reads the contents of .uFa repository files and returns them if they exist in given directory path else it will return an empty string
1808: This script reads images and their corresponding targets from the batch of data generated by an iterator function that yields batches with samples containing image tensor `x
1809: If the input text 'txt' isn’t provided, return an empty string; otherwise convert all characters in ‘text to lower case'. This
1810: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an element in three dimensions using its unique ID. The formula is simple and efficient, but it's important
1811: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is equal to one less than its square root, rounded down using floor function from
1812: Increments 'p' by one if the current section is part of certain chapters. If it isn’t then incrememnts another variable "
1813: A python dictionary is created with the nodes as keys and their corresponding subids are assigned to them. The function returns that mapping which can be used later
1814: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into two parts based on the space character and assigns one part to 'order' variable which
1815: This program defines constants to represent the number of bytes, kilobytes and megabyte in human readable format. It then prints these
1816: This Python function calculates the length of string `n` by iterating over each character in given input. It ignores spaces at beginning or end
1817: This Python function generates the output shape of an operation. It takes as input two parameters 'padding' and "strides", which are used to calculate
1818: This Python function splits the input string into segments based on periods ('..'). If there is only one segment, it returns that as an output;
1819: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input integer. The operation is performed in groups of four bits, and then combines these results into one final
1820: This function checks if the coordinates are within bounds. It does so by checking that both 'x' and "y" variables lie in between zero to
1821: This script calculates the survivorship function and its fit using EKM method with survival data from Python's Surveys package of Sci
1822: "Returns an output label based on given Context Type" (END OF SUMMARY)."""  ```python`def get_outputLabel():
1823: This function checks the type of variable 'var' to determine what kind it should return based on its properties or default value; otherwise returns zero as fall
1824: This Python function compares two dictionaries, "a", and another dictionary called 'b', based on the value of their key named file first event
1825: This Python function checks whether the input data `mdat` has any missing values. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true after checking
1826: This is the formula used to calculate profit margin. It'll be useful in calculating future profits based on current prices and market trends, which can help
1827: This Python function checks the values of two variables and returns whichever is not less than zero. If both are negative, it will return one value
1828: This Python function checks if the two given inputs are equal. If not, it sets 'True' to "fail" and prints out where in its
1829: This Python function takes in the string format of "SEASONxPERIOD" and returns two integers corresponding to these values separated by an unders
1830: Returns true if the node's selector is empty. If not, it returns false; otherwise -> True – The function checks whether or no
1831: A dictionary is created to map the position of each unique object. The function takes an iterable and returns another one that maps every element from it into
1832: Generates list of task dictionaries from the "storage" dictionary and assigns them to 'task' variable with one line python script using comprehension
1833: This Python function increments the 'years' variable by 3 and decreases or increases its value in relation to months. If it is January then sets
1834: This function adds the first value to an integer obtained from second string. The result is then returned as output of that particular method call in Python programming language
1835: This function calculates the slope of line segment defined by two points. The formula is derived from standard geometry and algebra, but it's very simple
1836: This Python function is designed to handle properties of different types. It checks if certain keys are present within the input dictionary 'prop', then assigns them
1837: This Python function checks whether the input 'x' can be an integer or not. If it’s of type ‘int', then return that
1838: If 'a' isn’t defined, return the value of ‘b'. Otherwise it returns whatever was in ```return```. This function
1839: This function calculates the distance between two points and returns that value. It takes four parameters representing coordinates of rectangle's top left corner in pixels as
1840: This Python script retrieves the minimum and maximum sizes of an Auto Scaled Group from AWS's JSON response. The expected output is two numbers representing
1841: If the string is empty, it returns 'zero'. Else checks whether an exponential value has been given and sets `Zero` to either ‘
1842: This Python function calculates the real and imaginary parts of z^3/|Z|^(4+sqrt{n}) where Z is complex number
1843: This is the mathematical expression of an equation. The variables are represented by 'x', and their values can be any real number, but they must satisfy
1844: If the last character of URL is /, return it as It already ends with slash. Else append "/" at end and then returns updated
1845: This function returns the URL of BC's Government Digital Regulatory Authority schema file (.json).  It is used to fetch and parse JSON data
1846: This function takes three arguments, each of which is an 0 to FF range value and returns the result as one number. The values are shifted
1847: If the name of virtual router is 'Master', it returns default, else its original value.  This function converts all names to lowercase and
1848: This Python script generates two lists based on the input parameters. The first list is generated by dividing each item id with 'MAX ITEM ID
1849: This function returns the input string enclosed in double quotes. It's used to wrap text around HTML tags, which is necessary when using JavaScript with
1850: This line of the program assigns two variables to each other. The first variable is assigned from one end value in 'point' and second comes directly
1851: If the input "var_name", which could either refer to variable name or column in database table. Then it checks whether its length/length of
1852: This function takes an RGB color as input and returns the same colors but divided by two, effectively reducing their brightness to half of its original value within each
1853: This Python function takes an angle in degrees and converts it to the range of [-π, +π]. If negative value is given then convert into
1854: This function checks if the given string is present as either 't' or ‘measures’ and returns two boolean values indicating whether they are found
1855: This function checks if there are instances of None and Missing values within the list. If so it returns True; otherwise False – indicating that no
1856: This function returns True if the input number 'n' is odd, False otherwise. It checks whether there exists an integer that when divided by two leaves
1857: A recursive function that flattens an iterable object by calling itself on its elements if they are also Iterables and appending them to the
1858: If the object is not null, returns true. Else it will be false by default in any programming language that supports conditional statements like 'if'
1859: If the path of an HTML document, return True if it's not just .htm/.HTML and is longer than four characters; otherwise returns
1860: This Python script finds the first occurrence of null character in given input and returns substring up to that point if found, else it simply return original un
1861: This is an example of Python function that takes in 3 strings and returns the first string minus last character, if it exists. If not then concaten
1862: If the string 'return_value' exists, return it. Else check whether there are language strings within that dictionary; then try to get their
1863: This Python script is used to generate the recommended farmland list based on user's recommendation and returns it as JSON format with each item having '
1864: This function checks whether the input 'is of type's negative number. If it does then returns True else False – based on Python programming language
1865: This function converts the input to an integer or floating point number. If it's not possible in either case then returns as string else return same
1866: This Python function converts time in secs to hrs/mins. If input isn't valid it raises error message "Input should only
1867: This function returns the fontSize variable. It is used to set and return values of type int, float or string in Python programming language using builtin
1868: This line of Python script returns the substring from index 0 to -index inclusively. It's equivalent with slicing operation but without
1869: This function returns the maximum of three numbers. It first finds out which number is smaller than 'a', then it compares that with both other two
1870: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values, which are then used to calculate another value. The first is distance between y coordinates in
1871: This function is used to add spaces at the end of string 's' so that its length becomes equal or greater than given number. ...
1872: This line of Python function calculates the value to be returned by an expression. The result is calculated as per given conditions and then it's subt
1873: This line of the given Python function checks if an input is equal to 3. The number 'action' and its square plus one are compared,
1874: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys from the input dict that end as specified by 'filtering' key tag, then returns resulting
1875: If the 'sizelessonameeNone, it returns an icon with specified name. Else return as "IconNameFaSize".
1876: If the "shift left middle value is zero", return its own shift count. Else, compare and find out which one has more shifts or both
1877: If the 'key' variable exists in dictionary and its value isn’t empty string then return it. Else append to path with '.', followed
1878: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 3.46, which is halfway between 'a' &amp;lt;/
1879: This function checks whether the input 'number', which should have been an integer. If it isn’t and thus can only take values from 1
1880: This Python function checks whether two names start with each other, ignoring case and checking the order of characters in both strings is important to determine their similarity
1881: This function performs linear interpolation. It takes four parameters, x is the point to evaluate at; 'a', and ‘' are constants that
1882: This Python function reverses the input sequence and then converts it to DNA using substitution cipher method, but replaces all 'n' with
1883: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an output string. The input to it, num which should be integer or float type value will
1884: This line of Python script calculates the power consumption in Watts based on dBM value, where p is given as input parameter and it returns its
1885: This python script converts degrees to radians and calculates the hours, minutes or seconds from an angle in degree format using Python's math module
1886: If the 'enriched' value is less than one, it sets its equivalent to be equal or greater by setting an initial condition of "if
1887: This Python script takes an input 'Region' and determines the zone boundaries based on its length. If it is of size seven then all coordinates are taken
1888: This Python function converts the given time in hours into minutes. It does so by first dividing it with an integer division of '//' operator
1889: This line of the given Python script creates an empty dictionary `d_out`. Then it iterates over each key and value pair from input dict
1890: Returns the class with id 'classts' from dictionary.  If no such ID exists, it returns None or an error message depending on
1891: This Python function converts the input field to hours. If it's not possible, then returns zero instead of crashing or throwing an error message
1892: This Python function swaps the first two elements of any list. If 'first' is less than second then it returns them in reverse order else they
1893: This line of the program checks whether 'val' is less than zero. If it does, then negates and subtracts one from both sides
1894: This line of the given Python script checks if an integer is odd or even. The result will be printed to console using print() function in python programming
1895: This Python function copies the default payload and adds an action of 'member added' to it, then returns that modified version as output from your program or
1896: This Python script reads the 'settings' dictionary and generates an output string with each value of key `“Cohort area files”`. Each
1897: This function checks if the string starts with "Location:" and/or “site number” in Python language using startwith() method of python strings
1898: This Python function calculates the total of all digits from left to right and then takes modulo with number '11'. The result is obtained
1899: Reads lines from the file and stores them in an array/list named 'lines'.  This is done using Python' builtin function readL
1900: This Python function rearranges the coordinates of an object in 90 degrees clockwise, if necessary and returns them as new list/tuple
1901: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1902: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1903: This function converts an ASCII character to its corresponding number in the alphabet. If it's not part of lowercase or upper case,
1904: If the total length is more thatn an eighty character limit then raise error with message about exceeding maximum allowed size; otherwise return concatenated string
1905: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'users' object and adds each nonempty display name to that array if it exists
1906: This Python function calculates the value of 'm' based on given parameters and conditions, which is then returned as output from that particular call to it
1907: This Python function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It converts it to string and then reverses that, compares with
1908: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1909: This is the formula used to calculate an investment's present value. It takes into account both future cash flows and interest rates, which are parameters of
1910: This Python function calculates two different types of averages. The first average is the arithmetic mean and second one includes square terms to account more complex
1911: This Python function is used to convert an integer into its binary representation. If the value of 'msb' and/or "lsb" are
1912: This script is used to find the unique labels present within all samples of data and count their frequency using Python' builtin list, dictionary or set methods
1913: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the elements of each subarray within lists and appends them to 'Points List'. The
1914: This function checks whether the given string starts with '-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----' followed by any number of newline characters, ends in
1915: This Python function calculates the value of dValue at point 'h' using linear interpolation with constant coefficients, given two points and their corresponding values
1916: This function returns the number of observed and emitted neutrinos in one observation. The background width is also returned along with total intensity temperature TINT
1917: Checking Value Of Rf And Return It If Not Off Or Input Is String Convert To UpperCase Else Returns One AsRFIsOffInList
1918: This Python script is used to extract the IDs and their corresponding start/stop indices from an input dictionary of data where each value represents different types or
1919: This script generates the string of comments from an array. It loops through each issue and adds it to another variable, which is then returned as output."
1920: Checks if the query starts with slash and not an emtpy string. If both conditions are true it returns True else False  [END
1921: This script reads CSV data and returns it as list of lists, where each sublist is one row from the file/data source – using
1922: This Python function calculates the number of second in one day. It first converts hours to minutes, then from those minute conversions into days and
1923: This line of the program calculates an approximation to square root using Babylonian method. The result is stored in variable 'sqrt_approx'.
1924: This function calculates the number of steps needed to reach an optimal hopping point in two dimensions. The goal is always at position [len(grid
1925: Return dictionary with file metadata.  File's 'nothing', and the other fields are placeholders until actual data is provided by user or system function
1926: This line checks whether the given 'number' is divisible by either 1,3 and/or both. If it does then return True else
1927: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first parameter is 'gamma', which multiplies all other inputs, and it
1928: This function takes two inputs, checks if the first is greater than or less then second. If it's true that one of them are equal to
1929: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'partitions' and adds each unique element to it if not already present or
1930: This script counts the number of proteins found within given features. It uses two lists, one with all possible unique蛋白质 names and another list containing some
1931: This Python function masks the last four bytes of an integer with zeroes. The number to be shifted is specified by shift and it defaults as one
1932: This Python function checks the status of 'dead' or missing pieces in your program. It returns an appropriate message based on these conditions, which are defined
1933: "Wakes up in duration of {0} seconds".format(sleep.get_total())}  # Code to get the total time slept
1934: This Python script creates an empty array and populates it with values from the 'entry' dictionary based on certain conditions specified by its logic within loops through
1935: This Python function finds the index of 'if' statement in each string and returns that value, else it simply removes all characters after first occurrence if found
1936: This function takes an integer and the number of bits to shift it. It then returns that value with shifted left or right based on whether 0 is
1937: This Python function checks if the input x can be converted to boolean. If it cannot, then tries converting its value into zero and checking whether that'
1938: This Python function converts an IP address from hexadecimal to binary. The input is expected in the form of string and it returns its equivalent
1939: This Python function normalizes the input x to be between  [min, maximum] range. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum and dividing
1940: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1941: This line of the function returns an index that is calculated by multiplying 'i' and ‘n_clas’, then adding to it
1942: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
1943: This line of Python function returns the cube value. It takes an input 'x' and calculates its cubic power using exponentiation operator "^
1944: This function is used to adjust the coordinates of an upper level rectangle. It checks if any side has less than five units from its previous value; then
1945: This Python function checks whether the input 'keyword' can be either of type dictionary or lists and returns all keys in that case otherwise it will return an
1946: This Python function converts RGB values from one color to another. It takes the current and target colors as input parameters; it then calculates how much
1947: This function calculates the total number of frames in an animation. It takes into account group size, frame count per skip and time between skips as
1948: This function checks if the current Layer is 'layer B'. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or exception message depending on
1949: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays and then combines them into one output
1950: This Python function returns the URL to an image of sky map with given coordinates and scale factor in SkyServer's DR7 format using specified width &
1951: This Python script checks whether the given filename exists and is actually an actual regular text document using 'os' module to check path existence then opens it in
1952: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1953: This function calculates the weighted average of two values. The weight is determined by an input parameter 'alpha'. It uses linear interpolation to calculate between
1954: This function checks if the inputted strings start with or end in double quote ('") characters, then returns everything between these two types of quotation marks
1955: This function takes an object with property name and returns the same string but in title case formatting where special characters are removed from names except spaces which is
1956: This Python script creates an empty list, then checks which of two strings is smaller or larger and adds the shorter one to another until they are equal length
1957: This Python script generates the list of all file names in your project directory, excluding certain special directories and specific types like READMEs or setup configuration
1958: This function returns the smallest number between val and either of two other numbers. It ensures that both values are within their respective limits by using max() to
1959: This Python function checks whether the given argument `isTrue` can return true when evaluated as Boolean value and returns it accordingly; otherwise raises an error message
1960: This function replaces certain special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser, which can lead in security issues
1961: This function checks whether the IF ID is different from Current Name. If it's not, then return True; otherwise returns false or 'False'.
1962: Two rectangular areas are compared. If they overlap or not at all -> Returns True/False based on the comparison result in boolean form – true
1963: This Python function returns the first "nco" numbers in an array. The range of these is from 0 to `n` and they are
1964: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one bit per million. The result is then used to determine how many times it needs repeated in
1965: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. It multiplies corresponding elements from both list and adds them up, resulting an output which is
1966: This function takes two arguments - 'f' and an array of three elements. It returns the first element divided by "f", second one is div
1967: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of two rectangles. The input is an array with four elements representing each rectangle's position in
1968: This function converts the given input to an integer. The base is set as 'two' in Python which means it will convert from decimal system into
1969: This Python script checks whether the input string matches with regular expression pattern "\.\w*" and replaces all commas in numbers to dots only when it
1970: This function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers. It takes as input actual and predictions list which are assumed to be same length
1971: This Python function checks whether the string 'NAME' is contained within another word, and modifies it accordingly using either lowercase or title case based on
1972: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns ‘x’, which is one more than 'l' plus. The resultant value
1973: Finds the specified interface' information from its name. – Code snippet to find an item by key/value pair, which is used
1974: This function checks the length of an input string and returns true or false based on that. If it's 3 digits long, then return
1975: This line of Python script returns the values from column ‘df’ where they are present only once. The lambda function is used to filter out
1976: Removes duplicates from the given input.  The function returns new sorted, unique elements in an array/List as output of Python program using set
1977: This Python script creates an empty "unique" list, then iterates over the given 'progammeres' input and adds each unique element
1978: This Python function returns the URL to access Google Compute Engine instances in an specific project and zone based on configuration parameters provided by user through 'experiment
1979: If the string ends with 'x', remove it. Otherwise, leave as is and just cut off at length of suffix if any present in original str
1980: This Python function returns the coordinates of two points in 3D space. The first point is at x, and its z coordinate equals to h -
1981: If the list of distances is empty, return 'None'. Otherwise calculate and returns its maximum distance as apoapseas. The minimum value in that
1982: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists. The input should be of equal length and return their difference square by element wise subt
1983: This function checks if the given point is within an integer range. If it's in that specific time period then return true else false or vice vers
1984: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
1985: This function is an infinite loop that keeps checking the `stop` id and its parent station until it finds one with no parents. It then returns said
1986: This Python script creates an array of the first elements from each sublist within 'hand' and then checks if all values are unique. If they aren
1987: This function generates the correlation statistics. It takes in three parameters - long name attribute from dataset1 to be compared with another one's attributes; '
1988: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
1989: This Python function checks if two lists have equal lengths. If they do, it returns True; otherwise raises an error with message "Lengths of x
1990: This line of the given Python script is simply splitting an ISBN number into its constituent parts and joining them back together with no spaces in between, effectively
1991: This Python script writes the keys and values of an object to output text files using 'with' statement which automatically closes after use or if there is
1992: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
1993: This function takes three 9x9 matrices and returns their transpose. The first two elements of each input are swapped to get the second pair
1994: This function wraps an angle in degrees into [−π, +π] range. It adds or subtractes ±180 to
1995: Record object with caption, domains and authors. Anchestrs are not included as they aren't relevant here – the function is returning an
1996: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with keys as unique values from original dict but their corresponding value is also list of all elements that
1997: This Python script filters out the unique names of packages and projects from two lists, then sorts them in alphabetical order before returning their combined result as
1998: ", "")  # Remove the 'summary:' prefix from each line of text in file, and remove any trailing whitespace or newline characters
1999: This script checks if the current system has any of these command line tools installed. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that
2000: This line of the function checks if 'base' is divisible by given number, i.e., it returns True when true and False otherwise based
2001: This Python function checks if an option is active or inative and returns the status as boolean value, otherwise it will return 'None'.  The "
2002: This Python function calculates the average of absolute differences between predicted and actual edge states across all edges present within 'StateEdgessPredict' dictionary
2003: This function converts the input string to lower case, strips leading and trailing whitespace if it exists; then checks whether or not that converted name
2004: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns it with its extension replaced by '.REE' + 'extracT'.  It is
2005: This Python script initializes and populates the 'Config' object with some values if it is empty; otherwise，it updates existing keys/values within
2006: This function checks whether the input string is empty or not, and returns true only when it's either an entirely new line ("\" + "\r
2007: This Python function returns the first value of an item from dictionary keys that match 'key'. If no such items exist it will return "None". The
2008: This Python script counts the number of opening and closing parentheses. It keeps track on paths where it encounters more than one pair, but only
2009: This Python script converts the input dictionary into another format. The keys of 'input_dict' are converted to uppercase and then mapped with their
2010: This Python function compares two strings character bycharacter and returns the number of differences. It uses zero as default value, then increments it each time
2011: This line of Python script attempts to convert the input text into an integer. If successful, it assigns that value as 'None' and continues with
2012: This Python function calculates the average of an iterable object. It increments 'Albums' count and adds up all Ratings while also
2013: This function checks whether the current time is between two hours. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or zero depending on conditions met
2014: This function converts the first character of each word to uppercase and leaves all other characters in lower case. It is used as part anonymization
2015: This line of the function merges 'database' with another dictionary. The key "user" is added to both dictionaries and their values are merged
2016: If the input is 'region' equals to us_go, then return aws. Else check whether it matches any of these two regions and
2017: This function returns the path to common coding variants file in Google Storage bucket, which is used by SeqR's validation tools and workflow scripts that
2018: This line of Python script creates the filepath string using formatting. The variables uf and other are formatted to create an appropriate structure in each part
2019: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2020: This Python function takes as input an string, splits it into two parts using the "-" character to get "min", then converts these strings
2021: This Python script checks the input polynomial and raises an error when it receives negative coefficients or zero degree polynomials, otherwise returns empty array of variables to use with
2022: This function returns the type of operation that is being performed. It can be one out four options - cpu, mem , block or trace –
2023: This Python function takes an input sequence, and returns the reverse transcribed DNA strand. The mapping from nucleotides to their complements is stored
2024: Returns the HTTP status codes. 1xx Informational - Request received and continuing process  3XX Redirection   4xxx Client Error      Response Code
2025: Return whether the 'product' object has an element with key of type and value equal to executable, if it does then returns True else False
2026: This function takes in the URL and returns an empty string if no matches are found or else it will return matched part of that pattern " Q".
2027: This Python function checks whether the input is negative, and returns an error message in that case; otherwise it calculates square root of given value 'x
2028: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2029: This Python function takes as input an ordered list of elements and returns the corresponding values from another dictionary, using brute force to find matches up until it
2030: This function returns the input 'num' with leading spaces and trailing zeros. The total space is 3 characters less than original num size plus
2031: This Python script reads an image metadata and returns the experiment parameters. If there's no such data available it will return empty dictionaries as per requirement
2032: This Python function takes as input an array of policies and returns three lists - one with the names/operations per each individual operation within these polices
2033: This line of the given Python script is changing from one case to another based on its input value, which seems like it's doing some kinda
2034: This Python function converts an input hexadecimal string to ADC value. The conversion is done by first extracting the two most significant bytes from
2035: This Python function checks whether the 'message' object contains both an attribute named “knowngeography”, which is presumably meant to be another
2036: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2037: This Python function takes in the list of names and returns them joined by commas as one string, e..g ["John", “Jane
2038: This function calculates the time it takes to complete one lap of an athlete's training session, given their current average running pace and total distance
2039: This Python function splits the string at "(", then takes second part of split and removes leading/trailing whitespace from it using strip().
2040: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2041: This python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with reaction equations as keys. The values are the corresponding rates of reactions or fluxes that
2042: This Python script splits the given path into its constituent segments and then converts each segment to lower case. The result is joined back together with
2043: If the given 'file' object does nothing, return false; otherwise check whether or nor it has been closed before returning true/false based on its
2044: This Python script is used to extract specific data from the given list of dictionaries using their keys as indices in python lists and return them separately with respective
2045: This script sets the language of different types in an input file based on command line arguments or default values if not provided by user, such as "video
2046: A dictionary that stores the user's name in two variables.  The keys are 'First Name', and value is stored as variable `profile`
2047: This Python script calculates the maximum sequence length among all pairs of sequences. The function takes an iterable object as input and returns its longest element'
2048: If the input string lengths are not equal, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both inputs have been correctly defined and contain equivalent data in
2049: This Python function calculates the positive and negative outcomes of an event based on its probability in relation to another. It also takes into account other factors such
2050: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns it in an appropriate formatting string with [Redact].  The redaction is done
2051: This function takes three parameters, red green and blu. It returns the color in hexadecimal format with bit shifting operations applied to them as
2052: This function generates all possible image pairings from the input vector 'vec' with an optional sliding or rolling/cycling effect of size specified by
2053: This line of Python script checks the remainder when 'year' is divided by two. If it equals to one, then return current value; otherwise subt
2054: This line of Python script calculates the value based on given parameters and returns it as output, which is 9% less than original calculation but with
2055: If the variable 'thread' isn’t defined then it will return '-1'. Otherwise check whether its value can only by an instance of string with
2056: "AWS Credentials Provider Code Generator". (END SUMMARY).'   '))), file=syslog, flush
2057: This Python script converts an integer to binary representation, taking into account the sign of number and filling up with zeros until it reaches length at least
2058: If the root of 'n' is 1, then it returns its own result. This means that in some cases where we have an input number
2059: These two variables are used to mask the image. The first variable is binary and represents all pixels in an 8x8 grid, while second one
2060: This Python function converts an alphabetical column string to its corresponding number. The conversion is done by iterating over the characters of input from right
2061: If the 'timeout' parameter isn’t provided in request parameters or it equals to null then return default value of maximum time. Otherwise use that as
2062: This function checks if the length of an assembly is within acceptable range based on estimated size, returning true or false accordingly; otherwise it returns None/False
2063: This line of the given Python script is adding two strings together. The first string comes from "destination information", which in turn contains keys 'Be
2064: This Python function takes an input string and returns the extension of that filename as well parent names in list format from right to left order ie., it
2065: This line of the Python function returns an output by multiplying hours worked with factor compensation and dividing it to get million dollars. The result is then
2066: This function takes in the 'cubiod' dictionary and returns another dict with keys as mode of operation. The values are tuples representing min
2067: This line of the script is splitting '.', which separates filename and extension, then returns last element in list ie., 'file_extension'.
2068: This Python function is used to create the structure of data that will be returned by an API. It takes two parameters - 'tagged parts' and
2069: If there is only one Endpoint, return it. Otherwise raise an error indicating no appropriate ending point was not provided by the user or system could find
2070: This function checks if the given parameter can be considered as string or byte.  It returns True when it's either of these two types and False
2071: This function returns the RSA public key and its ID as an object. The keys are stored in JSON format with their respective values being another array containing
2072: This Python dictionary is used to map file extensions with their corresponding time in seconds. The keys are the extension names and values represent how long it takes from
2073: This function converts an integer into its corresponding hexadecimal string representation. If the input is ‘packed’, it returns empty String
2074: This program uses the PyTorch library to train an LSTM model on MNIST dataset. The training process involves feeding data into our network,
2075: This Python script creates an array of the names used to track changes on objects. It then attempts deletion from that list, if it fails due missing
2076: This function returns the character '*' if it is found at any position of list `l`. If not, then no characters are returned and
2077: This Python script calculates the value of each item after applying discounts. The calculation is done by multiplying current price with previous order quantity, then adding
2078: This function returns the number of pixels in an image. The value returned is calculated by multiplying three numbers, which are input parameters to it - '
2079: If the variable 's', which may be null, it replaces single quotes with double ones in Python string manipulation function `str` –
2080: Code generates an error page with the message 'Resource Not Found' and status of HTTP response as `{ __typename : Error, path { id },
2081: This Python function calculates the bin number to use based on an input value. It takes into account both possible values of 'lower' and ‘
2082: If the dictionary 'dic' does not exist, return "None".  This line checks to see whether or no there exists an existing dictionay
2083: This Python function takes an integer input of seconds and returns the equivalent time in hours/minutes format. The result is returned as two separate integers representing
2084: This Python program takes two command line arguments, the GitHub username/login name & its corresponding encrypted Password. It then checks if these inputs are
2085: This Python function splits the input string by "-" and returns three dictionaries with values extracted from it, where each dictionary represents an attribute of one
2086: This Python script calculates the XOR of all elements present within an array. The result is returned as output which will be 1 if there'
2087: This Python function takes as input an array of digits representing the CAPTCHA image. It then calculates two new arrays - one with all
2088: This function returns “incorrect” if the input is less than five, "correct" between three to six times higher or more when it
2089: "Checks whether the given integer 'N' can be expressed as powers only when it has exactly one bit set."	"""return bool(bin
2090: Returns the number as text. If not in range of [o..i], throws an error with message 'only numbers from o to i' where
2091: This Python function converts the first three characters of each string to lowercase, and returns an abbreviation based on these initials if they are valid
2092: This is an implementation of the Sieve algorithm, which finds all primes up to 'n'. The while loop iterates over each integer from one
2093: This is an implementation of the "Fibonacci" sequence using Python. The F(i,j), where '0 <=' and
2094: This Python function is used to create the dictionary 'data' with two keys, one of which has nested dictionaries. The second key contains another set
2095: If both base and custom mode are 1, then the function returns 'true'. Otherwise it will always be in error state.   [END]
2096: This line of Python script joins all the elements in list v with comma as separator and returns it back to caller function/script, if there
2097: This function attempts to strip the input string, split it into parts by comma and convert first part of resultant list/string back in floating point number
2098: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'org' items where each value is transformed into its key by using another function as
2099: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
2100: This function converts the input string to its equivalent boolean value. If it'll be either 'True', ‘False’ or both, then
2101: This function calculates the squared Euclidean distance between two points. It takes as input x and y, where each is an ndarray of
2102: This Python function takes two arguments, 'Name' and prefix'. If the length of Prefix is 1 then it will remove all characters from Name
2103: This function checks if the input is 'quit' in either case. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False – Code snip
2104: If the value of 'piece' is either '-1', return zero. Else, check whether it equals one; in that case output "one
2105: A dictionary with boolean rule, condition and range.  The 'value' is the data to be checked against in each of these conditions; it can
2106: This script is used to generate recommendations based on the recommendation algorithm of an ecommerce platform and returns them as JSON format with their corresponding ids –
2107: If the 'auth_hash' key exists, it is removed from dictionary object of User model – copied and returned as resultant output to function
2108: Generates a 3D surface plot with the specified range and resolution. The x, y coordinates are generated from z = f(x), where
2109: This function removes leading and trailing whitespace or punctuation from the inputted strings. It does not handle multiple consecutive spaces, commas/col
2110: A dictionary is created with keys 'sourc', and values are assigned to them. The last two elements of the list, source & validcod
2111: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'shape' except its first and last element.  The result is returned as an array with
2112: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on two variables, 'a' and 'b'. The formula is as follows -> return
2113: If the absolute value of normalized set point is greater than 1, then it returns 'center'. Otherwise do nothing and continue with next iteration or operation
2114: This Python script reads the file and counts its lines. It then checks if that count is less than or equal to 1k before returning True/
2115: This Python function replaces ':','/': with the corresponding characters and splits on '.'; it also handles multiple dots; if there is any dot
2116: This line of the Python function returns energy consumption in kilowatts per hour, which is converted to megawatt hours by multiplying it
2117: This line of the Python script is trying to define an array with two elements. The first element will be 'gzipped bytes', and second one,
2118: This Python script generates an adjacency list representation of the Wikipedia linked pages. The input is two lists - one with all page titles and another containing
2119: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two numbers. The result is then stored in 'output'.  It's an example to illustrate
2120: This function takes as input the string "text", and returns its initial word. If there is no space between two different capitalized letters, it will
2121: A dictionary is created with the keys as column names and values are corresponding to each cell in that particular record. The data type of these cells can be
2122: This Python script calculates the percentages of each language's line count relative to all languages combined and returns them as dictionary values with their respective keys
2123: This Python function checks whether the input string is either 'True' or ‘False’. If it isn, then returns that value; otherwise return
2124: If the agreement between two sets of data is perfect, return 'perfect'. Else it returns one outof 3 categories based on how much they
2125: This function calculates the cross product of three points in 4D space. The result is returned as tuple with each element being one component from x
2126: This Python function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. It uses recursion and shifts right operation, which is equivalent with
2127: This function takes an integer as input and returns the average of all numbers up to that number. It does so by multiplying each subsequent natural numeral
2128: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci pair of an integer. If 'N' is zero it returns [F_(i), i
2129: This function returns the URL of Slash Commands API endpoint in string format with subdomains as parameters, e..g "http(S):
2130: This Python function takes in two parameters, an integer 'len' representing the length of string to be returned. The first parameter is not used but it
2131: This Python function copies the values from one dictionary to another and adds them up based on keys which are common between two dictionaries."      Code
2132: This Python script splits the input string into components based on spaces, checks if second component starts with an apostrophe followed by three letters and equals
2133: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse an input string and extracts information from it, specifically looking at whether or no "if __name__ ==
2134: If the value of 'p' is zero, it sets "stochastically" to false in an existing dictionary.  The function then returns that
2135: This function appends the CIDR violating rules to an array and returns it as output of one line python script – Code is about adding
2136: This function checks if the given position is within or on top of an object's rectangle.  The parameters are 'pos', which should be in
2137: This function checks if the length of name is 0, less than equal to two. If it's either one character long and not at all
2138: This function calculates the area of an ellipse given its semi major axis and minor axes.  The formula used is A = pi*
2139: This Python function calculates the "Angle" between two given times in hours and minutes format using trigonometric functions to calculate an absolute difference with
2140: This function takes two lists as input and returns the first 'min' elements of both. If one list is shorter than another it will return all its
2141: This function checks the end of string 'fftlen'. If it ends with "km" or any other combination, then convert to integer by removing
2142: Checks whether the given 'keys' exist within provided dictionary. If they do then it checks that each key has an appropriate type according to its value
2143: This Python script calculates the sum of all odd numbers in an array. It uses bitwise operations to perform calculations efficiently and quickly, with no extra
2144: This line of the Python script returns an element from list 'cand' that is closest to elements in another array/list named ref. The function
2145: This function calculates the new position of an object in 4D space. The percentage is used to determine how far along on each axis we are
2146: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
2147: This function returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of an object in 4D space. The returned values are calculated based on input parameters 'obj' which
2148: Counts the number of responses from each type. This includes noreps=no response; unkown/unknown reponses with no selection
2149: This Python function checks whether the input type matches either 'int' or ‘str’ and converts it to floating point number in case of string
2150: This function returns True if the given object is either within 0.3 of ZTF, has PS1 nearby but no Stellar in its path
2151: This Python function calculates the total value of an investment based on its share in stock and how much it earns from dividends. It also takes
2152: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with font sizes based on the maximum dimension in an image or video file using get() method of python'dictionary
2153: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2154: This Python function calculates the total length of all elements present within an input list. The variable 'hand' is expected to be passed as argument and
2155: This script checks the name of an object to determine whether it should be considered as part or not in some context, based on its class's names
2156: This Python function compares two consecutive elements of the input list and counts how many times they are larger. If there aren't at least three numbers
2157: This Python script checks the first character of each string, and returns false only when it encounters certain keywords or empty strings within multiline text input
2158: Initializes the variable 'gene length' to  zero. If input parameter type of "GenLenParam" string then checks and processes it as
2159: This line of the Python script calculates and stores in 'left' variable, which is minimum value between 368.79% or
2160: This Python function joins the parameters of an HTTP request into one string. The sorted() method is used to sort them alphabetically by parameter name and
2161: Checks the 'result' dictionary to see whether it contains an entry with key of ‘intents’. If so, extracts that value
2162: This line of the Python script checks which latency value to return based on an input string. It uses conditional statements and returns specific strings when certain conditions are
2163: This function calculates the absolute difference between two values in an unit cell. If any of these differences is less than or equal to tolerance times 'target
2164: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with the current working directory and its subdirectories' names as strings using 'os'.
2165: This Python function replaces certain special characters in the string with their corresponding HTML entities, which is useful when dealing directly within an XML document or other text
2166: This Python function converts the first character of an input string to lowercase, and then assigns it as its length. If "M" is
2167: This function calculates the difference between two numbers and then divides it by their minimum value. The result is returned as an output of that specific operation
2168: This function calculates the total cost of an item, taking into account its initial price and how many times it is repeated in order to get more than
2169: This line of the given Python script is returning an empty string. The function takes in one argument, str_, and returns its second character from index
2170: This line of the Python function checks if request type is an HTTP GET or not. It does so by checking whether its binary representation starts with '1
2171: This program calculates and compares two different types or materials' densities, with respect to their respective properties - soils vs rocks using given values from
2172: This Python function takes in the file path of an executable python script and returns its name without extension. If it's not .PY, then just
2173: This function returns the product of two vectors in Python. The first vector is multiplied by 'multiplier' and then returned as tuple with both
2174: This function returns the minimum and maximum number of points in point list.  It uses builtin functions min() &amp;max(). These are part
2175: This function reverses the input and collects all characters in it, then joins them together to form an output. The result is compared with its reverse
2176: This Python function reverses the order of elements within an input list. It uses builtin python functions like len() and indexing to achieve its goal
2177: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2178: A dictionary is created to map the months of year with their corresponding number in Python using get method and returns value from that key if it exists else return
2179: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of subtracting one from first argument 'x' divided by two in second arguement. The third
2180: This Python function generates ranges based on the given 'chunk size'. The range is defined as an array of three elements where each element represents one dimension
2181: This function returns the string concatenation of label and '_on\_devicenotusedirectlty' – it is used to create unique
2182: This function takes two parameters, 'title' and ‘detail’. It returns the string formatted as HTML <Details> <Summay> …..
2183: This Python function generates an output string from the input sequence list. Each element of seq is prefixed with its index and name provided as argument to
2184: If the number of cycles is greater than 9, return it as $#number. Else just print out its value in plain text format with
2185: If the length of datesting is not 8, return none. Otherwise continue with processing...   [END] Code Summary"--->
2186: This Python function calculates the tFID score, which is used to measure how relevant each token in our text corpus has been. It takes
2187: This Python function takes as input two lists of tuples, and returns the sorted list with all distinct features from both sets combined into one single line
2188: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the difference between each key's value from two dictionaries old & newest based on their keys only
2189: If the timezone seconds are positive, then it's 'plus', otherwise '-'. The absolute value of TZ Second is used to calculate.
2190: This Python script splits the string into two parts using hyphen and converts them to integers before returning as tuples of values in python language
2191: This function returns True if the given string starts with an underscore, False otherwise in Python programming language using builtin startwith() method of str class
2192: This line of the function calculates and returns twice f(y), where 'g' is some constant, but not defined in your question. The
2193: This Python function converts the input to its numeric equivalent, if possible. If not it returns as is ie., leaves original value unchanged in
2194: This function calculates the sum of two parameters. The first parameter is added to an average value and then another one from input data 'param'.
2195: This line of the given Python script returns only those peak intensities that are greater than 0, ie., positive m/Z values from an
2196: This Python function checks if the length of `timestamps` is less than 8, and pads it with zeros to make its value equal
2197: This line of Python returns the value 'True' if x is greater than zero, otherwise it will be False. It uses bitwise operators to perform
2198: This Python script generates three lists based on the differences between two dictionary objects, ie., keys present only within one of them or are common to both
2199: This Python script checks whether the file exists and is not empty by reading its content into memory first before checking it's size or contents to see that
2200: “Translates the given string into Pig Latin, an English language game where we move first letter of each word and add "ay"
2201: This Python function removes duplicate entries from the list of tuples based on their second element using an approach similar to merging sort and partition process but
2202: This Python script creates an algorithm to find the shortest paths from one node in graph using Dijkstra's Algorithm and then reverses that
2203: This line of Python script returns the result from zipping two lists together. The 'zip' function is used to combine elements in each index into t
2204: A dictionary that maps numbers to colors. The keys are the number, and values represent their corresponding colored output in console or text file as per requirement of
2205: This function returns the bucket, version id and key of an S3 object.  It's used to generate unique identifiers in AWS SDK
2206: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two dictionaries of ratings, where each dictionary represents one user's profile and values are numerical
2207: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'data' list. The keys of these entries are entityIds, which
2208: "Implemented derivative calculations in Python" 		  	}""")### Code Summary ###Python Implementation of Partial Derivatives
2209: This Python function takes as input parameters, and returns an empty dictionary with the same keys but no values if they end on "[" or "[". The
2210: This Python function returns the same result as its input, but it uses an anonymous lambda to filter out non string values from dictionary. It also enumer
2211: This function checks if the number is prime by checking whether it's only factors are 1 and itself. If so, then returns True; otherwise
2212: This line of the script is setting two variables to be equal. The first variable holds one document id and its corresponding spans while second has another pair
2213: This script iterates over the keys of 'models' dictionary and compares each value with current maximum score to find out which one is highest among all
2214: If the given 'TagName' is present within any of tags, return its value. Else returns "None".  This function will be used
2215: This Python function checks whether an integer 'N' can be written as the sum of two odd numbers. If it cannot then returns false otherwise true;
2216: If the variable 'q', which is expected to hold string value, equals with “yes” then it will print out that quotes are being added
2217: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as '
2218: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2219: This function takes in one string, checks whether it're empty or the first character is alphabetic. If either condition holds true then return
2220: This function calculates the nth FIBONACCI number using memoziation. It's an efficient way to calculate large numbers in fib
2221: This line of Python function calculates the value 'D_A' by dividing an input parameter, "d" and another one called redshift.
2222: This program calculates the maximum and minimum dimensions of an object given its surface Area. It uses Euclid's formula to calculate if it is
2223: If the host is “localhost”, return it as localhost; otherwise just keep original value of 'server' variable in Python scripting language using
2224: This script reverses the order of each character within 'patterns' list. The result is stored back into "newPattern" variable which contains all
2225: This Python script takes three strings, concatenates them and then multiplies the resultant string with another two. The final output is returned as one line
2226: This Python script is used to find the earliest year from multiple configurations. If more than once configuration has different years of starting with an exception will be raised
2227: Creates an empty list named 'mod_insns' to store the module instances.  This is done by initializing it with no arguments and
2228: This function checks if the file name ends with ".py" AND starts as "backend_" in Python files – it's used to filter
2229: This Python script calculates the sum of all scores from an input tuple, where each element is another dictionary with 'word' and its corresponding score'.
2230: This line of Python script creates an n x n 3D list/grid. Each element is initially empty, but will be filled with the values
2231: This function returns spaces of length equal to the product between its input and four. The number is multiplied by itself twice, which gives us an approximate
2232: This script will strip the emails from an input list and returns them as output without any duplicates or empty strings left over after processing all of these em
2233: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It's not efficient, but it demonstrates how to implement such function
2234: If the coordinates are provided, return them as string. Otherwise check other conditions to determine which ones they belong too; otherwise raise an error message "Error
2235: Generates JSON data from the list of builds. Each item is wrapped with "{...}" and each key/value pair within an object enclosed
2236: This Python script converts special characters into their corresponding escape sequences. It does so by iterating over the input string and writing to an output buffer based
2237: This function returns the average of two given numbers in Python by subtracting half from each number and then multiplying them together to get their sum divided again
2238: This script resizes the file system of an inputted blockdevice. The resize operation is performed by using 'df' and then reapplying it
2239: This function returns the string format of profile file names. The parameters are used to create unique filenames based on source type and other variables like '
2240: This Python function splits an IPv4 address into 3 parts and adds leading zeros if necessary until it has eight elements, then joins them back
2241: This function adds the points earned from each level to their respective score. It also keeps track of how many levels have been completed and updates that count as
2242: This function converts numbers to string format with leading zeros. If the number is less than 4 digits, it adds zeroes at front
2243: This Python function checks if the sum of digits in 'number' is equal to given value. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
2244: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2245: This Python script calculates the value of an equation based on given conditions and returns it as 'result'. The values are multiplied by some constants to
2246: This is the acceleration due to gravity, expressed in m/s^2 on Earth' s surface at sea level and assuming all other factors are constant
2247: This script splits the input text into an array of strings using commas as delimiters. It then iterates over each string and checks if
2248: If the sequence length of two strings are not equal then it prints "Sequence Lengths Unequal" and returns “”. Otherwise count
2249: This function returns two lists based on the input parameters. If 'both' is true then it will return list of m and d values else only one
2250: This script checks the presence of certain keys ("maxConsecutiveFails", “IntervalSec”, and 'TimeoutS') within provided dictionary
2251: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, and returns the summation result. The operation is done by shifting bits to left then adding each
2252: This function is used to get the stack trace of an object with its unique identifier in Python 3+ using `StackTrace` and exception handling mechanism
2253: This Python script creates an empty dictionary `cfg` and populates it with values from the given configuration dictionaries using conditional statements to handle different types of
2254: This function checks the error and level of solutions. If there is an issue, it returns 'problem' with appropriate message else return either success or failure
2255: If the input JSON object type to function ```is instance``` of 'list', it will replace all dictionary items with their corresponding parameter name from another
2256: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict and populates it with data from the 'dict' object. The keys are paths, values being gathered
2257: This Python function returns the last two elements of an input list. If there is only one element in shape it will return that as both values and when
2258: This Python function takes an input string and checks whether it contains the character "-". If yes then split that part of sign into two parts - callsign
2259: This function takes in string and returns the same input but with all newline characters removed. It does so by splitting on each line of text using `
2260: This Python function checks if the first element of two lists A &B are equal. It then verifies that every subsequent pair is less than or equals
2261: This function returns True if the input number is greater than 25, False otherwise. The condition "tws" refers to an unknown variable or
2262: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2263: If the point is not in any of four quadrants, return false. Otherwise it's either on one quadrant and its distance from origin will
2264: This function checks whether the given filename ends with ".xlsx", and, If it doesn’t end on .xlsx then appends
2265: This Python script checks whether the given string starts with either /, ~ , and returns it back in different formats based on certain conditions; otherwise return original
2266: This function takes in three parameters - two lists and an integer. It returns the first element of each list as is; however it also scales both elements
2267: This Python function checks if the file extension of an image is one among Jpeg, jpg or heic and returns true only when it's
2268: This is an example of appending the number '2' to list "L" and then returning zero from function, which means that it has successfully
2269: This function normalizes the input range [a; b] to new normalized output domain [-1.0..+inf]. The normalization is done in
2270: This script calculates the absolute values of three variables, takes modulo by six to keep them within [0..1] range and then checks if
2271: This function returns the number of days in each month. The range is from -9,847 to +~+  = ^(c
2272: This function checks whether the number is greater than half of its divisor. If it's true, returns that value; otherwise -1 or whatever
2273: This script is used to find the maximum number of dimensions and labels within each type. It then stores these values as variables, which are later printed out
2274: This Python function takes in an element dictionary and returns the values of certain keys from that dict. The elements are sorted by their "II" value which
2275: If the input list is empty, it raises an error because there's no way to map any given word into its corresponding ID from our preloaded
2276: This function returns the network details of an existing project.  The parameters are 'f' and "{projec t id}". It is used
2277: This function returns the value of 't' in one line, with an additional check to ensure that it is not negative and will default back at zero
2278: A function that returns the status and data in JSON format. (END SUMMARY).   [Hint - Use Python's json module
2279: A function that creates and returns an empty dictionary with two keys "profile" &amp;quot;&#34;" to store the repository name as
2280: This Python script finds the extension of an input file name and returns only its base part, if it has one; otherwise return full path to original location
2281: This function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its weight and speed, which is half that calculated by multiplying both values together with '*
2282: Removes data points that do NOT have the key 'ID', or any of its values are NULL, from list; also removes those with keys other
2283: This function takes two tuple inputs and returns their sum. The first element of each input is added, then the second elements are combined as well if they
2284: This Python function takes as input the list of column names and returns an output where each element is 1 if that particular feature/column name exists within
2285: If 'x' isn’t defined, return the string “none”. Otherwise just output whatever value of `‘x'' returns` .
2286: Checks if the subject and value are equal, ignoring case.  If they match in any way it returns true; otherwise false is returned by
2287: This function creates an object of the same structure as its input but with different keys and values based on whether it's given something that looks like dictionary
2288: This Python function removes all occurrences of characters from the string 'p' that are present within another list/string called `characters` and
2289: This Python function checks if the first number in an array is less than all other numbers. If it's not then raise AssertionError with custom
2290: This Python function calculates the complex conjugugte of two numbers. The result is obtained by multiplying both real and imaginary parts separately then subtracting
2291: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two values.  It uses Python's built in min() &amp;max(); functions to find these
2292: This line of the given Python script is multiplying two variables, 'old_html' and ‘raw_html’. The result will be
2293: If the foreign key was not provided, return it as none; otherwise check whether or no its nullability and then either just returning itself in case of
2294: This function converts minutes to hours and returns the result in string format. If input is greater than or equal with value of 'minutes' which
2295: This function scales the given width/height by provided factor. If input 'size' isn’t specified it will use current screen resolution as default;
2296: This Python script splits the given string into separate elements, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and returns them as list of strings
2297: This line of Python script calculates the average value between two numbers, 'b' and ‘c’ in your case it is calculated as "
2298: This python function generates the symmetric relation of given relations and returns its union with original ones if it exists otherwise return only unique elements from input list 'relations
2299: This script checks if the content type is set to 'application/json' or not by checking each of its lines and returning true when it finds one
2300: This Python function checks whether the input string 'value' equals an empty String, and returns either it as []. Otherwise return split of that particular variable
2301: If either of the variables 'a' or variable "b" is zero, it returns value as Zero. Otherwise - not defined in provided context
2302: This Python script returns the third element of each tuple that matches 'server' from an input list. It does so by splitting tuples on '.
2303: This line of the program calculates and returns an annualized change in temperature based on two months' temperatures, with some constant rate applied to it as
2304: This Python function checks the validity of input BED lines, and returns their total block size as an integer or zero on error conditions such that it can
2305: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with properties from the given lists of strings ("axis"). The property names are created by concaten
2306: This Python script creates an object that maps each label to the number of times it appears within its dataset and then calculates how many observations are associated with
2307: This Python function converts time in decimal format to degrees minutes and seconds. It takes the input as decimals representing hours or days; it then
2308: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from x to z inclusive, where each number is incremented by one. The result will be added
2309: This function returns the URL of an AnimeList account given its username on MyAniLis, in string format with "http(s)"
2310: If the learning rate is less than 'warm up steps', it starts with an initial lrate, then gradually decreases to its baseline. Otherwise just
2311: This Python function tries to find the first occurrence of 'a' in another word and then returns all characters after that point until it finds an instance where
2312: This Python script checks if the given string is valid DNAs. It raises an exception when input size exceeds limit and returns true or false based on
2313: This function scales the input value to fit within an output range. It's useful when you want your data values between 0 and n, where
2314: This function returns the items from 'dependent' that are present only once. It does so by using Python’s builtin lambda and list comprehens
2315: This Python function generates the possible moves of an agent on grid based off its current position. The result is returned as list with tuples representing new
2316: This Python script prints "Hello There {}" and then returns the string, formatted with an input variable.  The formatting is done using .{}
2317: This line of the given Python script replaces all occurrences in 'name' string that starts with ‘"src/"’ to an empty
2318: This Python function calculates the number of matching triples from two dictionaries. The first dictionary has unique key values as 'n' which represents total
2319: Initialized two variables, both set to ‘zero’. This is the initial state of our game's scoreboard in Python scripting language
2320: This function calculates the weight of an object given its force and wind speed, which is then multiplied by some constant to get final result in kg
2321: This function finds the longest string that starts with any of strings from 'sample' and returns its corresponding mapping dictionary entry as output." --->
2322: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
2323: This function returns the size of an object in pixels after being scaled down by half. The result is returned as two tuples with one element per
2324: This function checks if the input string 'is empty' and/or contains non ASCII characters. If either condition holds true, it returns True;
2325: This Python script creates an HTTP headers dictionary with the X_AUTHTOKEN, Content Type and Accept keys. The values of these are
2326: This Python script filters out the items from 'posts' that are present on any of our defined keys ('blacklisted') and returns them as new list
2327: This Python script attempts to convert each item of the list into string and then join them together with tabs between elements; if an exception occurs during conversion or
2328: This function calculates the product of an input number 'M' and its elements in list/array.  The result is returned as output from that
2329: This Python script attempts to transposes the rows of an object, but if it fails due some error then returns false and continues with other operations in case
2330: This Python function checks each number from 1 to sqrt(n), and adds the power of that particular divisor in 'k' when it
2331: This Python script is used to convert the input list of lists into an output that contains each sublist as lowercased tokens from its original chats
2332: This line of the given Python script converts an integer time in milliseconds to seconds by dividing it with another number, which is equal as
2333: This Python script checks if the string 'acc' and/or vector library is present as an argument to another function. If it finds any, then
2334: This line of Python script calculates the total number and returns it. The map function applies int() to each element in list 'lines', which conver
2335: This function converts the first character of string 'S' to uppercase and concatenates with remaining characters.  It does not change any other letter
2336: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n'. If input is negative or zero it raises an error. For other
2337: A dictionary with the key 'out' and value of {'key': ‘value’} is created. The output will be {“seligg
2338: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two lag values. The formula is 4(lagged+value)-3, where
2339: This function returns different values based on the value of 'i' in various ranges. The range is from negative infinity to positive infinite, with each step
2340: This function replaces all occurrences of spaces and hyphens in the input string with nothing. It also removes any remaining extra space characters from both
2341: If the key 'result' is found, return its value. Else check whether there exists an error field and then returns all values of that as
2342: This line of the given Python function returns RGB values in decimal form from an inputted list or tuple named 'r'gb'. The returned value
2343: This line of the script creates an array named 'ptns' that contains tuples, where each tuple represents one point. The list comprehension
2344: This function returns the name of an npm module by splitting its path and taking only part after 'package/' in it, which is usually used
2345: This Python script finds the minimum longitude from an array of 3D points. It starts by initializing ```long``` to be equal with
2346: A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output.  It is used to create labels on graphs or charts."  ```python `
2347: A function that creates and returns an object with two keys - 'yes', which has the value of true; ‘not’ ,which holds false
2348: This function checks the type of an item, and returns true only when it is not attached or its content isn't PDF. It also allows to
2349: This Python script processes the list of tuples and generates lists with source state data along side its corresponding rates to be applied on each component pairwise
2350: If the two rectangular areas overlap. 0 <= |(w intersect_h)/intersect| <= 3% of their total width or height respectively
2351: This function attempts to convert the input 'Value' into an actual number. If it can be converted, then return that as floating point; otherwise do
2352: If the string 's' does not exist, return false; otherwise convert to lowercase and check whether it contains either of two keywords ("Stack")
2353: This function returns an integer indicating whether the value of 'here' is less than or greater/equal to that in parameter "there". If they are
2354: This Python script calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. The function takes as input both of them and returns an integer that represents their
2355: This line of Python script calculates the value returned by an expression, which is then used in another calculation or displayed to users on screen using print function
2356: This Python function calculates the difference between two logarithmic sums of values from an input list 'dists'. The first and second sum are calculated using
2357: If the JavaScript variable 'j' isn’t defined, return an empty string. Otherwise format and include it in HTML script tag with proper syntax highlight
2358: A dictionary with boolean values and string as its value. The keys are the names of some settings in Python's PEP460 standard library
2359: This line of the script creates and returns an URL string that is used to access Google App Engine project with given id in appspoet com format
2360: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
2361: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'ld' which is assumed to be of type List and each element being another
2362: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'scalar' and the string variable "name". It then creates an output by concatenating three parts of
2363: This Python script creates an "indices" list of lists where each inner sublists is the summation result from adding corresponding elements at same position between
2364: If the most significant bit is equal to least, then just returns that value. Else it checks whether we have reached or passed our target number and
2365: This Python function calculates the average of each row and column from an input list. The number 'n' is equal to length or size/dim
2366: If the list of include directories is empty return an blank string. Otherwise generate and append to it with each directory name prefixed by '-include'.
2367: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
2368: This is the definition of Fibo function. It calculates and returns value at index 'i' in sequence defined by recursive formula, where
2369: This function splits the input string into an array of lowercase and underscored strings. It then joins these back together with underlines between each
2370: This function retrieves the first occurrence of an object with given 'Name' from its parent model, and returns it’s position within that hierarchy as
2371: This line of the function is extracting pixel values from an RGBA image. The color channels are being extracted and manipulated in different ways to create
2372: Creates an empty dictionary with version, host types and entry point as keys in Python 3 environment using the dict() function to create it; then
2373: This line of Python script splits the string on underscores, converts each resulting part to title case and joins them back together with spaces between
2374: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2375: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and modulus operations until it finds that two numbers are
2376: This Python function checks the length of an input string, and returns zero in case it're not exactly four characters long. If they are correct then
2377: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2378: If the input variable isn't already of type 'List', it converts that to one.  This allows us in Python programming language as we
2379: This Python function splits the input string into segments based on '.', removes and returns last segment, then joins all remaining sections back together with dots in
2380: This Python function checks whether the input string starts with either 'www.' or neither, then it raises an error message stating that only HTTP/HTT
2381: This function calculates the linear regression line using only one variable. The equation is y=slope*x+offset and returns both slopes(
2382: This Python script splits the GitHub URL into its components and returns an owner & name tuple from it in one line of pythonic syntax using list
2383: This Python function creates or increments the count of each unique vent location. It uses dictionary to store and retrieve data, where keys are points locations as
2384: This Python function calculates the factorial of an inputted integer. If 'number' is either zero OR one it returns "one". Otherwise return
2385: This Python script calculates the weighted average of an input list, where each element's value is multiplied by its position raised to power zero point
2386: This line of the given Python script returns last element from split string by '/'.  It's used to get file name in Github URL format
2387: This line of Python script copies the dictionary and then deletes any key/value pairs where value equals to `None` from it, resulting into an
2388: This function checks whether the input variable 'is an instance of Float' or not. If it does then returns true else false otherwise return null/
2389: This Python function joins all elements of the list into one string, with each element separated by '&lt;BR/gt;&#xA0
2390: This function checks if all the fields from 'required' are present and returns true or false accordingly. If any of them is missing, it will return
2391: Code is used to configure the parameters of an Amazon Elasti Cache cluster. The configuration includes settings like automatic failovers enabled or not and whether auto
2392: This Python function returns the string PYRO followed by user's inputted 'name', then @, and finally their IP address & port number
2393: A function that creates an unique pointer to grcp client reader. The response type is passed as argument and the returned object will be of gRPC Client
2394: If HTTPS isn't enabled, return none. Else check whether cert and key files are provided; otherwise it returns 'adHo
2395: This Python function reverses the order of elements within each list and checks if any element is present at an index that comes after it's current position
2396: This function replaces underscores with hyphens and converts the first character of each word to uppercase in Python's string method title().
2397: This Python script sorts the options dictionary by keys and creates an option string with format {option1}:value or :<name>=val... where each
2398: If the given time in seconds is zero it returns 'zero'. Otherwise return minimum of "maximum" and rounded value at which we can reach maximum
2399: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two vectors. It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate and store these differences within
2400: This function is used to find the module with given 'm' and return it if found, else returns none.  It uses dictionary iteration over "
2401: Copies the original 'probem' and changes one variable at indexed by given key to provided values in dictionary format – prints out which variables
2402: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'words' and replaces all occurrences of specific keyword with another one, then joins them
2403: This script checks the type of file or device based on its argument. It returns different strings depending upon what it's given as an input to function
2404: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
2405: A function that calculates the value of an expression based on x, y and z coordinates.  The values are given in terms as input parameters to
2406: This Python function generates the Quad Key of an image given its transactional coordinates and level. The Zoom parameter determines how many levels down we are
2407: This function checks if the difference between two numbers is less than their absolute value times some constant, which means that they are very close to each other within
2408: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2409: This Python function checks whether the given 'dictionary' contains an entry with specific value. If it does, returns that particular element; otherwise return "
2410: This Python function checks the type of input and returns different outputs based on its content, ie., it can handle both `None` or empty string
2411: This function checks whether the sender of an incoming request is either 'Bot' or not. If it returns true, then that means bot has sent us
2412: This Python function checks if two variables are equal. If they're not the same type or value it returns false; otherwise true and also handles exceptions
2413: This Python function converts the input string to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns
2414: This line of the given Python script checks if there are keys named "@{#text}", which is not used often, and returns True or False
2415: This line of the program calculates and returns temperature difference between room ambient air conditioner setpoint(Celsius degree), which is given by product
2416: This Python script is used to search the process list and return indices of lines that end with '>>'.  The function name found matches "find".
2417: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an integer is divisible by another. If it's true, then return that number; otherwise
2418: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. The result is returned as output. 0 <= |p| <= 9
2419: Defines the configuration object. The config is used to store and manage settings that are common across all modules in your application, such as database connection details
2420: This function checks whether the year is divisible by four hundred. If it's, then return true; otherwise check next conditions in order of priority
2421: If the first element of 'vector' is greater than or less then zero with an error rate, return one else negative ony and in all other
2422: This Python function implements the Karatasub algorithm to multiply two numbers. It is used in various applications such as cryptography and number theory where
2423: This Python function takes an input string and checks whether the first character of that “string” is equal to 'i'. If it's true
2424: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
2425: This function converts bytes to kilobyte, it multiplies the input by given number. The result is then converted back from kb into
2426: Parses the string representation of an integer into its numeric value within specified range. If not possible to convert or if outside min/max
2427: This script generates two lines of configuration text. The first line is the default pin controller, and its value depends on device_default variable in config file
2428: This Python function checks if the input string is in uppercase and matches with pattern "START AS". It returns True or False based on whether it meets
2429: This line of the script splits URL into its components using '/' as separator. The resulting array is stored in 'parts'.  Then it
2430: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns absolute difference between two numbers. The function takes in parameters 'fa' &amp;lt;&
2431: This line of the program checks if 'value' is divisible by ‘guess’. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
2432: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it's `None` or not and modifies the last digit of that number by 9
2433: Created dictionary to map colors in terminal output.  Used escape sequences (\r\n, \t etc.) and control characters like reset sequence as
2434: This Python function splits an URL into its components and returns the last part as 'Image ID' along with other endpoints generated from remaining path segments
2435: This Python function tries to return the real part of an object if it's not None or has no attribute 'complex', and returns its imaginary component
2436: This Python function checks the value of 'support' and assigns corresponding minimum/maximum values to variables `min`(m)/and maximum variable
2437: This Python script splits the string at "/" and then takes third element of resulting list, returning it as output – "s". The function
2438: If the 'membrane geometry' is either FMM or FMs, it returns 0. Otherwise return None if not found and an error
2439: This simple Python function returns true if the input is 1, and false otherwise. It's useful in conditional statements or loops to quickly check whether
2440: This line of the Python script converts each string in an iterable into its integer equivalent by splitting on ".", returning them as tuples with
2441: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2442: This line of the function calculates and returns an average value between two numbers. The first number is 'prior' which represents some previous calculation, second
2443: This Python function takes the coordinates of two rectangles and returns their combined area. The four corners are given in clockwise order as top left first then
2444: This function checks whether the given proximity is enabled or not. If it's disabled, then returns an appropriate message; otherwise return its information in string
2445: This Python script uses regular expressions to find all groups of text between "groups/" and "/", then appends these matches into the list 'name'.
2446: This Python script splits the input string by "\x9" character into separate strings using split() function with specified delimiter("\ufeff
2447: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns difference between two variables. The first variable is subtracted from second one, resulting in an output
2448: If the detector length isn't specified (-ve), it will return difference between 'LANELength and distance to TLS'. Otherwise returns minimum
2449: This function returns the value of '(2 * x)' / M, where X is an input. If "x" lies between [-(m
2450: This function takes in an array of numbers and returns the unique elements from that list. It uses recursion to solve it, by checking if there are
2451: This line of the given Python script initializes 'Previous' to 1 or zero, depending on whether it was previously initialized as `None` in
2452: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - two sides and one angle, then calcul
2453: This Python function checks whether the given object can be concatenated with another string. If it's not of type 'str', then an attempt to
2454: If the string 'link' contains either of three keywords, it returns one keyword. Otherwise -1 is returned as default value in Python language 3
2455: This Python function converts hexadecimal values to RGB. It firstly uses the builtin `int` and base 'h' in order
2456: This Python function calculates the corrected probability of positive selection using an exponential decay model. The formula is derived from biological evolution and assumes that each individual'
2457: If the input "bool_" variable does not exist, return it as such. Otherwise convert to its string representation in all case and then make everything into
2458: This line of the function returns only part or first n bits from an integer. It is used to reduce memory usage by cutting down on unnecessary data transfer
2459: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with specified keys. The values are extracted from the given list of lists 'data'.  Dictionary is created using provided
2460: This Python script cleans up the connection settings from an SQL Server database by removing trailing semicolons and splitting them into key/value pairs, then
2461: Checks if two strings are anagrams. If they're, returns true; otherwise false."""     def is_anagram():
2462: If the 'None' value of `requset.get('requesID')`, return an empty string; otherwise format and append to
2463: This Python function replaces all dots in the two input strings and then formats them into one line of JSON file name using string formatting method with place
2464: This Python function takes an absolute file system paths as input, converst them into relative ones using the '../', './','/...'/ notation while
2465: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2466: This Python function takes as input an string of comma separated numbers and returns them into integer form within the same data type using try/catch blocks to handle
2467: This Python function checks whether the input x isn’t of type 'int'. If it doesn‘ts meet that condition then raises and handles exception.
2468: This function checks the 'runtime' variable and returns an appropriate file name based on its value, or raises domain error otherwise – one line Python solution
2469: This script is designed to train an image classification network using the provided parameters. The training data and labels are resized according with 'resize' parameter value
2470: This line of Python script replaces all underscores in the 'original string' with spaces, and then returns that new modified version as an output
2471: This Python script replaces the specified markers with newlines and removes leading/trailing whitespace from text in Julia language codes, but keeps other
2472: This function converts the input string to uppercase if it matches one of certain values, otherwise returns default value and an error flag is set as '
2473: This function normalizes the low and high values of an audio signal. It divides both by 'nyq' to bring them into their natural scale
2474: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2475: If the 'ns_none.py', return an HTML meta tag with given name and value, but only when namespaces are provided; otherwise it
2476: This function checks whether the input is an even or odd integer. It does so by checking modulo of given num with two, and returns either "
2477: This Python function takes an input text and offset, then uses the mapping of characters to their positions within 'ALPHANUMERIC' as well
2478: This Python function converts time in seconds to hours minutes and second format. It takes the input 'time' which is assumed as an integer value of
2479: This Python function takes as input the output of `getChunks` and returns an array with tuples where each element is one dimension's
2480: This Python function converts the input to lowercase only when it's not none and of type 'str'. If already in case form or numer
2481: This Python script takes an RGB value and returns the individual components of that RBG. The first two bits are used to represent Red; next eight
2482: This function checks whether the input 'X' variable type in Python. If it’s an integer then return that value else returns length of list/
2483: This function is used to determine the operating system of an inputted string, based on its value from 'fileinfomation'. If it's
2484: This line of Python script returns the string representation with leading zeros up to 3 digits. The number is taken as an input and formatted in
2485: This function returns the first four elements of an input list, negated.  The order is reversed to match Python's negative indexing convention
2486: This function checks if the URL contains 'products.jsons'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there is
2487: This Python function calculates the minimum number of datasets required to test an algorithm. It takes into account base size, dataset sizes and tests performed as input
2488: This function replaces the word 'Ge' with GigaBit in place of Ethernet and removes any trailing slash from IP address 19
2489: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2490: This function returns the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing its predictions with real values, returning one when they match and zero otherwise."  (END OF
2491: This Python function takes two lists, compares each element of the first list with corresponding elements from second one and appends to 'results' only if
2492: This Python function takes as input the list of tags and returns only those that are present within our tokenized text data, using set operations to find common
2493: This Python function returns the list of numbers from 'myList' that are both even and odd, based on whether they pass an optional boolean condition or
2494: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with data from the "AuthorizationDataModel". The keys in our new dict are "_
2495: If the 'None' condition in Python, return default value. Else check length of string and append it to another variable with an underscore "_
2496: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists 'b' and another list named as "c" using python builtin functions. The result
2497: This Python script checks the file extension of an input string, and returns one among several possible return values based on its type. If no match found it
2498: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'action' and return its result which is an integer value representing either 0 or
2499: Checks whether the string 'alias' is present as an element of list or not. If it exists, returns true; otherwise false – Code
2500: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2501: This function takes an input string of names and returns the list/array with all but one last word from that given sentence or phrase as if it were
2502: This function takes two strings as input and returns the first one followed by an equals sign ("=") character.  The second parameter is used to separate
2503: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first non-"*" or "-" character. If there are no such characters, it will return None
2504: This Python function calculates the sum of an array using polynomial regression equation, where each coefficient is multiplied by 'x' and then added to its
2505: This Python script checks whether the Elasticsearch Index Name is not an Empty String. If it's true then prints out that 'IndexName
2506: This line of the given Python script scales an image based on its aspect ratio. If height is less than width it resizes by scaling along one axis
2507: This line of the given Python script checks whether an argument is type list, and then splits it into individual elements using split(). If so - returns
2508: "Performs an ordered comparisons between two numbers"  }]}]]]}}}}}""")}],[{"@type":"code",
2509: This Python function splits the input string by commas and returns two values - first is type of Quantization algorithm used in an object or empty String
2510: This function returns whether the second element of an array is greater than third divided by fourth.  It's used to compare two values in different parts
2511: This Python function calculates the nth root of an array. The calculation is done by subtracting each element from its index and then taking that result
2512: If the value is greater than 'limit', it returns "limit", otherwise, just returning that number.  Code snippet to be used in
2513: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, splits them into lines and adds to the end with two greater than signs followed by each line
2514: This is an example of linear interpolation. It's used to calculate the value y at any x in between two points, given three values -
2515: If the input is negative, return an unsigned integer with all bits set to zero. Otherwise calculate and add some constant value at end of it which represents
2516: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation that scales up or down images by multiplying them with two. The resultant image will be
2517: This function checks if every element of the first dictionary is also present as an entry within second one. If yes, it returns True; otherwise False or
2518: This python script reads an input file, checks the last character of each string and removes it. It also counts spaces between strings to determine their length or
2519: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' variable type as an integer. If it’s less than 0 then return Naan else returns
2520: This Python script calculates the sum of values from two lists, "historyC", which are both present within dictionaries. The function compares each
2521: This function returns the result of applying modulo operation on an array. If first element is not one among ['{','[','<' or )
2522: This function takes an input dictionary of quantum mechanical methods and returns the method used to calculate it. It also extracts other information from that such as which
2523: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns their sum along with the product of corresponding elements in three different variables. The first element is added to
2524: If the object is present, check whether it's shared. Return its value or default to false otherwise – Code snippet of function definition
2525: A dictionary is created to map integer values ​​to string. The first two elements are mapped with the respective strings and then continues indefinitely until
2526: This function returns the string 'Ciaoo' followed by whatever is passed in as an argument. The variable `name` will be concatenated to
2527: This Python function calculates the corrected atmospheric refractivity based on an approximate atmosphere and its elevation angle. The result is then returned as '
2528: This is an implementation of the Collaborative Filtering algorithm. It takes in two users and their interactions with different items as input data; it then
2529: This Python script generates the list of values from an input dictionary. The output is then joined into one string with spaces between each value, and assigned to
2530: This Python function splits an input string into records based on pipe characters (" | ") and returns the results as list of dictionaries where each dictionary represents
2531: This line of Python script calculates the speedup from using SPDK timespecs to standard time_t struct in C, and returns it as
2532: This function returns the string representation of an object in Python. The first character is '&lt;', followed by 3 characters from `namespace`
2533: This line of Python function calculates the weighted average. The input is j, which represents an integer and it's multiplied by 'weighted
2534: This function converts the input x to an integer. If it's not possible, returns 0 or -1 depending on whether 'x is
2535: This function calculates the absolute difference between two points in 3D space and sums them up. It's like adding three magnitudes of distances
2536: If the variable 'max\_widht' has not been defined, it will be set to 84 by default and then used as an argument
2537: This function checks whether all elements of the input list are equal. If not, it returns false; otherwise true is returned after checking each element against its
2538: This function compares the second element of two lists and returns whether or not it's greater.  It is used to determine if one list has
2539: This function takes an integer as its argument and returns the result of dividing it by two hundred forty thousand. The division is done in accordance with standard
2540: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list etc., depending on what you want
2541: If the version of an entity is modified, return 'Modify'. Else check whether it's created or added. Return '_DateAdded',
2542: A recursive function that retrieves values from TOML configuration files. It uses the 'pyyaml' library in Python and is used by
2543: This function calculates the value of an expression. The result is three times 'b' multiplied by square root ('phi') raised to power two
2544: This Python script filters out any empty dictionary objects from the 'entries' list. It then assigns "feeds" to each of these d
2545: This Python function sorts the keys and values of an input dictionary in ascending order using builtin functions 'dict' & zip'. The result is then
2546: Checks if the position of an object is within its own dimensions or another's.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False."""
2547: Checks if the given set of strings is unique. If it'is, returns true; otherwise false  [1 point]   Code complexity O
2548: If the second state is less than zero, return negative one. Else when it's greater or equal to zerotho returns positive ones
2549: This Python script checks if the given network mask is valid or invalid by splitting it into its individual components and checking each one against certain conditions, such as
2550: This function returns the string 'US' when given an input of 0 or less than zero, else it will return either `Europe`. The
2551: If the variable 'Host' has no value, return none; otherwise convert to lower case and remove spaces from string – else do nothing but check
2552: This function calculates the number of rows and columns needed to display 'N' plots. If N is divisible by ‘NCOLS’
2553: If the "case solution" exists in NE/SPD Case File, return it; otherwise returns 'None'.  This checks whether there're
2554: A dictionary containing the source mapping configuration.  The keys are 'OS URL', '_KIBANA URl'','DEFAULT url,'F
2555: Returns true if the input string is in all upper case and stripped of leading/trailing whitespace, else false.  This function checks whether
2556: This function replaces the keys in an object with their corresponding values based on certain conditions, and returns them as strings or other data types depending upon what
2557: This function calculates the position of an object in relation to mouse cursor. The coordinates are calculated by subtracting some values from 'cursor' positions then
2558: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "data['user']'s"] users and append their id to 'result'.
2559: This function checks if the first two characters of 'csname' are "CC" followed by at least one character, then returns True only when length
2560: This script reads lines from the input file, removes leading/trailing whitespace and returns them as list of strings – one per each new row
2561: If the first and second reaction multiplication is equal, return true. Otherwise false; else part of function definition not needed in current context but included here as
2562: This Python function returns the value of 'x' but only when it is greater than two, otherwise return its original form as in line #13
2563: This function returns different colors based on the type of copy number variation. If it's 'Copy Number Variations', return color #FFFFFF/
2564: This function calculates the similarity between two nodes in network using their neighbors' sets and returns it as fraction of total number edges shared by both pairs,
2565: This function calculates the reciprocal of 0.9 in Python, which is equivalent to finding one minus its proportion or inverse on an exponential
2566: This Python script generates the list of parameters from an input dictionary. It filters out those that are not present as keys within another given set, effectively removing
2567: This python script finds the largest possible height and width of an image that can be scaled down to fit within its original aspect ratio while maintaining or reducing some
2568: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over each 'ladder' object within the given input data structure and appends its second
2569: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2570: If the key 'electricity levels' is present, return its value. Otherwise it returns [zero and second element of info].  This function
2571: This Python function checks whether the input 'val' can either by converted to boolean type directly from string inputs like “True” and/or false
2572: This Python function uses regular expressions to find the domain part of an email address in one line using lookbehind and lookup ahead assertions, if found
2573: If the object doesn't exist, it skips; otherwise checks whether its docstring exists before proceeding with further operations on that variable/object to
2574: If the response to 'Special Extraordinarily Expensive' is yes, return true. Otherwise false or no action required based on that answer in Python
2575: Generates the list of label lists by iterating over two nested loops to create each possible combination between worker and image pairs within an array structure –
2576: Try to get the value of "e" with key 'shipping' and if it doesn’t exist, return an empty string. If there
2577: This Python function takes as input an array of sentences, and returns another list where each element is the same string but with all punctuation marks removed from
2578: "Checks whether given path points to an existing, readable HDF/Keras model"  Explanation of what it does in detail
2579: This Python function takes an expression as input and returns the same result, but with semicolons removed from it using string replace method in python language."
2580: This line of the given Python function returns an elementwise multiplication result between two vectors. The elements at corresponding positions are multiplied together and then summed
2581: This function converts the input to string, removes leading and trailing dots from it then returns that resultant String back as output in case of any
2582: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. If both distances are zero, it returns their absolute difference; otherwise depending
2583: This function takes in one parameter, 'text', and returns the same input as it's given without any spaces between characters; otherwise an empty string
2584: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
2585: This function subtracts the integer part of division by three and multiplies it with original value. It is used to ensure that angles are always between
2586: This Python script splits the filename into its extension and prefix, then checks if it's txt or json; based on that information different output fil
2587: This line of the given Python script splits 'data' string into list elements using comma as separator and then returns second element from that split array
2588: This Python script splits the given string on "link" and returns only last part of it, which is an id from url parameters in case if
2589: If the function receives an argument 'None', it returns true. Else, checks whether or not "command_nam" matches with given input parameter
2590: This Python function takes in the python namespace and splits it into parts using '.' as separator. Then joins these separated strings with ':'. The
2591: This line of the given Python script converts an input string into its equivalent float values in case it's not already converted to floats and then
2592: This function returns 0 if the sum of squares is less than or equal to one, otherwise it will be returned as an integer. The 'pos
2593: This Python function calculates the heating/cooling status based on temperature setpoint and current temperatures of an appliance in terms that it is either
2594: This function calculates the total time spent in each group of frames, taking into account skipping and adding extra groups. The result is then multiplied
2595: This Python function raises an error when the input is not either zero nor one. It also performs binary AND operation on given number with its complement of ones
2596: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2597: This Python function takes as input the parameters of an application, splits them into individual strings and converts each string to lowercase before adding it all
2598: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as it does with all non-"aeiu" characters removed.  It uses list
2599: This Python script sorts the indices of two lists and then creates another one that contains only those elements from both original arrays which are not present. The result
2600: This function converts the input string into an integer. The last character of each number in that format is used to determine how many times it should be
2601: If the dictionary is empty or has only one key/value pair return an expression based on that value; otherwise perform substitution in two different ways depending
2602: This Python script removes leading/trailing whitespace from strings, handles single quotes or double quotations around string literals if they exist at the start
2603: This line of Python script returns the difference between corresponding elements from two lists. The function 'zip' is used to pair up each element with its counter
2604: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is rounded to one decimal place. The input level and maximum_value are multiplied together,
2605: This Python script checks the value of 'val' and sets its background color based on that. The colors are defined in an array, with 0
2606: This Python function calculates the square root of 'ij' raised to power six and then multiplies it by ten times that result, divided with its
2607: This script is used to create an array of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents one security finder and contains the information about that particular vulnerability or
2608: This function takes two parameters, t and rat. It returns the result of multiplying 'rate' by itself to some number called ‘times’
2609: If the "app" field exists and it's not empty, then check if that value matches any of our known apps; otherwise continue with other
2610: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two error rates, with an adjustment factor to handle underflow. If there is no data available in either
2611: This function returns two tuples. The first tuple contains the string "GET" and an object `b` which is passed as argument to it
2612: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
2613: This function generates the path to save results of an analysis. The parameters are used in constructing such paths, and then appended with '.result'.
2614: This Python function checks whether the input number 'X' is divisible by either one or four. If it isn’t, then adds to make
2615: This function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been encoded using base “base”. The characters that are not
2616: This function checks whether an input is within the range of two numbers. If it's in, returns that number; otherwise return another value specified by
2617: This line of the Python script returns only one part from string 's' after splitting it by '/'. The last element in resulting list is returned as
2618: This Python function checks the type of two variables x & Y. If they are both integers or one integer only then it returns maximum between them else return
2619: This Python function uses regular expressions to extract the Google Spaces document ID from an input URL, which is usually in format "https://drive.google
2620: This Python function checks the URL and returns two pieces of information based on whether it is equal to 'http(s)?:\/\/(www\.)
2621: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
2622: This function checks if the input is one of “one”, two to eight. It returns true when it's either 'number', and
2623: This Python function scales the boundig box coordinates by given scale factor. The result is returned as dictionary with rounded values of x and y dimensions only,
2624: This Python script reads lines from an input file and builds up the resulting strings. It uses nested loops to iteratively process each character of every readline
2625: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2626: This line of the Python script checks whether or nor `pyBool` is True/False and assigns it to 'fool' which can be
2627: "A function that filters the server data"  return srv_data, filter = None if not isinstance(serverData[0], list
2628: This line of the given C++ program is equivalent to shifting right by 0 bits. It's an example where we are using bitwise operators
2629: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. The result is returned as the number itself in case of success and None if n isn't
2630: This Python script checks the first character of each element in `path` list. If it is ':', then check whether there are more than  two
2631: This Python function takes three parameters representing RGB values and returns the same as input but with each value clamped between [0..255]. If
2632: If the value in column postgres is of type timestamp, change it to text. Otherwise return name and postgrestype as string separated by space
2633: This function calculates the Z score, which is used in many statistical tests. It subtracts each data point from its respective means and then div
2634: This Python function normalizes the input data to be between zero and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum value from each element of dataset then
2635: This Python script creates and returns the list of faculty members from an input dictionary, 'editor'. The function iterates over all elements within that editor'
2636: This function calculates the length of binary representation. If input is less than or equal to one, it returns '1'. Otherwise - shifts right by
2637: This function returns the value of 'a' minus three. The number is represented as an Int in Python, and it uses bitwise operations to perform
2638: Splits the input string into hours, minutes and seconds using ":" as separator returning total number of secs in those values after converting them
2639: This Python function checks whether an 'if' condition is true or not. If it finds the key of dictionary `iConDict`, then
2640: This Python function checks whether the input 'is an integer'. If it's true then returns that same value. Otherwise return double of original numeric
2641: If the string is empty, return an blank dictionary.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal in Python scripting language using 'if' statement and condition
2642: If the variable 'name' is an uppercase string, return it as title case; otherwise do nothing and leave original value of "name".
2643: If the value of 'Reactant' is greater than or equal to ‘Residue’, return none. Otherwise calculate and returns result
2644: This function takes in keyword arguments and returns the dictionary with specified keys or defaults if not provided by user; also it uses get() method to avoid Key
2645: This Python function returns the coordinates of an object in relation to its square. The input is one string that represents which side or corner it's checking
2646: This line of Python function calculates the difference between two numbers and returns it with an additional dictionary containing metadata about how to use that result in your program
2647: This line of the given Python script splits each word in "emotion" string into separate elements and returns them as list using split() function,
2648: This Python script splits the string "<PLATFORM>" into an array of strings, then joins them back together with spaces between each word
2649: This Python function calculates the cube root of an input number 'X' and returns it if possible, otherwise raises error with details about what went
2650: This Python function calculates the value of each column by converting it to its corresponding number using base 'abc' and then adding up all these numbers.
2651: A simple script that returns the dictionary with 'name' and an image. The ‘Busyman’ is busy in our company.")  ```python
2652: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2653: This function checks the element and its neighbors, then returns an integer based on certain conditions. If it's equal to three or less than five neighbour
2654: This Python script calculates the weighted average of squares distances between corresponding elements from two lists. The function takes three arguments; one list 'list' and
2655: This Python script calculates the total number of ways to distribute items into boxes. It takes as input an array 'l' and returns 1 if
2656: This line of the given C++ program checks if an integer is within valid range. If it's not, assert and terminates execution with error
2657: This Python script uses the SVM algorithm to classify images based on their prediction values from convolutional neural network model with an average value greater than given
2658: This line of the script retrieves and stores in 'postal\_addres...' variable, if POSTAL ADDRESSES CODE is
2659: This function converts minutes to hours if the value is greater than or equal zero, else it returns 'zero'. The conversion factor depends on whether input
2660: This Python script reads an XML string and adds the content between '<>...></(...) >>>..<<'/ tags to result list if they are
2661: This function returns the part of speech tag based on wordnet pos. If it's not recognized, then return as is ie., original input
2662: This Python function checks the length of inputted 'passwor'd and returns true only when it meets certain conditions. The condition is that,
2663: Removes all leading and trailing whitespace from the string, but only if it'll be surrounded by non white space characters like ' ', '\
2664: If the list of predictions is empty, it returns zero. Otherwise calculates and return proportion between number hits on expectations to total count from predicitions
2665: This function checks if the given longitude is within an interval [long1; Long] or not. It also verifies whether it'll be
2666: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns half value. The values are calculated as per formula provided in problem statement, ie., kernel
2667: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the same size as 'lenghths' and then fills it by assigning each element from
2668: This function calculates the center of an object in two dimensions. The input parameters are minimum and maximum values along both axes respectively which define its bound
2669: This function returns the coordinates of an empty cell on your game's grid. If no such cells exist it will return 'False'. The first time
2670: This Python function returns zero, one or two depending on the comparison of 'a' and/or "b". If they are equal it will return
2671: This function takes as input the sequence list and returns an output where each element is padded to have maximum length equal with that of longest string. The
2672: This Python function checks whether the inputted 's' is enclosed in double quotes or not, and returns it accordingly with appropriate formatting rules applied
2673: This line of the Python script is creating two variables, 'head' and ‘’(empty character), by slicing string. The first part
2674: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2675: This Python script reads an input as strings and removes the outermost bracketed parts of it. It does so by iterating over each character in
2676: This line of the given C++ program is calculating and returning an address that aligns with alignment requirements. The 'return' statement calculates by adding
2677: Prints "shutdown" and returns true. This function is used to shutdown the system when called by an event handler in another module, which can
2678: This line of the Python script calculates absolute values and returns maximum value. It's used to ensure that both x & y coordinates are non negative
2679: This Python script converts multiple dictionaries into one dictionary. It iterates over each of the input lists and then through every item within those individual items
2680: This Python function is used to create an empty list and two dictionaries as per the requirements of your problem statement but it also populates them with data
2681: If input is at origin and no paddings are applied then it will return valid. Else when we have to apply same type/mode on
2682: Code is about a simple arithmetic problem with 4 variables and one constant value, which can be solved using basic math operations in Python language as follows
2683: This Python function calculates the mean of an array 'f' by calculating its length and then adding up all elements to get total, dividing that
2684: This Python script counts the number of dots and colons present within an input string. It uses conditional statements to check if each character is either '.',
2685: If the value of 'rho' in function call isn’t provided, it returns constant one. Else return result as per formula given above and
2686: This Python function takes three parameters - two integers and one integer. It returns the start index of an ordered list between these values in ascending order with
2687: This Python function adds two numbers if both are positive. If only one of them is, it will add the nonnegative number to 'x' or
2688: This function generates an unique identifier from the given dictionary of attributes by sorting them alphabetically then generating it based on their names & values using hash
2689: If the input 'None' or empty list, return output as it was. Else convert each element of coordinates to its corresponding value minus an "
2690: Returns the value of "distance" in dictionary 'info'.  If it doesn't exist, returns None.  ```python Code is returning information
2691: Return JSON object with specific fields.  Classifies user 'B' and associates it to class ID c3 using annotation data from subject id s
2692: This Python function takes an 'n' character string as its parameter and returns the same n characters repeated with their count plus one, but only if they
2693: This Python script checks the input types and length of encap. If any check fails it raises an error with appropriate message.";   ## Code
2694: Checks if the property ""@value", its value, is not empty string or null. Also checks whether name of that attribute/property has been
2695: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one divided by another number, but it does so in such way that if there is an error or
2696: This function takes in the number of 'points' to generate on each side as well. It then generates these points within an array with dimensions equal t
2697: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation, reverses the bits and then returns it as another decimal number. The result is obtained by
2698: If the attribute "result" exists in an object named `Results` then return its value else it returns none – Code snippet to be
2699: This Python function calculates the sum of digits modulo by eleven. It takes an integer as input and returns its digital root or "digital
2700: This Python script sorts two lists, then compares the elements of these sorted arrays in parallel using pointers to track which element is currently being compared
2701: This function checks whether the input is 'persons' and, based on that returns either its plural form or itself otherwise depending upon end of string conditions
2702: This Python function calculates the temperature in Fahrenheit given Celsius degrees and returns it as per formulae provided by WIK
2703: This function checks whether the given number is positive or not. It returns true when it's negative, and false otherwise in Python programming language using an
2704: This Python function takes an alphabetical string and shifts each character by the specified amount. It only works with lowercase letters, leaving other characters unchanged
2705: This function calculates the Fibo number at position 'input' using recursion. The base cases are when input is less than two, it
2706: This Python script finds the maximum value in 6 different columns of an array. The first column is accessed with [0], second one ->data
2707: Code that checks the name of each element in an array. If its not long enough, it returns ${element} :  ${(index+1
2708: If the key 'version' exists, delete it from JSON dictionary.  Return updated Json Dictionary after deletion of version information is done or not found
2709: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2710: This function checks if the given 'word' is present as an element of list.  It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it exists within
2711: This function converts the input to lowercase string then checks whether it's either 'True', ‘False’ ,or just any other case
2712: This function calculates the difference between room and radiant temperatures, then multiplies it by ten thousand to get an output in kelvin which is
2713: This function returns the position of character in alphabetical order. It takes an upper case letter as input and gives its corresponding number which is 0
2714: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'edge' or neighbor data structure and adds neighbors to it based on whether they
2715: This script will scrape job listings from Indeed using the provided parameters and returns them in an easy to read format on your computer's screen or as
2716: If the input argument isn't an instance or object that represents dictionary data structure in Python. Raise error with message "The first parameter should represent
2717: This function takes in the number of seconds as an input and returns three values. The first value is rounded to one decimal place, which represents hours;
2718: This Python function tries to convert an integer into another one. If it succeeds, the return value is 'True'. Otherwise - if there're
2719: A dictionary is created to map each lowercase version of the word from 'units' list into its corresponding upper case form as value and key respectively
2720: Removes backticks from the message.  It also removes newline characters to make it cleaner and easier on screen reader users by removing unnecessary information
2721: This Python function takes as input an array of strings where each string is composed by two characters separated with commas and it returns the list direction along which
2722: This Python script checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to list or not. If it does belong in lists then return that as output else convert
2723: This Python function converts RGB values to HSV and returns the result as an integer in hexadecimal format, rounded down by multiplying
2724: This function returns the result of multiplying each element in xy by their respective weights and then adding them together with some constant offsets to create new
2725: This Python function checks whether the input object 'is instance of' dictionary and then it performs some operations on that specific type only when necessary; otherwise returns
2726: This program calculates the smallest and largest number between two given numbers x &amp;#46;&nbsp;-&gt;" + str_replace
2727: This Python function converts an array of ID'S to corresponding dictionary. The input is the list 'value', and it returns another dict where each
2728: This Python function splits the input by newline character, trims leading and trailing spaces from each line of strings before adding to an action list
2729: This is an example of conditional statements in Python. It checks the value 'x' and returns different values based on its condition(s). In our
2730: This line of the given Python script is returning only one part from an ID string. The ":" character separates two parts in case there are multiple
2731: This Python function calculates the number of trials per job by dividing total trial count with jobs. The result is rounded to nearest whole integer as it
2732: This function calculates the ratio of x to its range, where 'smi' is smallest value in data and it represents 0% or negative
2733: Code is used to calculate the gamma value of an object. The function takes two parameters, one being 'x' and another beeing ‘
2734: This function returns all elements of the input list that fall within specified range.  It uses List Comprehension to filter out any values not falling
2735: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2736: Attempts to connect and retrieve data from the specified URL using an http GET request, returning True when successful connection is made or False otherwise –
2737: This Python script creates an array of tuples representing the possible movements in two dimensions. The movement is represented by changing one axis and keeping other as
2738: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'roidb' that have at least one box in their "boxts" field
2739: This Python script splits the input string on ":" and returns two elements from each split part, respectively; it is used to parse log files where
2740: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of two dimensions from an input list. The output is returned as tuples with each value being
2741: This Python function checks if there are two markers ('x', 'o') on the same position. If so it raises error; otherwise returns either
2742: This Python script changes the value of 'command' to either game, pictures etc., based on user input and returns that as output from function call
2743: If either of the two time values are not provided then return an error value (-). Otherwise calculate and returns difference between them with some scaling factor applied to
2744: A dictionary with key 'data' is created and assigned the value of an object. The keys are stop id," route"," due" etc., while
2745: This function returns the result of bitwise AND operation between 'n' and ('1<<k') minus one. It is used to extract last "
2746: This Python script checks whether the given RGB values are within valid range. If not, it raises an error with message "Color value is out of bounds
2747: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2748: This Python function checks whether the given 'action' is within an acceptable range. If not, it raises either "Value Error" with appropriate message;
2749: This function returns the dictionary with resource supply and its name as button.  If it's not called, then return an empty dict{} in Python
2750: This line of Python script calculates the number and returns how many days it is, given that there are 8791 secs in total
2751: This function checks whether the input 'retries' parameter has been passed and it also ensures that its value can only accept an integer. If so -
2752: This function splits the input string by newline character and returns second element of resulting list. If there is no such an index it will return None
2753: This function calculates the exponentially weighted moving average of an input value. The weight decreases over time, with each step representing one unit in age and
2754: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2755: This line of the Python script is creating an address string using cep and format. The resultant output will be stored in variable 'path'.
2756: This line of the given Python script is returning 9 values from an input dictionary. The first four are coordinates, which represent positions in two dimensions that
2757: Throw an error when the input values of 'k' or ‘m’ are less than zero. This is to ensure that they can not
2758: This Python script returns the first five hundred entries of an array. The total number and type are also provided in response to client requests using Flask framework
2759: Returns the username of an authenticated and authorized User. – Code snippet to get current logged in users's name from JWT
2760: This function calculates the value of p in an exponential distribution. If 'K' is less than 1, it returns "None". Otherwise，
2761: A function that takes an integer and returns the result of repeating 'x' in half if it is odd. Otherwise return y repeated as many times equal
2762: This line of the script is defining two rectangles with coordinates based on first and second record in 'records' list.  The four values are
2763: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2764: This line of the script checks whether extension variable has been assigned an instance that's not just one string. If it does then convert to list type
2765: A Python script that converts the given data into dictionary format. The keys are from second column of each tuple and values will be remaining columns after
2766: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. It takes as input an iterable of 3D point objects and returns their total absolute
2767: This line of the Python function merges base regional file and given dictionary. The result is returned as output from 'merge' method in python library called
2768: This Python script creates an inverse list by using negative sign and indexing. The result is returned as 'v_inversed'.  It'
2769: This line of the given Python script is finding and returning part or all path from 'bundle_path' string, starting after last '/'. If there
2770: This line of the script sorts all keys in 'patches' dictionary and assigns them to variable named "numeric_keys".  It then
2771: This function splits the workload across multiple threads. If it're on one of two special cases where we have to do some calculations before splitting
2772: This Python function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It uses pointers to iteratively compare characters from the start, sk
2773: This function calculates the product of two numbers using recursion. If second number is zero it returns 'zero'. Otherwise return first value plus result from
2774: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns only four of them if they exist; otherwise it just ignores all parts until there are
2775: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2776: If no filter or ID list are provided, it will return an empty string. Otherwise returns the concatenation of both lists separated by ' | '.
2777: This line of the given Python script checks if 'w' is an element within string/list "s".  It returns True or False based on
2778: This function checks whether the given input is already present as an element of 'Words' list or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on
2779: {self.summary}\"/>".format(**locals())  # noqa E901, F843; p
2780: If the output 'Other' isn’t defined or it doesn‘ts have type Tuple then return "Cancel" else add to current result with
2781: No operation performed. The number is less than 1 and thus the accumulator remains unchanged as it's an invalid input in our case of Int
2782: This script converts the input string to lowercase and replaces all occurrences of '@{username}' with an empty space, then appends
2783: This line of the program multiplies an integer by 4 and masks it with another value. The result is then stored in 'mul_
2784: Returns the name of language based on ISO_CODE. If it's neither cat, dan nor eng or spa then throws an error with unknown
2785: If the string is empty or all characters are present only once then return true else false based on character count of pattern and given strings respectively..   [
2786: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the given key/value pairs. The keys are 'mystring', which is assigned
2787: "Converts pixels to square feet" }}}""")```   This function takes two parameters, `pixels` and 'resolution
2788: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with lists of zeros up to 'N'. The value at index ‘' + str
2789: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2790: This Python function takes an angle in degrees and converts it to the range of [18,79] by adding or subtracting from its
2791: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2792: This Python script splits the input string by provided 'split' character and then returns list of bits. It also skips empty elements from output sequence
2793: This Python script reads two lists of data. If the first list is not empty or None then it creates new ones with only contents from both original pairs
2794: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using their standard deviations and correlation coefficient, which are inputs to it respectively."
2795: This function converts the given string to an integer. If it's empty or not in correct format then returns zero otherwise calculates and retruns
2796: This function calculates the difference between two elements in an array. The result is then multiplied by some constant factor, which can be adjusted to change
2797: Created the user' information in dictionary format and added it to 'profile'. If an emai... 1/3 of python script that
2798: This line of the function returns an elementwise multiplication between two vectors, where u is used to control how much weight should be given on one vector compared
2799: This function is used to remove the last occurrence of each sound that was played more than once. It checks if any two consecutive sounds are equal, then
2800: This line of Python function returns the reciprocal value. It's an example to show how division works in python, where 0 is considered
2801: If the argument is of type string and it's empty then returns an error.  Otherwise do nothing or whatever else needs to be done with its
2802: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same output as it does but with duplicate values removed from that given List using 'in' operator to
2803: This function takes an integer as input, shifts the bits of that number to create four new numbers in different order. The first two are shifted left by
2804: Checks the length of cards array, which should be between 0 to less than/more that  |  Payment validation function with Python language implementation
2805: This function checks if the input parameters are valid. It assumes that 'assert' is used to ensure conditions in place and will return an error message otherwise
2806: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from 'expected' list that are present only within another provided "existing" tags.  It
2807: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
2808: This Python script generates an object with entries from the 'changelogs' table. The keys are numbers and values represent number of changes made to each
2809: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'winners' object and appends each player’ name to it using their .
2810: This script creates dictionaries to map entities and relations. It also iterates over the given list of tuples which represent relationships between two sets or
2811: Checks whether two dictionaries have the same keys and values under those key/value pairs defined by 'compare' function or not using Python builtin
2812: If the query does not have any binds, return true. Otherwise it returns false indicating that there are some results to be processed in future steps of
2813: Creates an empty dictionary and checks if the "match all" option exists. If it does, iterates over each of its conditions to add them
2814: Replace underscores and hyphens in the input string with spaces.  This is done using Python's built - it replaces all occur
2815: This function returns the square of one minus input 'x'. It's an example to show how Python can be used in mathematical computations. The
2816: This function replaces the characters "<>" with their HTML entities &amp;&#60;/&#x3e;" and "/><".
2817: This Python function generates an OSM tile URL based on the zoom level, x and y coordinates of that particular location in OpenStreetMap's
2818: This Python script compares two version numbers represented as strings and returns an integer indicating the comparison result between them based on their length or value of each number
2819: This Python function returns the index of an element in list 'b' that is less than or equal to given number. If there are no such elements
2820: A function that checks if the input string contains only alphanumeric characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false."""(1
2821: This line of Python script converts the input string 'text' into its ASCII representation. The map function applies an ord() builtin python method
2822: This function returns the value of an accumulated id and index. The result is calculated by multiplying both values together, with 'accumulation'
2823: If the input is an empty String, it returns "-".  This handles cases where no value has been provided.  ```python ```java
2824: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an error percentage. The formula used is absolute value, which means it always gives positive results regardless if
2825: This function splits the input string by ':' and then parses each part as an Int32. It returns their sum multiplied with six
2826: This python script creates an empty matrix of size 'len' x length, then fills it with the product between corresponding elements from two lists. The result
2827: This function checks the value of 'min' and returns it, or return either "max" depending on whether its in between two other values. If
2828: This Python script deletes empty buckets from the JSON data. It checks each 'Buck' object within `JSONData` to see whether it
2829: This Python function takes in an array of strings and returns the first nonempty one. It does so by iterating over each element, checking whether it
2830: This Python script calculates the average of all elements present within list 'i'. The variable "s" is initialized to 1 and then, on
2831: This function deletes the key 'uncertainty' from dictionary.  It then returns updated dictionaries with that specific value removed, which is useful
2832: If the radius is not greater than zero then return square of that number else raise an error stating "Length should only contain non negative values". This function
2833: This function takes in an array of RGB values and returns the same output as if all three channels were swapped. It does so by subtracting each
2834: This function calculates the average of all elements in list l.  It does so by adding up each element and then dividing that total number with
2835: This Python function calculates the value of y given an input 'x' and returns it as half its original size, with some constant factor applied to
2836: Checks if the first character of string is either p, q,..., z or it'll be an alphanumeric.  If so returns
2837: This function converts temperature from Kelsin to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between C and farenheight, which is given
2838: This function checks the type of an object and performs different actions based on its class, returning true or false accordingly to indicate whether it was successful in mod
2839: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2840: This function checks if the given object is an instance of some kind that can be called. It also takes into account whether it's been set to
2841: This Python function calculates the determinant of 4x4 matrix. The formula used is based on Cayley–Menger row reduction,
2842: This program checks whether the variable 'three' has been defined and prints an error message. If it hasn’t, then returns “didn
2843: If the input number is negative, reverse it and then negatively. Otherwise just take that value as given in function call – no reversal needed
2844: This function takes two parameters, 'sample' and ‘sampling_rate’. It returns the result of dividing "Sample" by Sam
2845: This line of the given Python script is returning an output that combines two strings together, using '+' as string concatenation operator and then appends
2846: This line of Python script splits the input string by "." and then joins them with an underscore, converting all characters to uppercase using .
2847: This line of Python script calculates the product between two numbers. The variables 'x' and ‘y’ are multiplied together, resulting in
2848: This function normalizes the input value to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done based on min/ max values of source data in each
2849: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'zeta' or any of its subvariables are either an integer type ('float') and performs some operation
2850: If the user clicks on an element with id 'click' in SHOWN or Hidden mode, it will change to active/invisible side
2851: This function reshapes the input coordinate list to have three elements. If it's one element long then adds zeros in front of that single
2852: If the variable 'WayPoint' does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise it returns its road id as textual representation – "
2853: If an 'EVENT' is present, it pops the value of that key from dictionary and assigning to msg; otherwise returns with default string as
2854: This function generates the lineages of an organism based on its TaxIDs, using reverse mapping from names to their corresponding ID'd and then
2855: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the last part of that string after stripping any trailing slashes, split by '/' into
2856: This program simulates the behavior of an object moving in 3D space, with its position and velocity being updated based on some mathematical equations provided by
2857: This function calculates the square of an input number. Code is simple and efficient, it takes one parameter 'n' which represents any integer or float
2858: This function takes two arguments l and r. It returns the location of '(' in string s[i] from index i to j where both are
2859: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given dataset strings, where each string is split by '==' into two
2860: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers. The first two elements are always set to zero and one respectively which is the standard
2861: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
2862: This Python function sorts all the sublists within 'list' by ascending order.  It uses builtin sort method of list which is an O
2863: Returns true if the index of an element in array is greater than or equal to maximum value.  This condition checks whether we have reached our max limit
2864: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2865: This line of Python script replaces all non alphanumeric characters in the string with hyphens (-).  It's used to clean up
2866: This Python script checks if the keys 'Extra Link Args' and ‘Define Macro’ exist within an input dictionary `info` to
2867: This line of Python script splits the string "slide" by "-", removes any leading/trailing whitespace, and stores each resulting piece as
2868: This Python script creates an array with the values of absolute division between each element and its previous one. The result is then returned by indexing at position
2869: This line of the given Python script is performing an arithmetic shift operation on variable 'y' by 23 bits. The result will be stored
2870: Returns the first 16 characters of an ID, converted to lowercase. This is done by slicing and converting in one line using Python'
2871: If the value of 'v' is greater than or equal to ten, it returns its proportion as part one plus another number in relation with itself divided
2872: This Python function calculates the sum of coefficients multiplied by each power raised to an exponent, where 'x' is given as input and returns that
2873: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an input list 'X'. It first computes and stores its length, then it sums up all elements
2874: This function is used to extend the sequence with dashes until it reaches its length. It's useful in creating masked sequences that are not completely
2875: Checks if two dictionaries are equal. If they're the same, it returns True; otherwise False is returned and an error message "D
2876: This function checks whether the request is of type 'GET' with optional parameters. If both limit & page number are present, it returns true; otherwise
2877: This Python script uses regular expressions to generate regex patterns from the input list of file names, then compiles these into one single pattern that matches any filename
2878: This Python function calculates the row and column indices of an image based on its width, height in relation to half. If there is any odd number
2879: This Python function generates an array of indices from the trajectory list where each index corresponds to one element that is only 3D. The number 'n
2880: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on input parameters. The result is returned as output from that calculation, which can be used in
2881: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any position
2882: This Python script removes the trailing '**', if it exists, from an input string "Name". It also checks whether or not that character is
2883: This Python script is used to generate unique IDs. It starts with 0 and increments by one until it finds an unused id, then returns
2884: This script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values of three keys from two dictionaries. The first key is "baseline", which contains
2885: This function calculates the power of 'b' to an exponent that is calculated by taking modulus with respect ‘p’. The resultant
2886: Code: Bool    If the string s starts with 'a' or an uppercase letter.   [1 line]"""... """
2887: This Python function checks whether the input 'Data' variable contains only lists. If it does contain one or more elements that are either strings and/or
2888: This function returns the URL to cancel an API job run using host as part of its endpoint and version number 3, which is used in placeholders
2889: This Python script creates three lists, one with the card values from each player' s hands and another containing unique cards of all players; then it counts
2890: This Python function checks whether the input 'b' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot convert into integers then returns False else converts and
2891: This function checks if the input string contains only alphanumeric characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false and terminates execution of program
2892: This is an implementation of the Bellman equation, which updates values in table 'Q' based on current state and action. The reward signal helps to
2893: This line of Python function converts the binary string to an integer. The 'int' builtin in python is used with two arguments - base and
2894: This line of the Python script calculates and returns percentage representation. It takes two parameters, positive responses & Total Responsess to calculate percentages respectively
2895: This Python script creates the URL by concatenating 'head' and '_local'. It then returns that new, combined string as output of function getURL
2896: This function checks if the string s contains only ASCII characters. It does so by using Python' builtin 'all()', which returns True when
2897: If the 'extended index' does not exist, it returns its own position; otherwise extends each item of an existing extended/existing indexes with
2898: This line of Python script returns the last part after splitting 'tag' string with '-'.  It is used to get only one word from long strings
2899: This function returns the correct MIME type based on input string 'types'. It checks if it'll be HTML or JSON and then accordingly sets up
2900: This function calculates the values of three variables based on an input parameter 'x'. The first variable is calculated as twice its own index minus one times
2901: A simple JSON object with all fields set to one. This is the default output of an API that does not require any input parameters or other specifics
2902: This Python script converts DNA sequences into regular expressions. It replaces all instances of X and x with dots, but keeps the parentheses as
2903: Code: Hello, World in Python. 10/4 -> Outputs "Hello" to the console and then exits programm
2904: This function checks if the string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it to its reverse version, which we get using slicing
2905: This function compares two dictionaries and returns the differences between them as new dictionary objects 'DiffA' & ‘DifB’ which are
2906: This function takes in the phrase, splits it into individual word and sorts them. It then checks if all unique elements are present within sorted list of
2907: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
2908: This Python function creates an empty list and then fills it with the transpose of input matrix g, where each element at position [x] is taken
2909: This Python script checks if there are any overlapping windows between reference sequences. If so it returns false; otherwise true after checking all the provided window sizes
2910: This script checks if the file extension of each image is ".Func" and returns True only when they are GIFTI files, otherwise it will return
2911: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
2912: This Python function calculates the azimuthe angles based on an inputted value of 'angle'. It takes into account whether or not it'
2913: This Python function takes in two pairs of coordinates and calculates the center point. The input is expected to be an array with exactly four elements representing [
2914: Code: "::" + String, Tokenizer is used to split the input string into tokens. The function returns an array of these strings which
2915: This Python script is used to create the 'dictionary' data structure and then convert it into an array of tuples where each tuple contains one
2916: This Python function returns the value of 'x' in terms as per condition given by user, else it will return an error message or default result depending
2917: This Python script calculates the minimum values of two coordinates based on their respective resolutions. The resolution is determined by dividing one value with another and then
2918: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It returns three values in each iteration, which are respectively fib(n
2919: This function returns the minimum and maximum of three given numbers.  It uses Python's built in functions to find these values efficiently without needing explicit loops
2920: This function checks if one string can be obtained by cutting another. It does so through the comparison of characters from both strings and stops when it finds matching
2921: This Python function takes two arguments, 'dq' and an integer mask. It returns the result of applying binary AND operation to both inputs using given
2922: This Python function calculates the value of an object with given properties. The formula is based on superposition and wave number decay, which are two fundamental
2923: This Python function takes an input dictionary, checks if the keys 'rows', or any of them are present. If yes then it assigns that value
2924: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'stop' number. If "stop" is less than zero or equal exactly
2925: This Python script converts the values of one dictionary into another by iterating over it and assigning each value to its corresponding key from 'another'
2926: This Python function checks the remainder of k divided by four. If it's zero or one then returns specific values based on that condition; otherwise return
2927: This function returns the maximum of two given numbers. It first finds out which one is smaller and then takes that as minimum value with another number to get
2928: A function that checks if an input string is present within the list of strings. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true –
2929: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception that would stop execution
2930: This line of the script converts an input coordinate to its equivalent on another axis, taking into account that it's wrapped around when necessary. The
2931: This line of the given C++ program multiplies an integer by 'i' and stores it in variable "result". The return value is stored back
2932: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase if it contains 'e' followed by 1, or two digits and ends with either
2933: This Python function takes in an input string and returns three integers based on the conditions specified by its logic; otherwise it will return default values ​​for
2934: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that. If it's integer then returns as such; otherwise check whether
2935: If the 'ip_address' exists, checks whether it has been used as an IP Address. – FAILED otherwise -> Returning
2936: This function returns the animation and its length. It's used to get information about an object that is being animated by some other program or library in
2937: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
2938: This function calculates the total amount of calories burned by an athlete after performing certain number replications with their given weights in kilograms, based
2939: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2940: This Python function returns the style of line based on input string. It checks whether '-' is present, and then assigns it to return value accordingly
2941: This function returns the value of 'x' when it is within an interval defined by two bounds. If not, then return either one bound or none
2942: This Python function checks the value of 'sign' and returns an integer based on its position. If it is positive, return "+", negative "-
2943: This function checks if the value is within range [low, high] inclusive.  It returns True when it's in that interval and False otherwise
2944: This Python script generates sets of unique elements from two lists and checks if there are any common items between them using the union operation on one list to another
2945: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses List Comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays/lists and then
2946: This line of the given C++ function performs an operation on x, shifting its bits to right by 'c' places and then left again. The
2947: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on some input A, which is assumed to be in scientific notation and returns it as its result
2948: This Python function reverses the order of elements within an input list or another iterable object. It checks whether its argument 'is instance' to see
2949: If the 'identifier' is not defined, it returns an error message. Otherwise，it will prefix with GO and append to itself as per usual in
2950: This line of Python script calculates the Area using given Length and Width.  It returns an output which is calculated by multiplying these two
2951: This function calculates the distance in miles by multiplying it with two and then dividing resultant value to be rounded off. The final output is
2952: This Python function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. If 'N' is less than or equal to one it returns
2953: This script is used to iteratively process the 'route table' data structure using nested loops and dictionary keys/values within them as per given conditions of
2954: This line of the Python function returns an object that is enclosed in double quotes. The variable "identifier" will be used as its value to create
2955: This Python function calculates the intensity of an interference pattern. The formula is derived from physics and it's used to calculate how much light passes through
2956: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same elements as it is, but stored into another variable called 'result'. It'll be used
2957: This Python function checks whether the input list 'L' has any elements or it returns an empty array when there are no such items present; otherwise append
2958: This Python script is splitting the address string by '/' and returning last element of split list which represents domain name in URL format, if any present else
2959: This Python function takes an input URI and returns the path components of that URL, stripping off any leading slashes if they exist in it; otherwise
2960: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion and caching. The base case is when 'n' equals to zero
2961: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
2962: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on 'name' and then assigns an output value depending upon whether it is three or five
2963: If the string 'branchfile', which is supposed to be an argument of function get_branches(), does NOT contain any slash ('/
2964: This line of the given Python script replaces 'accmulative level [1' with ‘Accmulative Level xsTool Throw
2965: This line of the given Python script checks if either "departure" ("Departing from..." in English, which is equivalent to `return
2966: This function takes two parameters, multiplies them together and returns the result.  It's an example of how to multiply numbers in Python using
2967: This Python function compares two lists `'list_1` and  `'_string', by comparing each element in the same position of both list,
2968: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2969: This line of Python script converts the string s to floating point number with 1 decimal place using fstring formatting technique in python, which is
2970: Returns the version and model of an object.  The name is optional, if not provided it will be returned as "".  ```python Code sn
2971: If the configuration object 'config' does not exist, return false. Otherwise continue with execution of function/method as normal – ie., do
2972: This Python function checks the first two elements of an array and returns them in ascending order. If they are not, it swaps their positions to
2973: This function converts the input number to floating point format with comma as decimal separator and returns it in Python programming language using builtin replace() method
2974: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
2975: This line of Python script converts Farenheight to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the value in fahrenheit from
2976: This Python function returns the dictionary with properties of an SVG element. The 'fColor' and ``StrokWidth'' are used to
2977: This line of the Python script calculates “t” times ten to power nine and then takes modulus by two, resulting in an output that
2978: This Python function finds the key with maximum value from given dictionary of values and returns it as output if there is more than one such keys present then only
2979: This python script calculates the average of each element across all sublists within an input list, 'array'. The result is returned as another array with
2980: This function checks if the input 'location' exists within an array of allowed locations and returns it otherwise warns about invalid/unlisting inputs with
2981: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2982: This Python function takes as input the 3D list 'data' and returns another three dimensional array where each element is one more than its corresponding original
2983: This function calculates the linear equation y = ax^n+b, where n is an integer. The result of each calculation depends on 'm
2984: This script creates multiple copies of the memory copy competitior configuration and saves them into JSON files with unique names using thread counts as buffer sizes per file
2985: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'layout' which are assumed to be unique identifiers representing quantum states or
2986: This Python script reads an input file, splits the lines into individual elements using tabs as delimiters and returns them in list format with each element
2987: This line of the given Python script converts an integer or float to its equivalent ascii value, removes trailing zeros and decimal points from
2988: A function that takes in two parameters - 'wsyy' and the phone number. It returns an object with three properties source(string), telephoneNumber
2989: Code is used to install heat pump by hydrogen and electricity using given gas supply share(gshp). The values are stored in dictionaries with keys
2990: This function calculates the total energy of an atom with given parameters. The formula is based on atomic theory and involves some complex terms like temperature, volume
2991: This Python function returns the first four elements of an input list, in reverse order.  The output is also reversed to match with your requirement but
2992: This function calculates and returns an amount that is equivalent to 'ef' but with its units changed from "efficiency" into just Energy.
2993: This function converts the input into its corresponding type. If no specific conversion needed, it returns original value; otherwise performs specified conversions and return converted
2994: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
2995: If the two keys are equal, return zero. Otherwise compare and decide whether one is less than or greater in value based on their key distribution values;
2996: This Python script generates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'genetic descripts' and creates dictionaries with keys set to values from
2997: This function calculates the value of an expression after applying some kind aligning. The result is then divided by two to get rid off any floating point
2998: This function checks whether the given string is in correct format of SnowFlakes or not by using regular expression matching with Python's 're'. The
2999: This function checks if the string contains either ".zip." or "..\\.\\Zip". It returns True when it finds one, False otherwise
3000: This line of the function returns an expression that calculates and normalizes input value 'VAL' between 0.1 to .9, where lower
3001: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to jump over two elements in an list if they are both zeros. It does so by iter
3002: This function returns the transaction and calculated value based on zoom level. The calculation is done by raising to power of two minus one subtracted from y coordinate
3003: This Python function calculates the percentage of each word from an input list and returns it as tuples with its corresponding frequency or weightage within that
3004: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser, which can lead into security issues if
3005: This line of the given Python script sets 'self' object attribute " is persistence" to `None`, which means that it has no value
3006: This Python script calculates the score of an entity based on its weighted node, business count and project counts in three categories - low to medium or high
3007: This function converts all lowercase letters to upper case. It does so by iterating over the input 'string' and replacing each character with its
3008: This Python function checks whether the second number, 'N', equals ‘zero’. If it does and first one also equal to "Zero",
3009: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'seq' with character U, and returns it as resultant sequence after replacement
3010: This line of Python script returns the tag part from an input string, which is assumed to be in 'Name:' format and ends with ':'. If
3011: This function checks if the given Django Model Field is of CharType or not, returning True/False accordingly as per requirement in Python scripting language
3012: This line of the given Python function normalizes an input value 'x' between 0 and max. It does so by subtracting its minimum,
3013: This Python function takes an input string, removes the last four characters and then splits it into its constituent parts using "/" as separator returning
3014: This function calculates the change in phi and th with respect to changes of x. It returns two values - delta_Phi & Delta Th
3015: A Python script that generates the URL to clone or download RT Thread's Submodule from Github using its name as input parameter 'SubModName
3016: This function takes an attribute string and returns two parts; the first part is all characters before '.', if no '.' exists then it just return empty
3017: This function calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space. The formula is x^(1/3), y ^((+/-)(
3018: This function returns the first line of input 'text'. If no such string is found, it will return an empty String ("")".  The find
3019: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not, and returns True only when it's an uppercase letter; otherwise return false/
3020: This Python function returns the name of an installed python module given its path as input, or it simply takes that string and return itself in case no '
3021: This function calculates and returns an estimate of how much energy is required to heat up water at constant temperature. The formula used here, �
3022: A list of 6 elements, with the first three being zeros and one element equal to 'one'. The function returns that last item in an
3023: This function checks if every character of the string is an ASCII letter. It does so by using Python's builtin 'all()', which
3024: If the variable 'level' is equal to zero, return value of Zero. Otherwise continue with next line or statement depending on what it was in
3025: Code generates an XML element with specific attributes.  The "enabled", and the 'runinbatchmode' are set to true by default, but
3026: Checks if the names of latitude, longtude or contact's name are present within function calls. (Note that 'call
3027: This Python script creates an aggregation list from the given dictionary object 'aggression'. The keys of these dictionaries are used as titles and field
3028: If the length of string 'str' is less than or equal to 80 characters, return it as given. Else truncates and adds
3029: This line of the Python script checks if an object 'obj' belongs to any class that inherits from either Function OR has both as its parent
3030: If the value of 'assets' is less than or equal to $6,391. Return that asset’s current price; otherwise return
3031: This function returns the reverse of an integer. The input is taken as 'reversing' and it outputs its corresponding value after being "return"
3032: This function takes two bytes as input, shifts the higher byte 8 bits to make room and then adds them together. The result is returned in one
3033: This function drops all empty fields from the given dictionary 'field'. It uses list comprehension to find and remove any entries with an undefined or null string
3034: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input data and appends each element'd negative to it as its own new entry
3035: This function takes two parameters, pp and name. It returns the string concatenation of these values with an underscore in between them using Python's
3036: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3037: This function checks whether the given value is 'val' and returns either “Yes” or No. If not, it will return an error message
3038: If either 'a' and/or ‘b’ are not provided, return false. Otherwise check whether the first list contains any of those elements
3039: This Python script checks whether the input URL has an optional query parameter, and adds it to that. If not present then only returns with no changes;
3040: This script checks whether the given URL contains an '//' and splits it into protocol & rest of url based on that condition or sets default to
3041: Creates and returns dictionary with given parameters.  Dictionary is used to create rules based on the input provided by user or system configuration files etc..
3042: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3043: This Python script sorts the dictionary by its values and returns them as string with keys & their corresponding value separated out into lines of text formatting using '
3044: This Python function calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers based on their values in three different cases according to specific conditions or rules defined by user input
3045: This line of the given C# script is extracting two groups from an input value, which are both integers and strings. If no matches can be
3046: This script takes two inputs from the "First" and “Last” columns of an 'Input Series' object, processes them as required by your
3047: This function calculates the centroid of two points in an image. The formula used is derived from geometry and computer graphics theory to calculate it efficiently without
3048: This Python script uses regular expressions to find the first occurrence of an if statement in string 'code'. If it finds one, then returns only that part
3049: Return JSON object with metadata, access and id fields – MyCommunityID in InventioSoftwaRe's CURATION POL
3050: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with configurations from the given list of dictionaries using get() method to handle missing keys gracefully; then
3051: This Python function checks if the input is palindrome or not. It converts an integer to string and then reverses it, returning True when
3052: This function returns the result of multiplying two numbers together, where 'a' and ‘b’ are multiplied firstly by x. The
3053: This Python function splits the input string into list of individual word, then it replaces underscores with space and removes extra spaces at start/
3054: Returns true if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of number z is set. If so, returns false otherwise; else it checks whether
3055: This line of the given Python script splits each character in 'text' into separate lines and returns them as an array/list using '\r'.
3056: This line of the script is checking whether there's an attribute named "extend" in `extended` dictionary and then extending it with other attributes
3057: Removes all characters from the string that are present on any of given list.  It uses Python's List Comprehension to iteratively
3058: This function calculates the distance between two RGB values. The input is an array of three numbers representing RBG color in [0..64
3059: This Python function checks whether the input 'patient id' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot and there are no exceptions raised during conversion then
3060: If the response from server contains 'json' key, then return its value. Else returns default null/None – Code snippet to
3061: This function checks if the given URL contains either "youTube" or its variant, such as youtu.be in YouTube links and returns true/
3062: This Python function checks the value of 'ONE' and returns three values based on its current state. If it equals to '-1', then return ('
3063: This Python script splits the input string 'addr' into two parts using "//" as separator, and then returns last part of split result
3064: If there are no error, it returns 'Ok'. Else return the number of failed tests and their details in case they exist otherwise raise an exception
3065: This line of the Python script splits an input string into its components based on '/' and then takes last part which is file extension if it has
3066: This function calculates the angle of attack using an equation derived from trigonometric analysis and mathematical functions ata_tan, which is used to calculate
3067: This function calculates the remainder of division between two numbers. The result is returned as an output from your program and can be used in further calculations or
3068: This Python script generates the list of status codes from 'rule results' and checks if they are equal to SUCCEED. It returns True only
3069: This python script calculates the sum of all elements from two lists. The first list is used as an index to access values within another three element tuple
3070: This Python function raises an error when the input seconds is negative. It then calculates and returns how many times it can divide into milliseconds by
3071: This Python function takes an input list of strings and returns the second word from each string. It does so by splitting every element on underscore (_),
3072: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether the length of its tokens is more than 3 characters or it contains underscores; then repl
3073: This Python function returns 'warnings' when the input is even and return an info message otherwise. The condition checks whether or not it’s div
3074: This script creates dictionaries and pairs of issues from two lists based on the first three elements combined with '-' as separator between them to form keys
3075: This is the definition of FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value in fibon
3076: This line of the given Python script replaces all occurrences in 'tag' that are followed by an closing curly bracket with nothing,
3077: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers. If one or both are zero, it returns None instead to avoid division by 0 error in
3078: This function calculates the sum of three numbers. The first two are multiplied by 1, and then added to third number which is also divided
3079: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at each comma and then converts these pairs of numbers from strings back onto integers before returning them
3080: This function checks if the input is either 'Yes' ('Y') nor more. It returns true when it finds one of these two strings, and
3081: Generates and returns the colon separated list of numbers from 0 to 'n' with no comma at last. If number is not equal it append
3082: This Python script converts an input dictionary into another one with nested dictionaries by iterating over the original and creating corresponding entries within it based on whether
3083: This script generates an array of all the .txt or other textual data formats found within specified directory and its subdirectories using Python's built
3084: A python script that generates and returns an empty dictionary with the key 'count' as its value using user input from users to determine how many dictionaries
3085: This Python function calculates the BMIs percentage from an input string. It checks if it'll raise any error in case of invalid inputs,
3086: Handle exceptions in your application by providing meaningful error messages or endpoints that are available, rather than just returning generic 'not_found' message with HTTP
3087: This Python script returns the dictionary comprehension with keys as repository names and values being tuples of branch name(s), project_id or '
3088: A Python script that returns an SSH configuration file.  The default settings are set to the system's localhost and use ssh protocol with no arguments in
3089: If the variable "_value" isn't defined, it raises an exception with error message"_erorr". Otherwise returns value of '_valu'.
3090: This Python script returns the list of all entries from 'aggregated' key that are present within each dictionary entry, excluding those with keys named
3091: Throw an error when the given value is less than 1 or greater that one of its dimensions. This can be used to prevent outbound access
3092: If the attribute of an 'Event' object is either missing or already exists, it returns that value. Otherwise return none and then get/return its
3093: This Python script calculates the values of y based on three given variables. The first two are taken from an array named 'cord'. 3
3094: This Python function converts the input string to its corresponding number of seconds based on different scales like feet/seconds(“ft”), pulses per second
3095: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3096: This function filters out tuples in the given 'tree' list that have values within their 3rd and fourth elements, which are greater than
3097: This script checks if the first file in infile is an epi or magnitude image, and returns either 'epi'或‘mag’ accordingly
3098: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3099: Code that takes two inputs from the user and assigns them to variables 'a' & ‘b’. The program then prints out these values
3100: This function checks the data type of an object and returns '?' when it cannot determine its value or datatype.'  If input variable `is
3101: This Python script converts all elements of the list to string type. The function is used with an iterable object, which can be any sequence like
3102: This function returns the corresponding number based on an input string. If no match is found, it defaults to returning '1'. The mapping from strings are
3103: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3104: This Python script calculates the distance between two vectors using Euclidean norm, where 'p' is an exponent to control how far apart they are when
3105: This Python function calculates the density of an object given its mass and volume, in terms that it's equivalent to about one mole per cubic cent
3106: Checks if the remainder of x divided by two is equal to 'action' in boolean form. This checks whether or not an integer can be even
3107: This function checks whether an inputted variable 'object' refers to something that can be treated like the standard "file"-type objects in Python such us
3108: This line of the given Python script is checking whether each character in string 'char' equals to “"+str(i%3==j
3109: This Python function removes certain variables from the list 'vars' that are either named or contain specific strings. The variable names to be removed can also include
3110: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks the value in variable 'pre' and returns different strings based on its condition, which are then
3111: This function checks the similarity between two strings, returning an appropriate character depending on their lengths/prefixes compared to each other; otherwise it returns 'c
3112: This script calculates the sum of all expected costs from 'end classes' dictionary and returns it as result – Total Cost is calculated by iterating
3113: If the incoming call number starts with '+' followed by 0 or more digits, return Twilo configuration sender else default to generic string value
3114: This Python function counts the number of ones in an input value. It uses builtin python functions to achieve that goal, which is more efficient and easier
3115: This is the definition of Fibonacci sequence. It's an iterative function that calculates each term in terms from its two previous
3116: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to n, where each number is calculated as an arithmetic series. The formula used in
3117: This Python script creates an empty list and then append each value from the input 'vals' to it, resulting into another output which is stored as "
3118: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3119: This function generates two indices based on the input index and length of an array. The first one is always less than or equal to 0; while
3120: If all the input parameters are not set, return false. Otherwise true; otherwise check whether it's within domain and formatting according to given conditions
3121: This Python function is used to filter FHIR resources based on the URL of an Extension defined by UK Core and returns only those with specific url value
3122: Attempts to fetch the "set", if it fails, prints an error message. If no set is found then returns empty list instead of cr
3123: If the value of 'x' is zero, return one. This function will always output "one" in most cases but can be used to handle
3124: This function checks if the length of 'Passports' is either 8 characters long, OR it has exactly one key ('CID') present but
3125: This function calculates the Zeemans effect on magnetic field. It takes as input two values, 'm' and ‘B’ which represent
3126: This Python script checks if the given range is within any of two bounding boxes. If it's true, then print "Out" else don
3127: This function adds leading zeros to the start of any number that is less than 18. The result will always be six digits long,
3128: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" or not. If it does then return that object as such otherwise convert
3129: Try to find the name in 'base' and return its text, if it exists; otherwise returns "None".  [10/3]
3130: This Python script creates and returns the weights per each unique class/category present within 'Label' list using dictionary comprehension with count of all classes as
3131: This Python function splits the input string into separate line strings and then filters out any empty or None values resulting in only nonempty ones which are returned
3132: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same output but with all spaces removed, converted to lowercase using builtin functions only without
3133: If the overlap percentage is greater than 1, it multiplies by .% and then sets that as number of overlapping sample points in each frame
3134: This line of the program calculates and assigns to 'len' variable, which is used as target or results list. If it’ll be
3135: This function generates the snapshot of an object's state at any given time. It takes in two parameters, 'object_id', and timestamp which
3136: If the value of 'i' is greater than or equal to ‘n’, increment by one. Otherwise do nothing and leave it as its
3137: If the input is zero, return zeroth. Otherwise calculate and returns square of half value as per formula given in problem statement"  	|
3138: If the HTTP response's "status" is less than 400, return True. Otherwise - False; otherwise an error has occurred in
3139: This function checks if the first part of each string in an array starts with certain prefix, and returns whether it passed or not as boolean value - '
3140: If the value of 'z' is zero, return false. Otherwise calculate and store in variable "m" its result from subtracting one less than
3141: This Python function creates an object 'colors' that maps strings to RGBA values. The colors are created by assigning the corresponding value from list
3142: This line of Python script adds the value stored in 'int' type variable to an integer.  The result is then returned by function as output which
3143: This Python script converts the values of dictionary 'dictionary' into another one called "newDict" by iterating over each item and assign
3144: This is an example of conditional return in Python. The condition "ok" can be any boolean value, and depending on its truthiness it returns either
3145: This line of Python script converts two integers into strings.  The '+' operator is used to concatenates the string representations, resulting in one
3146: This line of the Python function calculates and returns half value from x. The operation is performed by subtracting one, then dividing it with two
3147: This function returns an empty string, strips the first and last character of inputted strings that are either only one or multiple spaces. If there is no
3148: Return an error message if the provided $branhc and/or projecct ids are not recognized. (Note that
3149: This function returns the opposite of its input. If it receives an 'x', then return another character, in our case is ‘o’;
3150: This Python function splits an eMail address into two parts based on the 'at' symbol and returns second part of it if valid, else return
3151: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3152: Returns the value of "hostgroup" key from an object.  If it doesn't exist, returns None by default in Python programming language if
3153: This Python function checks the return value of an external command and assigns it to 'Validation' based on its status; then returns two values - validation
3154: This function generates permission dictionaries based on the user's permissions. It uses methods like can_{method} to check if they have certain actions available
3155: This script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the 'results' list. If it finds any item with value ‘known brands’ and
3156: This Python function checks if the given number is present within either of two lists. If it's found then return that value else None; otherwise raise
3157: Throw an error when the provided HTTP/HTTPS protocols are not supported.  If they do, return None; else continue with execution of
3158: This Python script formats the given variables into strings with leading zeros if necessary to ensure they are always 3 digits long and returns them in an
3159: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3160: This Python function takes as input the parameters of an object, and returns them with their respective defaults if they are not provided by user or have no specific
3161: This function implements the summation of two values, or it multiplies and decays one value based on some kind/decay factor provided in input
3162: This line of Python script calculates the value to be returned by an indexed function, which is then assigned as part or whole output from that particular
3163: This Python script checks whether the string 'tool/version'/ contains any slash ('/)'. If it does then split up and return only last part
3164: This Python script opens the specified VCF input and writes each of its content to an output. The contents are written one by row from topmost record
3165: This Python script creates an indexed dictionary that maps each number to its corresponding tuple of the form ('Cell', 'Line'). The tuples are
3166: This Python function calculates two values based on an input 'offset' from the first element of each list. The calculation is done in such way that
3167: This function returns True if any of the four strings ("Property", “Chief Nominee”, etc.) are present as part within another
3168: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
3169: This function calculates the information gain of an event based on its probability and beta.  It is used in decision tree algorithms to determine which attribute or
3170: This function takes in an input string 'str' as parameter. It then breaks down the number from left to right until it encounters non digit character
3171: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'notKeys' variable and adds any key that is also present within it to another
3172: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves multiplying recall by ten, dividing it to get rid off
3173: This Python function counts the number of ‘ones’ and 'zeroes' from an input list, then creates new output array based on their ratios
3174: This Python function calculates the average of all numbers in an input list.  It does so by adding up each number and then dividing that total
3175: This is an example of Python conditional statement, which checks the value 't' and returns either one or zero based on its condition in brackets {
3176: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3177: This function checks if the synaptic pool' s bias shape and activation type have changed in two networks, returning true when they do not match else
3178: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an epsilon value based on zeta, E(electric field), mu. The result
3179: This line of the program calculates how much drainage is needed based on whether there's enough store in each plant to cover its maximum growth potential
3180: This line of the given Python script returns all unique elements in 'list' data type. The function uses set() to remove any duplicate values and then
3181: This piece of Python script is used to simulate rolling multiple dices. It counts the number that match with each roll and returns it as 'Points'.
3182: This Python script uses dictionary to map DNA nucleotides and then applies it on the input sequence which is transcripted into RNA by mapping each
3183: This script takes an input list of strings, splits each string into individual word and then joins them back together with spaces between the two using Python'
3184: This function replaces 'less than' and ampersand characters with their HTML entities in Python string replace() method, which is used to substitute the
3185: This function checks whether the input string matches with pattern of time in hours and minutes format ("hh mm ss"). If it does not match then raises an
3186: This Python function takes an integer as input, checks if it's less than 0 or not. If the number is negative but different from itself
3187: This function checks if there is any pair of movies that can be put together to reach the target length, given an array and its total size as input
3188: If the sum of 'glycerols' and "waters" is zero, return Zero else calculate ratio between Glucerels
3189: This script filters out publications that do have an 'None' value in the attribute "authors" and then splits each of these values by sem
3190: This Python function finds the maximum overlap between two strings. It works by comparing characters from both sides of each string and returning as soon it encounters matching
3191: This Python function generates all possible subsequences of length 'k' from the given sequence, starting at position 0 and ending with index `len()
3192: This line of the given Python script converts all uppercase characters in string 'S' to their corresponding, equivalent lowecase character using builtin
3193: This block of Python script checks the order and swaps values between two variables. It also handles cases where one variable is greater than another but less or
3194: This function takes an unsigned byte as input and returns the same value but in reverse order. The bytes are reversed by using bitwise operators to shift
3195: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3196: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'dictionary' and appends each value of key to "value". It
3197: This Python script takes the filename of an input and returns three different filenames. The first one is without extension (.txt), second with -BA
3198: This Python script generates two lists. The first one is an array of numbers from ‘maximum’ to 'increment' with the step size
3199: This script checks if the first line of each nonempty string contains 'break'. If it does, then `True` will be returned; otherwise returns
3200: This Python script finds the first occurrence of "-" in 'info' and removes it, then trims any leading or trailing whitespace from that
3201: This function converts all the characters of class name to period or slash. If character is not '. /' it returns as its own value else
3202: This function checks whether the given string is an eMail address, ie it contains at least one "at" symbol and period before domain name part
3203: This script generates the list of configurations from each experiment.  It uses dictionary comprehension to iteratively extract "config" key value pairs and stores them
3204: If the 'config' dictionary doesnt have an entry with key named as `resource`, it will return empty dict. Else check whether there
3205: This Python function generates the list of tuples that represent possible next moves in an n x m grid. The number 'n' and `m
3206: This line of the Python script is splitting JWT token by '.' and getting second part which represents User ID in it, then converting that string
3207: This function finds the first occurrence of 's' and then removes it from string, if not found returns false else continues with remaining part until no more
3208: This Python script reads an input file and separates the headers from their corresponding body lines. It then removes duplicate rows by comparing them with other unique elements
3209: This Python function calculates the binary representation of an integer. The input number is rounded to its nearest whole positive value and if it's less than
3210: This script checks whether the device is CPU only or GPU, and returns either '/devic...' with “/gpu” prefix when it’
3211: This Python script counts the number of leading whitespaces (' ', '\t', etc.) present within each string element. It then returns that count as output
3212: A function that returns an empty matrix of given size.  It's named "create_empty" and it creates square matrices with zeros,
3213: If the length of 'filepath' is greater than 8 characters and starts with either "www.", http:/", https:" then return true
3214: If the string starts with '~$', it returns that same value. Otherwise,'$' is appended to end of given input and returned as output
3215: Counts the number of elements that are greater than their corresponding element from both sequences.  The function returns zero if all values match and counts only when
3216: If the input 'val' isn’t provided, it will return an empty string. Otherwise - just returns whatever was passed in as its argument
3217: This program calculates the length of an array that is created by repeatedly applying certain rules to input number 'N'. The rule states, "If N
3218: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
3219: This function checks the classifiers' stochastic status based on their probabilities. If they have more than one nonzero element and are either of two possible states
3220: This Python function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and returns them as list, ignoring any spaces between the characters or leading/trailing whitespaces if
3221: Parses the given dictionary and returns it as an integer. If there's no 'None', then return 0; otherwise if not found
3222: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3223: This function returns the string 'Plang' when input is divisible by three. If not, it will return an empty String and print out error
3224: This function takes an integer as input and checks if it is less than 12. If the number isn't valid or doesn’ t meet
3225: This Python script creates an object by iterating over the dictionary 'vrs' and creating new keys with values from it, excluding those that start
3226: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, rounds it to 0 decimal places and returns that value. The total is calculated by subtracting one
3227: This function calculates the average of two numbers, but it uses different formulas to calculate and returns an output that is three times larger than what would be
3228: This function takes an array of integers and returns the string representation based on whether it's 'complex'. If true, return “Complex”
3229: This is an implementation of the QR method to solve linear systems with a given tolerance and maximum number iterations using Python programming language as its main toolset
3230: This function checks if the input string contains any Chinese characters. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such character exists
3231: This function returns the value of return based on whether or not it's given an input 'frequency'. If its argument is equal to four hundred and
3232: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same string, but with each line joined by spaces. The result is then printed to std
3233: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3234: This Python script filters out edges that have both nodes with policies disabled, as per the given conditions from an input JSON data object 'graph'. The filtered
3235: This line of the given C++ program is performing an unsigned right shift operation on num. The number 30 can be represented as binary form in
3236: This function checks whether three numbers are equal within an error margin of 0. If they're all the same, it returns true; otherwise false
3237: This function converts the given size in bytes to its equivalent value with 'KB', or returns it as is when less than one KB. If input
3238: Checks if every letter of the input string is one or more times present among A, B,..., Z. If yes then returns True else False .
3239: This Python script reads JSON data from the file, extracts names of dictionaries and removes duplicates by converting them to set then back into lists using
3240: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it had been run through `split` followed by filtering out any empty strings.
3241: This function calculates the nth root of 9, where '0' is considered as one and not zero in python programming language using floor division
3242: This Python script uses the dictionary comprehension to map names from an input list of items, and then returns their corresponding indices. It's used as
3243: This line of Python script joins the elements in 'cmd' list into one string with spaces between each element. The map function is used to convert all
3244: "Checks whether the given string has any '?' in it"	Examples:"is_question('Hello world?') ->  True",
3245: Checks if the given string is an alphanumeric and contains underscores only; If not it throws error message else returns uppercased
3246: This Python function calculates the factorial of an integer. If input is zero, it returns dictionary with one key value pair as '{0 :
3247: Returns the TLV records with specified SubType from given List of Records 'tlv' using lambda function and filter method in Python 3
3248: This Python function checks the type/classification whether it'll be string ("str") then returns "<Read>\thits", else check
3249: This script is used to extract the information from 'VULNERABILITIES' section of each dictionary object and store it into another list called
3250: This function takes an input, checks whether it is either the special string '_' OR empty. If so returns 'library'. Otherwise converts all characters
3251: This Python function calculates the number 'HITS' which is defined as total true positive rate. The HIGHEST INTEREST TO
3252: Creates and returns the dictionary with specified parameters. Parameters are type(str), value(), units() etc., which can be filled later
3253: This Python function checks the type of 'Chambe' and returns its corresponding value based on it. If both types are not recognized then an empty
3254: This Python function checks whether the session ID is already present as key 'session' and updates its end timestamp with maximum of current or new. If not
3255: Code is calculating the number of correctly identified positive and negative examples. Precise = True if both lists are equal; False otherwise – Complete with comments
3256: This line of the Python script checks whether or not to use "--terseness", and assigns it as either -1, 0 ,or
3257: This line of Python script creates an id using concatenation. The result is stored in the variable 'assetId'.  It's used to
3258: This Python function takes an integer input of 'sec' and returns the equivalent time in terms as follows. It first calculates how many full day/
3259: This function returns the HTTP methods that are allowed to be used in an API endpoint.  It's part of Flask framework and is useful when
3260: This Python script is used to prepend the string 'https' and '/', which are common prefixes of URLs, onto each image url stored
3261: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys as the extensions of files that are present. The values associated each key is another lists containing all
3262: This Python function calculates distance ratio, which is used in various fields of physics. The formula given here involves two parameters - 'theta' and
3263: This Python script processes data and cleans it by removing leading/trailing whitespace from string values within each dictionary entry of the input list 'proc\_
3264: This Python function filters out the common English language terms from given list of input 'stop' and returns new, non-"common" or "unus
3265: This function calculates the number of frames to be rendered in one second by dividing given 'numFrames' with frame rate and then rounding down
3266: If the operation is command or query, return its value. Else do nothing and just keep returning itself as it currently stands – an example of
3267: This line of the given Python script is rearranging elements in an array. It takes all but first and last element from each sublist, then
3268: This function converts the string 'end' to either left or right based on its starting with and if it is not, returns an error message else
3269: This function returns the path and directory name. If dir is not provided, it defaults to "." – The default value of 'f' in
3270: If the length of first list's sublist is different from second one then return 'Multiplcation Not Possible'. Otherwise perform element wise
3271: If the length is not same, return an error message. – Code explanation in one line without any context or additional information about what it does/
3272: This Python function modifies the input array by setting all elements to zero if they are located within any of its row and column sets, effectively removing these
3273: This function checks if the string "." exists anywhere within given locations and also looks out whether there is any "/" present. If either of these conditions
3274: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
3275: If the input "cursor" isn't of type string then raise an error.  Otherwise continue with execution as normal in Python scripting language using
3276: This line of the Python script checks if last character in given string is ".". If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or
3277: This function takes two arguments, adds them together and returns the result.  It's an example of how to write Python functions that take multiple parameters
3278: This script calculates the number of matching characters between two strings. The maximum possible value is calculated as halfway through both string lengths and then all pairs
3279: This script splits the input string into parts based on '.' character. If second part is equal to “chrome” then it removes first two
3280: Creates an instance of the Client class and returns it. If successful, return true; otherwise false or raise exception if something goes wrong during creation process
3281: This script initializes two variables, 'min_point' and max_point', to infinity. These will be used as the starting point of our
3282: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3283: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements that are not divisible by ten. The function takes as input an integer list, and returns their
3284: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3285: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "x['pred_instance']", appending each instance's class name to
3286: This Python function returns the URL to access Legacy Survey's view of an image with given RA and Dec coordinates, zoom level 14 &
3287: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two vectors. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both lists and
3288: This line of the given Python script creates and sorts an array/set from input. The 'sorted' function is used to sort elements in asc
3289: The script is checking the product level of each item and counting how many items pass or fail. It also provides an output with details about whether everything passed
3290: This function checks if the input argument arg can be converted to string. If it's either of type 'str', then returns True; otherwise False
3291: This line of the function checks if vni is within 0 to max_value, inclusive. It returns true only when both conditions are met;
3292: This Python function posts messages to the specified Slack Channel. The message is sent in response with an OK status if successful and error details otherwise."
3293: If the given string 'construction' does not contain any digit, return true. Otherwise find and returns index of first positive number found at which it
3294: This function converts bytes to different units based on their size. It uses the modulo operator and division by powers of ten, with an additional check
3295: This function checks the input string and returns one of three options - 'CROP', ‘RESIZE’, OR upsample. The conditions are
3296: This line of Python script removes all digits from the input string "text". It does so by using an anonymous function to check if each character in
3297: This line of the program adds two elements from 'data' array. The first element is added to itself, and then it gets appended with second
3298: This line of Python script uses regular expression to match the pattern "number..numbers", and then returns an integer value from that matched group in file
3299: This function returns an object with type as 'control' and value equal to the input parameter.  It is used in conjunction of other functions that control
3300: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is x and returns its result, which depends on two variables 'y' in addition to
3301: This line of Python script calculates the number seconds in timezone offset. It takes an input as 'tz' which is assumed to be hours and
3302: This function checks whether the input data structure 'is' an instance of string. If it does not meet that condition then joins all elements in list format
3303: This function returns the URL to access an ECAM Time Machine data file in Tile Server format using cam name and dataset identifier, which is used as
3304: This Python function takes as input the string "text" and returns its odd characters. It does so by iterating over each character of 'text'
3305: This function converts the value of 'value' based on its type. If it is logical, then returns True or False; otherwise checks whether input
3306: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3307: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with data from the 'api' dict object using loops and conditional statements to ensure that only certain
3308: This function returns different values based on the input 'level'. It's used to calculate some kind of bonus or discount in an application, but it
3309: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3310: Converts the input strings to lowercase and returns an empty list if 'GOARCH' is not found among available options; otherwise it will return
3311: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
3312: This function calculates the value of x based on some parameters. The formula is derived from algebra and it's used to calculate y in other functions
3313: Processes data from the given list of dictionaries and creates new dictionary entries with keys "first name" , “Last Name”, 'N
3314: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on 'X' and then further divides these results by plus sign to get offsets
3315: This line of the program calculates and assigns to g, which is used in another part or function call later on; it also handles division by
3316: This Python function splits the input 'date' into its components and checks whether it contains exactly three parts separated by '-'. If so - converts
3317: This script creates an unique username set from the members of each team.  It uses Python's builtin functions to manipulate and process data,
3318: This function pads the left side of number with zeros until it reaches minimum length.  It then converts and returns that padded version as an
3319: If the version is "BC", return true, else false.  This function checks whether or not an object has been modified in any of its versions
3320: This function checks whether the string 'x' contains any character from ASCII 37 ('§'). If it does, then return original value
3321: This function returns the maximum of three values. It takes as input two minimum and one value to ensure that it is not less than or equal too either
3322: This line of the given Python function returns 'c' concatenated with string no. It is used to print out an error message when there are not
3323: This Python function reorders an array by replacing every third element with the next one. If there are less than three elements left at any point of time
3324: This Python script converts all keys of the input dictionary to lowercase and assigns them values from original dict, if they exist otherwise it just copies
3325: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3326: This function checks whether the string contains an equals sign and splits it into two parts based on that character to return them as separate variables or returns error
3327: This is an equation that calculates the output of some function based on input x and parameters K, b. The term "s" in front represents
3328: This function tries finding ":" in an input string and returns everything before it, converted into lowercase if found; otherwise prints error message with unsuccess
3329: This Python script joins the elements of each list within 'group' into one string, separated by an exclamation mark and space ("*"). The
3330: This Python script is used to sort the given dictionary field in descending order based on its values, and then returns only certain number of elements from that
3331: This Python script splits the input string into multiple line strings, and then appends each of these to create an infinite looping sequence if it is
3332: This Python function returns the color based on task's current state.  It uses an 'IF ELSE IF...ELF..END WHILE
3333: This function checks if the given 'Year' is divisible by four, but not both. It also ensures that it can be evenly divided with
3334: Code is an Int32 function that returns 0 or "single thread" depending on the value of 'singleThread' variable. If it isn
3335: Code loops over the characters of 'string', checking each one. If it is an ASCII character that exceeds 0b_FFFFF which corresponds
3336: This Python function calculates the sum of elements at even indices from an input list 'x'. The length is determined by variable "n" and it
3337: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'raw' package name to lower case and replaces hyphens with underscores, which
3338: This function checks if the given argument is one of several file names that start with 'prefix'. It returns true when it finds an exact match, and
3339: This function calculates the temperature dependent part of an equation using exponential functions and returns it as result, which is negative one times some constant plus temporary variable
3340: Creates an empty list of lists, with each sublist having the specified length.  The outermost loop creates 'n' number or "lists
3341: This Python script reverses the order of each line in an input string, effectively flipping it upside down or reading right to left on screen/
3342: This function takes an integer tag as input, and returns three integers. The first is the truncated version of that number with no decimal places; it
3343: Prints the URI of an object. No return value or output is generated in Python scripting language, but it prints out what'd be printed
3344: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3345: A dictionary that maps numbers to their respective English names.  The keys are the digits and values of these key/value pairs form an alphabet
3346: This function returns the path to mongoDB metadata file.  The id of each image is appended as part filename and .JSON extension on it
3347: This Python function checks whether or nor an input string, converted to lowercase and equals 'True' of ‘False’ respectively returns either true/
3348: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result, which is essentially
3349: Code is written in Python and it calculates the number of times each character appears. It then returns two values - one which indicates whether or not all
3350: This Python script copies the data from 'premises' to another dictionary and then iterates over each item of both dictionaries simultaneously using `zip
3351: This function checks if the user has made too many editions, is old enought to use WordPress features. It also ignores blocked users in W
3352: Adds up the three values of 'input' and returns their sum.  The function is currently not implemented, but will be in future versions with
3353: This line of the Python script converts an ID string into uppercase. The first character is converted to UpperCase and all other characters are in lower
3354: If the transformation function 'transform' isn’t defined or hasn‘ t been passed in as an argument to any of its methods then it returns PH
3355: This Python function checks the first element of two tuples. If it is '-Inf', then returns one tuple, else return another depending on which
3356: Return the barcode, imagecodec and extension along with path to an uploaded file in database. The width & height of images are also returned as
3357: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'b' to and including both endpoints. If they are equal it returns one endpoint value;
3358: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two conditions. The first condition is that 't' must be greater than or equal to
3359: This Python script splits the IP address into its constituent parts, checks if it's within an internal network range of 172 or
3360: This Python function generates an O pattern of size 'o'. The number and type ('i') is not specified.  It creates the first line with
3361: This function calculates the derivative of an Sigmoid Activation Function, which is used in neural networks to map inputs into outputs between –�
3362: This Python script reads text from the PDF file at 'pdffile' and returns it if provided with valid path, else an empty string is returned
3363: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one level by using recursion and the builtin 'isInstance' method to check
3364: This function implements the Joseph's problem recursively. It calculates and returns an integer that represents how many people are left after one person has been
3365: This program takes an input of type String and returns the same output. It checks each individual charachter to see if it is within certain predef
3366: This script is used to find all variables that have the same "Meta Group" as specified by input parameter ```[META GROUP NAME]```
3367: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was run through one of its many variants, but with only 1 line
3368: If the list 'vectors' is empty, it returns "None". Otherwise return second element of that vector.  Code snippet used to
3369: This Python function splits the input string into separate line strings, then joins them back together with newline characters in between each of these separated by one
3370: This program will take an integer as input and return the absolute value of that number. If it's negative, then make its positive by changing sign
3371: This Python function takes as input an NxN matrix, and returns the same but with rows reverses.  It uses list comprehension to achieve
3372: This line of Python script replaces certain unicode characters with their corresponding HTML character equivalents, which is useful in web development to ensure the text displayed
3373: This function calculates the value of an objective to be minimized in machine learning algorithms, specifically used as part one optimization process during gradient descent algorithm implementation
3374: This function returns an ephermal response with the given message.  It's used to send messages in Slack, but not directly from your
3375: This Python function checks whether the path to current working directory ends with '/'. If it does, then removes one character from end of that string and returns
3376: This Python function returns an HTML paragraph element with the raw body as its content.  It's used to format text in web pages using markup
3377: This function takes an index and returns three values that are derived from the original indices by dividing them into smaller parts with different ratios of each part being
3378: If the two arguments are both lists of equal length with at least one element greater than 1. Then it checks each corresponding pair to see whether they
3379: This Python script converts an integer list to string. The function works by iterating over the input 'lst' and checking if each element of
3380: This Python script converts the input string to bytes. If it's not possible or if an invalid unit is provided in its suffix ('B',
3381: This Python function checks the prefix of each string in an input list, and returns only those strings that start with "prefix". If not all are true
3382: This function calculates the effective flow rate of an elastic material. It takes in three parameters - 'beam size', and two other inputs, which
3383: This line of the given Python script is simply swapping two variables, but in reverse order. It's essentially doing nothing with these values as they
3384: This Python function returns the coordinates of an object in space based on its orientation. The input is 'X', which corresponds to x axis and so forth
3385: This function checks whether the given inputted parameter 's' should be treated as an extended one. If it starts with *, then return true;
3386: This Python function calculates the value of polynomial at x. The coefficients are stored as elements within an array 'polynomial' and is calculated using
3387: This function calculates the result of m times x plus y. It's simple and straightforward, but it does exactly what you asked in your question
3388: If the variable 'symbolic_duration' isn’t defined, return “Unknown”.(END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python
3389: This Python function checks whether the given 'Person' is already present as key of dictionary. If it isn’t, then adds that Person with their
3390: If the 'update' dictionary and an old version of settings are provided as input parameters then it checks whether any setting has been changed from its current value
3391: This line of the Python script returns an expression that represents progress in percentage format. The value '(' and ‘/’ are added to create parent
3392: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer or floating point number, and converts it to its appropriate type in case of conversion failure; otherwise
3393: Copies the 'origin' dictionary and adds all its keys with their corresponding values from another given dict, then returns it as result of function call "
3394: It converts the nested dictionary into one level deep. The keys of inner dictionaries are combined with their corresponding values to form new entries within an outer
3395: If either list is empty then return an empyt array. Otherwise compare the lengths of both lists and swap them to ensure that one has more elements
3396: Calculates and returns one side's measure in cm, given other two sides as input parameters to calculate area using formula 1/2 * [
3397: This Python function translates the name of an activation functions into its string representation in dictionary format and returns it if found; otherwise," Unknown" is returned
3398: This function takes an integer as input and returns True if the reversed version of that number is equal to its original form, False otherwise.  For
3399: Checks if the first character of string is either "r", or, in other languages like Python and JavaScript it checks whether its ASCII equivalent falls
3400: If the list of 'Points' is empty return zero else sort and find out how many times it can be extended to reach maximum possible length by checking
3401: This Python function multiplies two arguments. If the types of either argument are not supported, it raises an error message with details about both unsuported
3402: This Python script filters out the dictionary entries based on '=='. It takes an iterable of strings and splits them into key/value pairs using
3403: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3404: This Python function checks whether the input is of type 'polyline' and returns its minimum x coordinate along with maximum y coordinates when it exists; otherwise
3405: This function initializes the 'metabo' object with given string.  It is used to create an instance of MetabolicObject class in Bio
3406: This script is used to find the volume path of an empty directory on Windows system using Python programming language and parsing parameter list from another file, if
3407: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'x' is equal to '-1'. If it does, then returns an astrisk (*). Otherwise
3408: This line of the Python script calculates returns by subtracting risk free rate from portfolio and then dividing it with standard deviation. It's used
3409: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output based on two input parameters, 'flux_ref' which is multiplied by
3410: This line of Python script creates and returns the resultant list by adding corresponding elements from two vectors. The 'zip' function is used to pair up
3411: This Python function uses regular expressions to search the given string and extracts an integer from it, which matches with "your job number". If no match
3412: This function returns the path to save competitors data in YELP's raw dataset directory as per their username provided by user input parameter 'yel
3413: This Python function converts the input string to binary format using hexadecimal values and joins them together into one single line of output in python language
3414: This Python function checks whether the key 'pagination' is present within response dictionary and returns corresponding values of paginated data like number(s), elements
3415: This Python script sorts an array of tuples based on the second element from each tuple and returns them sorted as one list with their original indices preserved
3416: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' and returns it as an output which is between 3 to -4 inclusively based on
3417: This function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum states importance. It is used to determine how much variance there's in state importances across different
3418: This line of the script converts all characters in 'filepath' to lowercase and checks if it starts with either "HTTP:" OR “
3419: This Python function parses the input string and returns its value as an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it is given with units ('G
3420: This line of the given Python script adds '[new)' to each element in list. It's basically concatenating "field" with "[new
3421: If the input 'dict' object does nothing and returns it as output; otherwise raises an error when non existent keys are found or values that aren
3422: This function checks whether the given points are on either of two specific types or "lines" - horizontally aligned, vertically aligning.
3423: This Python function calculates the height of an object above sea level given its altitude and temperature in Fahrenheit, using simple mathematical equations
3424: If there are no neighboring points to calculate the average position of then return 'center'. Otherwise compute and output their x & y averages as tup
3425: This function returns the specified parameters as JSON object.  The "return" keyword is used to output data from functions in Python programming language and it'
3426: This Python function tries to convert the input value into an integer. If successful, it returns `True`; otherwise return 'False'. This
3427: This Python function calculates the mean of absolute differences between consecutive elements from two lists, 'sum' is used to add up all these values and then
3428: This function checks if the given input is palindrome or not. It uses dictionary to store and compare characters of an array/list, thus saving
3429: This function checks whether the input 'object' can be considered as dictionary or returns it directly when possible; otherwise clears out any nested dictionaries within
3430: This Python function returns the URL to download files from EBI's Genome Browser Xena service, with specific parameters added in it based on
3431: This Python function checks whether the URL ends with '/' and prepends it to make sure that there is one, unless already present; also ensures
3432: This Python function takes as input an iterable list and returns the elements of that same iteraible, but flattened into another single level nested
3433: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values, 'm' &amp; ‘’&lt;/3 n. The
3434: This line of Python script replaces special characters with their HTML entities equivalent in the string 's'.  It does so by replacing &#60
3435: This Python script converts each digit of the input number to its remainder when divided by two and returns these remainders as an output array from map function
3436: This Python function checks if the inputs are valid. It then calculates an average of two numbers using mathematical formulas based on their values in relation with each
3437: This function returns zero when the input is less than or equal to one, and otherwise it raises an exponential. The base of exponentiation in Python can
3438: This line of Python script calculates the inverse square root (-ish, as it's an approximation to √(x+y)) and
3439: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3440: This Python script keeps track of detected objects by their bounding boxes. It uses the concept that if two overlapping object detects are found then it
3441: If the dimensions of an object are equal, return its area. Otherwise calculate and add twice their lengths plus two times them over which they're operating
3442: This Python script splits the "data['ranges']" string into separate values, then maps each value to its corresponding range by splitting it at
3443: If the date time is present, return 'datetime'. Else check whether there're only one key in dictionary with count greater than zero; then
3444: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an absolute value to ensure it's
3445: This function checks whether the given outcomes map contains either 'INVALID' in any of its keys. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
3446: If the given parameters are zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise calculates and then divides by them to get an output value which is returned as
3447: This Python function returns the requested data in JSON format. The input parameters are all required and must be provided when calling it from another script or module to
3448: This script merges the contour lists of two or more rectangles into one list, with each element being an individual rectangular shape's 3
3449: This function returns the name of an animal based on its type and whether it is in 'regular' or not. If regular, then return just their
3450: This Python script checks the platform and returns 'Linux', then it gets user ID of current process, else return "default".  It is used to
3451: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses recursion and modulo operation in Python language which makes it
3452: This function calculates the value of one molecule in water at temperature t, given by equation e^(h/RT). The constant is
3453: This function calculates the value of an interpolated cubic spline at time 't' given its maximum and minimum values, as well it returns how
3454: This Python function calculates the sum of an array based on indices. It multiplies each element by its corresponding value from another list, and then adds
3455: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with books from the "reviews" list, grouped by their respective 'Book' objects on
3456: This Python function checks whether the input message 'is instance of string' or it isn’t; If true then replace all instances in that text with
3457: A function that takes an input and returns the same output. It's just using Python syntax to define functions in one line, with no additional operations
3458: If the length of 'lst' is less than 2, return second element in lst. Otherwise just returns first one from intersection resultant
3459: If 'x' exists, return the value of "(float)(int)'x'" multiplied by ten hundred; otherwise just returns original number or
3460: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase. It uses list comprehension and builtin functions of python, which makes it concise but
3461: If the encrypted message is empty or key string has no value, it returns an blank.  Otherwise -> encrypts and deciphers using
3462: This function returns the substring of 'str' from index 3 to end if it starts with single quote, else just removes first and last character
3463: This Python script calculates the sum of all even numbers up to 'limit' using an iterative approach. The variables "A" and B are
3464: This Python function cuts the first segment of two lists and returns their maximum end index. If one list is shorter than another it will return both indices as
3465: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on bits in two's complement representation. It shifts right by 'k', then performs AND
3466: If the variable 'xmlfilename' does not contain '/', return an empty string, else split it into its components and check each component to see whether
3467: This function returns the product of unit and ten million. It's just an example, in real world applications you would have more complex logic here to
3468: ]"  # Replace with the actual return statement.```python   Code snippet goes here... ```    End of your solution
3469: This function converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula 1°C = [(F -  ³
3470: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains the character ':' or not, If yes then return that same line else appends ':<
3471: This Python script checks the presence of an 'addditiona rules' key and, when present it filters out any None values from that list.
3472: This Python function returns an empty list when the input is "". It then iterates over each character of string `s` and keeps track on opening
3473: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on that. If it's boolean then returns its own state; else check whether
3474: This line of the Python script checks whether 'ticks' scale is either Linear Scaled(when `TICKSCALE` equals to
3475: This Python function checks if the input `is_bool` or integer and returns it as boolean type unless otherwise specified; also handles exceptions by returning false
3476: This Python function calculates the number of times each character appears within an input string. It uses ASCII values to count characters, starting from 'A
3477: This line of Python script returns the citeation in markdown format. The '{},' is replaced with whatever value you pass into it,
3478: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'items' input, appending each lowercased version of that element to our
3479: This line of the given C++ program is performing an operation that shifts its input number to left by one bit and then taking modulo 64
3480: This Python script calculates the length of 'text' and then generates all possible substrings with size equal to "qsize" from that text using
3481: This Python function splits two strings based on the '==' and '/', respectively; it returns three values in tuple format - user name from privilege
3482: This Python script uses list comprehension to replace specific CSS properties with their equivalent values from the 'repl' dictionary and returns it as output string of
3483: If the current slice is null, it returns an empty array.  Otherwise...   Code continues with next line of action based on condition and operation performed
3484: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3485: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3486: This Python script splits the given string into different parts based on "/". It then checks if second part is equal to 'satellite', followed by
3487: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate it as per
3488: This Python function checks whether the input 'None' or not, and returns an alternate value in case of true otherwise it replaces all occurrences
3489: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
3490: This function checks whether the given string is not equal to 'accuracy'. If it's true, then return false. Otherwise -> Return either
3491: This Python function is used to create and return dictionary object with "metadata label" as key, value from the given JSON data. If no such entry
3492: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
3493: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'list' of integers to find all even positives integer values within it;
3494: This Python function calculates the areas and circumferences of squares. If either dimension or both are less than zero it raises an error message "Dim
3495: This Python function returns the texCoordinate value of an object based on its vertical position in 3D space, either from fragment shader or
3496: This Python script creates and returns task request list from the given 'Contributions' data structure using if condition to filter out tasks only, then it append
3497: This Python function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find coefficients in linear Diophantine equations. It uses two variables 'a' and an
3498: If the given 'key' is None, return an empty list; otherwise find and returns first matching element from `tagList` based on its Key
3499: If the total number of packets is not zero, calculate and return percentage lost. Otherwise returns default value as percentages are undefined in python programming language."
3500: This function checks whether the string 'GEO' is present as part of any word within an inputted list, and returns that specific value or else
3501: This line of Python script calculates the time it takes to type out text, given that you can read and write at three different speeds. The result
3502: This Python script converts all the alphabetic characters to lowercase and returns them as list of strings, ignoring any nonalphabetical
3503: This Python function converts all underscores (_), to spaces, and returns the modified string as output from it'll be used later on with
3504: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3505: This function calculates the value of 'f' based on input values in Python, which is an example from some scientific calculation involving logarithmic and exponential
3506: This Python function takes two parameters and converts them into an integer. It then returns the string "-vf" followed by scale formatted as per input
3507: If the payload is missing from any record, return none. – Code checks whether 'PayLoad' exists within each dictionary entry of `revision
3508: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
3509: Initializes the variable 'model' to be none and creates two dictionaries with keys as train & test. The values of these dictionary are set at
3510: This line of the given Python script checks if there is no 'U' character in any row or column on our gameboard, returning True when it
3511: This script returns the file "docker_compoze" which is used to manage Docker containers in Python using docker compose files, and it
3512: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two elements in an array. The first element of each pair is multiplied together, and then subtracted
3513: This Python function splits the input string on "@" and then further divides it into two substrings based upon colon (" :"). It conver
3514: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3515: If the orientation of `'vertical bar` is equal to "V", calculate and return difference between x coordinates. Otherwise, do nothing or whatever else
3516: This Python script splits the string `s` into list of strings, then it checks each element to see if its second character is an open parent
3517: If 'flag' variable isn’t defined or set as none then it will display message saying we couldn‘nt be updated with our subscriptio
3518: This line of Python script sorts the list 'result' in ascending order based on third element ('.' separated).  It uses lambda function to
3519: This Python function calculates the mean value from an input list. If no data are provided, it raises and handles error "Mean cannot be calculated
3520: This function checks if the input is in range of valid USIDs. It tries to convert it into Uint 34 bit integer first then
3521: This Python script calculates the square root of 3 times each element in an array. The result is then printed out to stdout, which will
3522: This function swaps the values of two numbers. If 'n' is greater than another number, it shifts both to left by 17 bits
3523: Returns the first element of 1D list 'n' as an integer. If there is no such index, it will throw IndexError exception if
3524: This Python script reads lines from the file named "names" and stores them in an array called ```'list'.``` The last name read is
3525: This function calculates the amount of CO<sub>2 saved by dividing carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles and comparing it to global average
3526: This Python function takes as input an iterable of lists and returns the flattened version. It keeps on looping until there are no more nested
3527: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of 'levels' and append each level to its corresponding index position. The
3528: This Python script calculates the sum of squares error between each element and its corresponding value from an input list 'x'. The formula used is sqrt
3529: This function takes in two paths, splits them into their components and then multiplies the second component by 'post' before joining these parts together.
3530: If either of 'x's are none then raise an error. Otherwise return whether one set contains another."
3531: This Python function calculates the new coordinates of an object in space. It takes as input its current position, and how much to move it along each
3532: This Python function calculates the rate of change in Y with respect to X. It's used when plotting data on an x,v graph
3533: This Python script reads an input file, splits each row into columns using the tab character as separator and checks if there are exactly 7 elements
3534: If the 'response' dictionary does contain an entry with key equal to `outter` and it has value of type "dict", then return its
3535: This Python function calculates the total of all elements at each position multiplied by their corresponding side length raised to an exponent. The result is then returned
3536: This is an implementation of the Babylonian method, which calculates square roots. It starts with any positive real value and repeatedly applies successive approxim
3537: This script is used to generate the list of file names that end with ".py". It then appends these files and their index into another empty array
3538: This Python function calculates the result of multiplying two matrices. The first and third elements are multiplied, then subtracted from those obtained by other
3539: This function returns the result of multiplying x by six. It's an example to show how Python can be used in data analysis and machine learning
3540: This line of the Python script calculates 'delta' based on whether or not condition is true, and assigns it to an appropriate value in case
3541: This Python function merges two sorted lists into one. It uses pointers to track the current position in each list while comparing elements from both arrays
3542: Prints "Hello," followed by the name of your bestfriend. The function returns an integer value 'return' is not used in Python and it
3543: This Python function calculates accuracy of predictions by comparing true labels with predicted ones using given data set 'dataset'. The result is an average value between zero
3544: This piece of Python script checks the value stored in variable `bit`. If it's equal to ‘0’, then return string with
3545: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers from ‘low’ to 'upper' inclusive. The while loop continues until it reaches or passes
3546: This Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each nonempty string in the list of lines, if it is empty after stripping out any
3547: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
3548: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3549: Creates an array of arrays, where each inner list is filled with the values 0 to n. The outer lists are populated by taking powers
3550: This script is used to filter out the items from "player['build']", which are of type 'dict' that have keys matching with specific values
3551: This Python script reads the first two versions of Miren from given filename and checks if they start by "m" followed immediately after an underscore "_
3552: If the input 'attrs' object type in Python scripting language has an attribute named "list", it will return third element of that. Otherwise
3553: Checks whether the input number 'n' can be expressed as two power of three. If it cannot then returns False; otherwise True in Python language
3554: If the URL ends with ".git". Return part of it before last 3 characters, else return full string as is in Python scripting language using
3555: This function returns an integer based on the value of 'x'. If it's either none, stand by," P", left and/or D
3556: This function takes an integer as input and returns the number itself squared.  It's simple but effective in many programming tasks such like calculating distances
3557: This function takes in two parameters - 'x' and the coordinate to be rounded. It returns an integer value of x after being truncated at one
3558: This Python function calculates the similarity score of contigs based on their length and percentage similar to another set. The calculation is done by summing up
3559: This line of the script splits "path/to//somewhere" into ["", "", ""], and then filters out any elements that start with
3560: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on an equals sign and returns them as separate variables if they are valid; otherwise it raises
3561: This line of the function converts an integer to binary. The 'string' method is used with parameters n and 2 as input which means it
3562: This Python script splits the given string into year/month and days parts using "-" as separator; then it further divides these two components
3563: This Python function takes four parameters - two coordinates and their width/height. It then returns the minimum bounding rectangle of these points as an ordered pair
3564: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
3565: This script generates the list of coordinates that form all possible corner points on an n x m board with given size and offsets using Python programming language'
3566: Returns True if the string "seq" contains character N. Otherwise, it returns False or None depending on whether an error occurred during execution of function and
3567: This Python function calculates the rewards based on an 'action' and assigns it to variable "Rewards". If Action is 3, then
3568: A Python dictionary that contains the necessary information to create an object of type Mod.  The keys are id, name and slug; url is linked
3569: This function returns the name of an intensity measure based on its index. The indices are 4,6 and -7 respectively which correspond to Raman
3570: This Python script creates an array of lists, where each sublist is created by taking the first element from 'data' and appending it to all
3571: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem, which states
3572: This script initializes default parameters and checks whether the required keys are present or absent from input dictionary, then returns updated/defaulted values of these inputs
3573: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys from the list of dictionaries 'feature'. It also checks if these key already exist within
3574: This line of the given Python script is checking if an id exists as key 'id' within dictionary `item`, and then it retrieves its
3575: This Python function calculates the output size of an operation. The input is added to twice padding, and then divided by strides which are usually
3576: If the sum of 'fa' and total_pfgA', plus an extra factor, equals zero then return "zero". Else calculate score
3577: This function returns the type of annotation based on its value. It's used to classify different types into categories like Exons, Introns etc
3578: This Python function splits the input string on "(", removes any leading or trailing whitespace and returns only that part of it enclosed in
3579: If the list of vertices is empty, return an empyt array. Otherwise calculate and returns minimums/maximum values from x-, y-.
3580: Converts all input to lowercase and checks if it's either 'True', or the boolean equivalent of ‘Yes’, then returns
3581: This function checks if the status of each task is one among two specified failed ones. If it's true, then return True; otherwise False or
3582: This function returns either '1' or zero depending on whether the input parameters are equal, otherwise it will always output "zero". It is used to
3583: This function checks whether the given sides of any triangle can form or not. It returns an integer value based on different conditions that are met in each case
3584: This Python script reverses the sequence of DNA sequences. It uses dictionary to map each nucleotide from A, C , G and T into its
3585: This is an infinite loop that keeps incrementing the value of 'a' until it becomes 1. The variable "b" never changes, so
3586: This function checks if the input is one of several possible names related to different types.  It'll be useful when dealing with data from various sources
3587: If the 'Server' is equal to test, return Test stub. Else it returns another thing in Python scripting language – depending on what
3588: If the 'amount' variable is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - continues with calculation.   [...]    else :     result = self
3589: This function checks if the given string ends with an underscore followed by another character, and/or starts as prefix of two consecutive underlines plus one
3590: This Python function splits the input string into three parts based on certain conditions and returns them as output parameters or return none when no condition is met;
3591: This function checks if the input is ASCII. It returns True only when every character of an ascii range from 0 to ~37
3592: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
3593: This is an implementation of the power function in Python. It uses bitwise operations to perform multiplication and division by powers, which makes it efficient even on
3594: This function checks if the value is within two ranges. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True – based on whether or no
3595: Split the input string into parts, if it's one part then set value else check whether object exists or create and assign to that path with
3596: This line of the Python script is setting 'max_val' to 0.8 and returning True if return val > or equal with "max
3597: This Python script creates an array of predictions by averaging the values from two adjacent elements, with one element being appended at end to match last value
3598: This Python script sorts two lists in ascending order using the merge sort algorithm, counting number of swaps required to make it sorted by comparing elements from
3599: Checks if the length of 'query' is equal to its corresponding lengths from both lists, then checks whether each element within query list falls between minimum
3600: This line of Python script returns the string with all occurrences ('a', or any other character that is not equal to both lowercase "A
3601: This Python script splits the given string into user and domain part of an email address, if it's not in local format then returns as is
3602: "Returns an approximation to be used in other distributions"  }}}"""){|code_title='Inverse CDF function on
3603: This function generates the bounding box of an object with given center and size. The four corners are calculated as if it were being cut from another larger
3604: This Python function calculates the mel scale frequency of an audio signal using its amplitude and duration in seconds, which is then converted to Hz with respecting
3605: This Python script creates an inverse DNA sequence by reversing the input and replacing each nucleotide with its corresponding complimentary base.  The result is
3606: This Python function counts the number of parentheses in an input string. If it encounters '(', increments `paren_count`
3607: This Python function generates FIBONACCI series up to the given 'target' number and returns it as list of numbers which are less than that
3608: This Python script splits the given string into two separate variables, alias and number using 'return' statement in python programming language – part of an
3609: This function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points in an array. The index of each point is calculated using modulo operation, and then these
3610: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the smallest number in that list. If there are multiple such values it will only consider one value at random
3611: This Python script takes an input of type 'sexpr', which can be either integer or string as well but it only processes lists with at least
3612: This function returns the square of its input. It's an example to show how Python can be used in simple mathematical operations like squaring numbers,
3613: This script converts the input data into tuples. It is used to store and manipulate information about fields, their types of values they hold
3614: This function replaces the string "image" with another substring in Python, but only once and it's case sensitive ie., 'Image
3615: This function replaces the prefixes of 'class' names in Python with '.', if they start as it is, or changes them to c.
3616: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values of labels as keys. The index is then used to determine which key from these
3617: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
3618: This Python script creates an organization data structure with the given name and list of its owners' details along side their abilities/skills as keys 'Cap
3619: This script generates the size of different data structures. It takes an input list 'types' and returns their respective memory usage as strings, formatted with Python
3620: This script calculates the balance of stocks and bonds in an investment portfolio. The rates are determined by their respective years, which is then applied to each
3621: This function returns the text as is, formatted in an XML string. The formatting part of it seems to be missing or not necessary here because we
3622: This line of Python script is used to convert the "_id", "name","email and 'password' fields in Community dictionary into string.  It
3623: This python script prints all pairs of numbers that have the same number digits as their product but are palindromes. The variable 'limit'
3624: A function that returns an empty list of the specified size.  It's used to create space in memory when needed, but it doesn’t
3625: This function splits the input string by commas and returns three values in order - 'data name' , ‘molecule’ Name
3626: This function checks if the current visited ID is equal to any of its parent's. If it does not exist then return false; otherwise true when
3627: Returns the id of an object that is not fitBit.  It's used to identify which user has access and what they are allowed or denied
3628: This script generates an output based on the input options dictionary and distribution function selected by user, either uniform or normal distributed randomly with given parameters as per requirement
3629: Checks the type of x, and returns true only when it's string. Otherwise false is returned in JavaScript/Python language – checks whether
3630: This function adds 'n' to the value of variable "x" and takes modulo with length ('deck_len') before returning. It
3631: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding ASCII character. If 'a' is less than or equal to 1, it
3632: This script calculates the fuel consumption ratio between two fuels and an oxider. The result is then used to calculate average annual energy output of one
3633: This line of the given Python script filters out all nodes that are not connected to 'node' and then maps over these filtered results in order return their
3634: Checks if the output box intersects with input bounding boxes. If it does then returns True else False – based on whether they overlap or
3635: Code calculates the sum of squares differences between corresponding elements from two dictionaries, and counts how many such pairs there are among keys present across both input
3636: This script sets the environment variables to be used in Azure. It takes as input an object with keys 'location', ‘spec’, and returns
3637: This line of Python script returns the input string with all its non-"stop" or common English word removed. It does so by splitting it into individual
3638: This script filters the list of file names based on their content. It checks whether they contain 'files' or any other string, then returns one out
3639: This Python script tries to join the path of an external file in Julia's depenencies directory using its relative filename and returns it if such exists
3640: This line of the given program is defining an array named 'instruements' and assigning it to be type string. It then checks whether or
3641: This line of Python script sets the variable `api_key` to be equal with an environment or default value. If there isn’t any API
3642: If 'pet' is found within the dictionary, and its corresponding value also contains key named as pet. Then delete that particular pair from dict using del
3643: This Python function retrieves the 'forums' data from an API response and formats it into dictionary format with keys as names of forums alongwith their
3644: This Python script finds the two numbers that are divisible by each number from 3 to n. It uses an enumeration function and nested loops with
3645: This function returns the number as an object with type and value properties. 10/3 equals to {“Type” : 'Num',‘
3646: This line of Python script adds two variables, 'vv' and assigns the result to their sum. The function returns value stored in variable "vr
3647: If the input 'Matrix' isn’t of type List in Python. Return an empty array instead – ie., return []. Else
3648: This line of the given Python script splits an input string 'name' into two parts at each occurrence in square brackets, and returns both these
3649: This Python function returns the URI of an SageMaker temporary directory. The returned path is formatted as follows -> 's3://bucket
3650: This function filters the given list of points based on their coordinates. The condition is that they should be within an area defined by height 'H' &
3651: This line of the program is setting up variables to hold values from two lists. The variable names are self explanatory and follow Python's naming
3652: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'lst' and appends each fourth element of every sublist to our
3653: If the number is less than 2, it's not prime. Return False to indicate that input was invalid or nonprime numbers are never pr
3654: Try to get the values from 'ldetail' dictionary. If these keys are not present, assign them default value of None or an empty string
3655: This Python function converts the input string to all uppercase letters, but if it doesn't start as "XR", then raises an error
3656: This function splits the number of files into equal parts and returns an index based on which part it is. If there are not enough split directories,
3657: Modify the JSON string to remove unnecessary characters from Minecraft' options.json file, which is used by minecraft server software on Windows systems –
3658: If the variable 'valid' is false, it prints "Please check out" and returns true. – Code snippet to validate user inputs
3659: If the commiter's login name does not exist, return false. Otherwise check whether it matches with 'web-flow'.  Return result of
3660: If the value of 'x' is zero, then it returns False. Otherwise -> True  [(1 line)]   Code snippet
3661: This Python script creates an empty list called "adjacent" and assigns the values of x, y from dictionary 'pos' to their respective variables
3662: This script checks whether the SERVER_NAME environment variable is set, then uses it as part of an URL string or just returns 'host' when
3663: If `None` string provided as an argument then return the same. Else check whether it's of type 'string'. Otherwise raise TypeError
3664: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3665: This function returns the URL of PhorHub playlists in string format with given id as input parameter, which is used to generate unique and permanent links
3666: This Python function returns the client id in dictionary format. The key is "client", and its value, which can be any string or number depending on
3667: This Python script converts the first letter of each word to uppercase. It does so by iterating over all elements within 'range' and applying
3668: This line of Python script calculates the temperature in Fahrenheit from Celsius by using an equation and returns it as output, given
3669: This Python script checks the input file and returns its content. If it's empty, then return an error message; otherwise - print out all lines
3670: Checks if the name of an object starts with '.' character.  If it does then returns true else false or None in Python language using built
3671: This Python function compares two versions and returns an integer. If the first version is less than second one it will return negative number (-1), if
3672: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' can be considered as an instance of List. If it does not meet that condition then convert its type
3673: This function checks if two bounding boxes overlap. If they do not overlaps then it returns false otherwise true is returned after checking the conditions of both
3674: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their sum. The first element of each vector is added together, the second elements are then combined in t
3675: This Python function takes in the list of 'transcations' and returns two subsets, one with 9/4th or approximately equal parts as
3676: This function takes as input the list of indices and returns two lists where each index is calculated based on some transformation applied to an outer loop variable batch\_
3677: This function checks if the input character "C" belongs to uppercase alphabet.  It returns True or False based on whether it falls in range
3678: Checks whether the given number is negative. If it's not, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on language and platform specific
3679: This function takes in the bibcodes as input and returns their corresponding json file names. It is used to generate filenames from BIB
3680: This line of the Python function checks if "f" is an image file ending with ".tiff", returning True or False accordingly, based on whether
3681: This Python script calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each row from an input file. The result is then summed up to give total
3682: This Python function calculates the ratio of y/x and returns it with an initial value set to zero in case x is equal or close enough from
3683: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3684: This Python function replaces tokens with their corresponding aliases from the dictionary 'aliasing' if they exist, otherwise it leaves them as is and adds
3685: This Python function converts RGB color values to HSV and then returns the three components of these colors in order as per their respective equations used here
3686: This function returns the string 'GG' repeated `i` times. It is similar to Python’s builtin str repeat operator, but it only
3687: This function checks whether every element of the input 'Series' object matches its corresponding value. If it’s an instance or subclass thereof then they
3688: If the IP address does not contain '.' then it is invalid.  Otherwise continue with checking other conditions in an IF statement block to determine whether or
3689: Code creates an empty list and then iterates over the given data 'proc_dat'. For each record/line of that dataset it constructs another
3690: This function checks whether the cell at position [X, Y](coordinates of an element in matrix 'MAT') is empty or not. If
3691: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
3692: This line of the given C++ program returns only lower part from an unsigned int. It's doing bitwise AND operation with mask to get just
3693: This function calculates the cube of 'p' when it is less than half, otherwise returns an alternate formula result based on its value and cub
3694: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and modulus operations until it finds that 'b'
3695: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'Value' variable contains string data type and strips off any leading or trailing white spaces from it using
3696: This line of the function returns an object that merges memoized default payload with another given dictionary. If there is no such key in "dict
3697: This Python function converts the given number of 'mins' into its equivalent in terms on Hours and Minute. It does so by first
3698: This Python script checks if two dictionaries have the same structure and values, ignoring order of elements as well; returns 'True' when they do
3699: If the variable 'var' equals to property, return "active", else it returns an empty string.  This is used in Python programming language as
3700: If the input "value" variable in Python scripting language, it will return its capitalized version. ... [truncated] ...
3701: If the input object does not exist, it returns "None". Otherwise，it converts all keys and values of an existing Python dict to string format
3702: This Python script checks if the system's debug mode or whether it has an installed named executable, but does nothing with these two conditions combined in any
3703: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3704: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
3705: This line of Python script checks whether the input string `hexaDecimal` equals to either 'None', an empty String ("") , zero ('
3706: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with the names of all non-"private" methods/attributes from 'dir()'. The
3707: This Python function calculates the number of live cells around an element on given 'height' by calculating its neighbors. It also takes into account if any
3708: If character ‘chr’ is equal to the other, then it checks whether both 'extend' are true. Depending on which one(s
3709: This Python function converts RGB values to LUX value using the given formula and returns it as per requirement in terms of brightness level or luminance intensity
3710: This function takes an argument as input which can be either True or False; it converts the boolean value to lowercase string representation of that same Boolean
3711: This function converts the input to string and returns first 5 characters of it. If length is less than or equal, then return whole value as
3712: This line of Python script returns the string '--' repeated based on whether `f` is not defined and if it has been assigned to some variable
3713: This script splits the filename into its extension and name. The result is then joined with an underscore to form new filenames in accordance of
3714: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3715: If the label 'language' is found within labels, return its value. Else do nothing or default to none – Code snippet provided
3716: This Python function takes two arguments. It returns the maximum of these values and minimums them out to zero if they are less than 0 or greater
3717: This Python function generates an array of chuncks based on the key. The number 'ndims' is defined as input to determine how many dimensions
3718: This line of the script is setting some variables to be rounded. The values are being converted from float types into integer type using Python's built in
3719: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between two lists of numbers and sums them up. The result is returned as an integer value which represents RGB color
3720: This Python function calculates the temperature in degrees Celsius from an input voltage value, which is then returned as output of that calculation operation on another
3721: This function checks whether the string ends with certain pattern and returns it without that particular part, else return original input as is in Python programming language –
3722: This function returns the string corresponding to an inputted numerical grade. It uses conditional statements and basic arithmetic operations in Python – one of its strengths
3723: If the string 'pos' of robot is at start or end, return human. Else it returns empty/no value – no action required
3724: This function is used to initialize the 'boilers' variable. It does not take any parameters and returns none, which means it doesn’t
3725: This function calculates the nth number in an iterative sequence where each subsequent term is calculated as sum of previous two terms. If 'stop'
3726: This line of the Python function checks if two variables are not equal. It returns True when they're unequal, and False otherwise - one way
3727: If the start index is nonnegative then return tuple of three elements. Else calculate lengths by subtracting from total length; returns negative indices as one
3728: This Python script calculates the increment between each value in an array. The result is then used to create new arrays with values increased by that amount,
3729: This function checks if the first line of any Python script is "---" or not, which indicates that it's likely to be part an example
3730: This Python function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. It checks if these point are different from each other before proceeding with calculation to avoid division
3731: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 't' which is equal to ‘rij’ divided by another variable, named as
3732: This function returns the middle value of three numbers. If all values are in ascending or descending order, it will always pick one number as its
3733: This Python function calculates the sum of squares. The values are calculated as per given formula and then returned from it by using return statement."
3734: This Python script creates an ordered list of tuples from the given dictionary where each tuple contains two elements - one is original item's name and
3735: This script checks the first character of each string in an array and returns different results based on it, depending upon whether or not that initial letter is upper
3736: This function returns the type of operation to be performed based on an input string. It can either return 'Stock' or Product, depending upon whether
3737: This python script calculates the square, cube and fourth power of each number in an array. The results are stored back into another list which is
3738: This line of Python script is used to find the index or position value from an inputted string if it exists within our preloaded 'dict' object
3739: This Python function renders the closest tag name based on certain conditions. If there is 'close' or similar, it appends '-<number>
3740: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse the inputted 'version' into its major, minor and patch components if they are validated by regex pattern
3741: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3742: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'n' to reduce its size. The operation is performed in stages, starting from rightmost bits
3743: This Python function counts the number of G's and C’ s it receives as input, then returns that count divided by total length. It is
3744: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3745: This Python script uses regular expressions to replace hyphens, slashes or periods in the input string with underscores before returning it as output from function
3746: This function checks if the given property exists within an array of properties. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that such information doesn
3747: This function checks whether the input command `is instance of string`. If it's true then return that value else join all elements in an array
3748: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value that represents some sort or order. The first two characters in string p are converted to their
3749: This function returns the next number in an arithmetic sequence based on 'modulo' operation. The modulus operator is used to determine which value of
3750: This Python function compares two lists element by elements, appending the smaller one to 'results' list until it reaches its end then continues with next
3751: This Python script creates an empty list and fills it up to the specified length with default values until its full, then returns that filled/extended version
3752: Created configuration dictionary with given parameters. 	Inputs -> Name of the cluster and details about its servers/clusters in form "
3753: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it's possible to reach that number by adding
3754: This is an expression that calculates the value of 'a' times c raised to power n divided by another term. The first part, ((1
3755: This function takes in two parameters, 'path' and returns the last part of that string if it exists; otherwise return an empty strinng or
3756: This script checks the type of AWS Cloudformation custom resources and returns true or false based on their types, it also handles cases where they start with '
3757: This function returns the user id, name and channel ID from given dictionary.  It's used to extract required information in an efficient way using Python
3758: This script finds the longest common prefix among all given strings and returns it as part of their combined string, with '_' appended to indicate that they
3759: This Python script counts the number of nonempty fields from an input dictionary and returns it if that value is less than or equal to 4; otherwise
3760: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
3761: This line of the function returns 'n' with its least significant bit set to one. It does so by performing an XOR operation on it and
3762: This function returns the connection string in format ${DB type}//<username>:[Password]@{Host}:Port/{Database Name}.  It
3763: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
3764: A dictionary that maps numbers to emojis and returns the corresponding text based on input type or default value if not found in map – Pythonic
3765: This line of the function is returning two parameters. The first one being 'parameter' and it takes in an input from another list called "codes
3766: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the values from 'measure' using looping through its length, resulting into one line of
3767: This Python function reads in the read id, sequence and quality values from three separate variables. It then combines these into one string with newline characters between
3768: This function tries to parse the given string as an integer or float. If it can be parsed successfully then returns true else false if not able return exception
3769: This function checks if the second word is lexicographically greater than or equal to first. If it's true, then return "True",
3770: This function returns the step and its corresponding values.  The input is expected to be an integer, but it's not used in any calculations or
3771: This function is used to format the output of ansi escape codes. It takes two parameters, 'text' and level'. The ANSI esc
3772: This function checks whether the current destination is one of ALL nodes. If it's not and we are at some other specific location then returns all remaining
3773: Checks whether the input 'Title' matches with specific pattern and returns true/false based on it; otherwise false or exception raised in case of invalid
3774: This line of the given C++ program is creating an empty vector and then filling it with strings. The year value gets converted to two digits using
3775: This Python function checks whether the input data type of "is instance()" to be dictionary or not and then processes it accordingly; otherwise returns an empty list
3776: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, depending on whether one number is greater than or less then another. If both are equal it returns zero
3777: This Python function creates and returns two boolean values based on the frequency of characters present within an inputted 'string'. The first value is True if at
3778: Code is used to create an instance of the class 'MyClass' and then calls its method. The result will be printed out in console using print
3779: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
3780: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'f' using some mathematical operations and returns it as result, which is approximately equal to given
3781: This Python program uses the bisection method to estimate square roots of numbers, with an error tolerance set at 𝛿=δ
3782: This line of Python script converts the section title to all lowecase and replaces spaces with underscores.  It's useful in
3783: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as either an instance of Tuple/List. If it does then return X else
3784: This Python script splits the input string by ":" and then further split each part of that resultant list to get individual coordinates in separate variables -
3785: If the input is an empty list, return zero. Otherwise continue with processing as normal and then end by returning some value or result of computation based on
3786: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 'p' divided by its reference value. The result is normalized to 1, as per requirement
3787: This Python function takes as input the names of people, separated by commas and returns their unique set after summing all individual lists created from splitting each
3788: This Python script uses list comprehension to process an input string, splitting it into individual terms and replacing commas with nothing resulting from the replacement operation;
3789: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its percentage increase or decrease and returns it as result, using simple linear interpolation method to calculate
3790: This function checks if the input is one of three Japanese word parts. If it's part, return true; otherwise false or None depending on whether
3791: This function checks if there is at least one common number between two sequences. It does so by checking each sequence against the other, and returns True as
3792: This Python function compares two strings and returns an integer. If the length of 'strA' is greater than that by more characters then it will
3793: If 'b' is 0 or not defined then return the value of variable "c" else check whether variables are equal. Else raise an
3794: If the input 'is't an instance of List and its length equals zero then return Zero. Otherwise calculate average by multiplying each second element
3795: This script calculates the bounds of possible show times based on average and range values. It also checks if there are any overlapping shows between these calculated
3796: This line of the Python script is creating and assigning to 'filename' variable. The filename includes some string concatenation, which makes it easier when
3797: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3798: This Python function calculates the ratio of how much to scale down or up an image based on its aspect ratios. It takes in two parameters, '
3799: This Python function calculates the range of indices that can be used to access elements in an array. The size is divided into ranks and if there are
3800: This script filters out the ID'S that start with 'x'- prefixed from list of given `ids` and returns remaining ones if they are
3801: A dictionary that maps version numbers to their corresponding object file names in the OpenFaaS runtime environment of AWS Lambda or Azure Functions based on
3802: This line of Python function converts the given value to its binary representation. The result is returned as an 9 digit string prefixed with zeros
3803: This Python function checks whether the number of columns is equal between two matrices. If they are, it adds them together and returns resulting matrix; otherwise return
3804: This function checks if the first character of 'name' is an underscore, which indicates that it should be ignored in some contexts or functions like __
3805: This function takes two parameters - 'value' and the key name. If value exists then it returns none else return original input as output of given condition
3806: This Python script creates and returns the list of DataStores that have 'Hub' ID(`in `list comprehension') present within them
3807: This Python script checks the value of 'n' in an IF statement, then uses ELIF statements with conditions that depend on whether or not it is
3808: This Python function finds the point with maximum KS test statistic from given list of points and their corresponding distances. The result is returned as output which
3809: This function checks whether the input string starts with or ends in double quotes ("") then removes them from it; If after removing these characters there's
3810: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on input parameters. The result is then returned as output from another part in your program, possibly
3811: This program counts the number of digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly dividing and counting until it reaches less than ten, then stops
3812: This function takes three arguments and returns the product of these values.  It's called "multiply_three".   The name is self
3813: This function checks whether the sum of two grades is equal to their average. If it's true, returns 'True', otherwise - return false or
3814: Check the type of 'cidr' and its value. If it isn’t an integer between 1 to  49 inclusive then return none
3815: This function checks if the input number is divisible by 'step' and, in case it isn’t - returns its quotient. If not
3816: This Python script splits the input string into hours minutes and seconds using ":" as separator then converts them to integer form before returning their sum
3817: This Python function finds the minimum edge weight between any two vertices of an undirected weighted connected Graph. The time complexity is O((V^3
3818: If the first parameter, 'p1', in an operation or function call isn't provided then return zero. Otherwise it should simply take and divide
3819: This Python script calculates the sum of elements from index k to end using linear regression model. The result is returned as an output or printed on console
3820: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each file name found within the 'clean' directory and adds any files that contain certain strings
3821: This function returns the dictionary { "Title" : Title }.  The input is 'None' and it will always output {'Titles':
3822: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements present within 'sol' list. The values from each element are taken and added to variable "d
3823: This function checks if the given bucket or collection ID matches with an expected one. If it is of type 'B' then returns True else false;
3824: This Python function uses the Siev of Eratosthenes algorithm to find all primes upto 'n'. It initializes an array with
3825: This Python function converts spherical coordinates to Cartesian ones by negating theta and adjusting phi accordingly based on its value in relation with given
3826: This script checks whether the 'user' item contains an entry with ids from two lists. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is
3827: This line of the Python script calculates how many times one needs to divide 'task' by number_of workers in order not only rounding up
3828: This function calculates the maximum and minimum values in an array of numbers. It then computes their average to create two new limits that can be used
3829: This Python function checks the type of an object. If it's `None` or not string nor dictionary with attribute ' __ version _ '_ then
3830: This function replaces all occurrences of 'at' with the corresponding uppercase letter in sequence, and returns it as is if no match found
3831: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
3832: This function calculates the product of all numbers from m to n inclusive. It uses list comprehension and builtin Python functions like 'prod' or
3833: This line of Python script filters out any item from the 'items' list that is also found within another specified "exclude" set. The result
3834: This Python function attempts to decodes the input bytes using different encodings until it finds one that works or raises an exception if none of them work
3835: If the "name", an attribute of 'Test' object, exists and it’s string type then return its value. Else get second element
3836: If 'cfg' has both keys named as xcppxppp', then get the value of key filename from that. Else, use default
3837: This function takes two lists as input and returns the difference of each pair in these list.  It uses Python's builtin 'map', l
3838: This Python function converts the given time in minutes into an equivalent format of HH : MM. It uses zeros padding to ensure that both
3839: This function checks if the first three characters of an input string are underscores, excluding any other character. It also ensures that there is more
3840: This line of Python script returns the "ID" from an object named 'panoptocontent'.  It's used to identify and retrieve
3841: This function takes an input string and returns the first 'n' characters of that. If there are not enough, it repeats to fill up with
3842: Returns an HTTP response with status of 'OK' and the header field DAV set to address book. This is typically used in web applications that need
3843: This function is an implementation of the Babylonian method, which uses repeated application to improve guesses. It takes two parameters - 'number' and
3844: If the object ID is found within "pmgr", then retrieve its base record. Otherwise print an error message depending on what went wrong during execution of
3845: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of two points. The equation is derived from standard form which states that if we have any point P
3846: This line of the Python script removes trailing backslash from file paths if they exist, and also checks whether or not it ends with an "\"
3847: Removes the first 6 characters from 'deviceName' and returns it. This is done to remove "Device:" prefix in case of devices with
3848: This function checks if the input box is within another output bounding rectangle. If it's true then return True else False or None otherwise depending on
3849: This Python function sorts the input list and then counts how many times each element appears using builtin functions of python like set(), count() etc., finds
3850: This Python function splits the input string into list of strings and returns it as output, similar to split() method but implemented with lists instead which is
3851: This function returns an empty array when the argument 'None' or not of type List are passed. If it receives any other data types like string and
3852: This Python function checks whether the given string 'char' does not match with its reverse. If it doesn’t, then return false; otherwise true
3853: This Python script checks if an input file name matches with one of two regular expressions patterns, which are used to identify files that conform either strictly according as
3854: This Python function calculates the maximum difference between two parts of an array. The first part is calculated by subtracting each element's index from its
3855: This Python function calculates the length of vector and then normalizes it. The result is returned as an array with three elements representing normalized x/y
3856: If the values of 'value' are not equal, it will print out both and then return whether or no they were identical.  This is an
3857: This function checks if the first element of two lists are equal, then it compares their second elements. If they're not same as well -
3858: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence in Python. It calculates how many times it needs to double before reaching or surpass
3859: This Python function converts an integer to its binary coded decimal equivalent. It does so by shifting the current value of 'BCD' four positions
3860: This Python function checks whether 'if' condition is true or not. If it isn’t then the program will calculate two values using loops to find
3861: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in an array. The minimum and average values are calculated between these 3 elements from each list respectively to
3862: This function takes two parameters, base and num. It returns the string formed by concatenating "<Base>-" with <number> <extension(if
3863: This function returns the current timstep and its corresponding id along with any data to be sent.  It's used in conjunction of other functions that
3864: This line of Python script returns the last part from path using 'os' and its builtin function "Path" split."  It is used to
3865: This Python function converts the I/O operations per second value to its equivalent in KB or MB. The first character of input string is used as
3866: This Python function calculates the output of an equation based on input values. The inputs are multiplied by 'a', then with another variable ('b
3867: This Python script is used to modify the elements of an array. It changes all zeros within each subarray into zeroes and returns it as output
3868: If the input "Port" isn't defined or it can be converted to an integer/float then return that value. Otherwise do nothing and default
3869: This Python function returns the current date and time in UTC format.  It uses 'ts' as an input parameter which is not used here but could
3870: Print the execution time and final result of function.  The output will be in format "-- Executed on [datetime] -- Status:[result]"
3871: A dictionary with the key "action" and value of {“commands” : [{‘name’:'move', 'direction':'forward
3872: This Python function returns the dictionary object with keys 'Garry' and '.Z'. If source is not found in it then an empty string will be
3873: This program reads an input String and writes it to the output buffer. Any character that is between 0x8 - ASCII value of '~
3874: This Python function checks the type of ```'User Group':``` and returns it as string. If its an integer then return without ':'. El
3875: This Python script returns the URL to access an API endpoint.  The 'host' and port are provided as input parameters, which should be replaced with
3876: This Python script checks whether the reference dictionary contains either 'username' or ‘email’. If it does, then returns that value from respective key
3877: Checks if the string s has unique characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false – one line solution in Python using list comprehension
3878: This script is used to generate the list of unique vulnerability types from 'monster' data. The function loops through each type and adds it into
3879: This function subtracts the product of two matrices and an scalar from one matrix. It also checks if both input are equal in size, otherwise it
3880: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'x' and returns their total. The use here is to calculate distance or
3881: This Python script sorts the dictionary's key values and returns them as integers, which are then used to create another list comprehension that creates an integer
3882: "${FORMAT} {ENTITY}" – where ENTITIES are replaced with entity names, FORMATS replace '{}'
3883: This function calculates the average of an arithmetic series. The formula used is derived from mathematical principles, and it's based on one term in
3884: This Python function normalizes the input string by removing leading zeros and ensuring it's always 16 digits long with trailing zeroes
3885: If the current building is 'Full', return an empty string. Otherwise, it returns '-' followed by what was passed in as argument ('Slim
3886: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. It also creates leading zeros if necessary and append it with
3887: If the current compound is contained in another, then it returns its mass difference. Otherwise，it calculates and Returns either of two values based on whether
3888: This Python script checks whether the 'usa' id, description or abbreviations are present within both `new` data set & existing dataset(s).
3889: This function calculates the one way kullback–leibler divergences between two probability distributions, which is used to measure how similar they
3890: This Python function takes three arguments, converts them to floats and then performs elementwise multiplication of the two input parameters with 3/4 probability
3891: This Python function takes an input list 'n' and splits it into chunks of size equal to the length. The number k is calculated as
3892: This Python function checks if an input file'extension is within some predefined list, and raises error otherwise; it also returns true when successful execution
3893: This Python function calculates the given formula. The input parameters are divided by their corresponding values to calculate an output value, which is then returned as '
3894: This function checks if the given object 'object' belongs to class "Process". If it does not belong then returns false. Otherwise return true or raises
3895: This Python script checks the first element of an array, and based on its value it performs different actions. If 'text' is found in that position
3896: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find GCD(a ,b). The main idea behind it lies in dividing 'A'
3897: This function returns an object with empty lists as values, which are used to store the results of each field. The keys represent different types or categories and
3898: Throw an error if the input is negative. If not, proceed with computation of summation using "sum" function in Julia language and return it
3899: This function returns two strings based on the value of 'figure'. It has three cases, each corresponding to one possible combination. If an invalid input is
3900: Counts the number of dots present within 'host' string.  This is done by iterating over each character and checking if it equals to dot
3901: This script creates an empty list and then append the second element of each condition tuple to it, resulting from filtering out conditions based on their first elements'
3902: This python function calculates the final score based on three different coefficients, which are taken from URL parameters and used to weight each of these scores in their
3903: This function returns the list of 'clusters' if they are longer than or equal to given size. If not, it simply return them as
3904: This function calculates the frequency of each word in text and returns it as dictionary where keys are unique nonempty strings from input list, values represent their
3905: This Python script creates two lists, one with the first elements of each tuple from 'pts' and another list containing second element. It then returns
3906: This function calculates the maximum of zero and minimum between two values. The first value is calculated as vfb/34679*min
3907: If the two variables are equal, return 'a'. Otherwise calculate and apply linear interpolation.  The function takes three parameters; one is expected to
3908: If the P value is less than √(pvalue), it returns '*'. Else, depending on its significance level and statistical power
3909: This line of the Python script is stripping leading and trailing whitespace from each word in 'value' string, then splitting it into list by
3910: This line of the script splits an input file name into its components, then extracts and returns only one part as integer value from last component which
3911: This function returns the square of its input. For example, if you call `square(4),` it will output '16'. It'
3912: This function returns the parameter or status value of an item from given 'data' list based on its configuration ID/Status id, if not found it
3913: This line of the given Python function returns part or slice from sequence. The 'seq' is input, and pos specifies where to start slicing ('
3914: This line of the given Python script adds to 'pivot' set, which is an empty list and contains numbers from min() function in range between
3915: Increments the 'v' variable by 0.3 if it equals to *, true value; otherwise returns false in case of an index error
3916: This line of the given Python script splits each string into two parts using '==' as separator and then returns dictionary with value from second part
3917: This Python function converts an array of integers into their corresponding string representation. The input is assumed to be two bytes at once and the output will contain
3918: If the current frame is greater than or equal to maximum frames, it will print "Exitting" and return false. Otherwise returns true after printing some
3919: If the string is one character long, it returns whether or not that single char equals to "==". Else when its two characters are given then
3920: This function checks if two bounding boxes have any overlapping area. If they do it returns 'True', otherwise - return'False'. The first
3921: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns it. If not, then tries to convert that into integer; otherwise return original string as default
3922: This function returns the level of 'kappa' based on its value, with different levels defined by conditions in an if/else block within another one using
3923: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as part its response in case that's either "str". If so then return id
3924: This script is designed to return the URL of Rotten Tomatos' TV movies page with all reviews enabled, or else it will append '?'
3925: If either of the phrases is empty, return zero as float value and calculate character count based on word counts from both sentences; otherwise it returns calculated values
3926: This line of the given RGB to HEX conversion function converts an input in RBG format into its equivalent hexadecimal representation. The
3927: If the string is either 'UTF8MB4' or ‘’(single quote), return as it was. Else, just ignore and
3928: If either of the two numbers is zero, it returns one as float value in python language or any other programming languages that support floating point arithmetic like
3929: This Python function checks whether the input string is 'rmk' and returns different outputs based on its value. If it doesn’t exist or equals
3930: This Python script checks whether the 'json' object has an attribute named ‘Versions’, and then it extracts all of its values into
3931: This Python script creates and returns two dictionaries from the given tensortype 'LabelTensor' objects with their names as keys to be used later
3932: This function calculates the area of triangle with sides as input parameters 'c', and returns it's hypotenuse using Heron’ method
3933: If the argument is not convertible to an integer. Else return its name and 'bad' message; -->"Bad Format".
3934: This Python function returns the result of dividing an element in list 'X' by its second one. If it is zero, then return "zero
3935: This function cleans the keys of an input dictionary by removing 'model.' and '.modules' from them if they start with these strings using Python dictionaries
3936: This line of the given Python script checks if either '{' is at start/beginning, followed by an ending bracket ('})' , OR
3937: This Python function splits the given string into two components based on 'service account email' and returns only first part if it is valid, else return
3938: This function checks if there are any duplicate values within the list. If so it returns false and otherwise true after checking all pairs of elements from two lists
3939: This Python script splits the given string into its constituent parts using hyphen (-). The first part is taken as 'year', second one -
3940: Code is an implementation that uses command line options. It can take various parameters like - h , o and so on . The usage part explains how you
3941: This line of the Python script checks if 'return_value' is one or more values from ['True', ‘T’, yes/Yes
3942: This Python function calculates the total price of an item, taking into account its original value and any additional costs associated with it such as taxes or shipping
3943: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'text' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
3944: This python script calculates the number of multiples up to n that are also divisible by either three or five. It then sums all these numbers
3945: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over two lists and adds nodes to the appropriate key if they are unique; otherwise it just extends
3946: Replaces the border style of an element with 'None' in CSS.  This is done by replacing any instances where there are no borders defined and
3947: This line of Python is trying to access an item in the dictionary 'bids' and if it exists, return its value. If not existent
3948: This function converts the given flight distance from miles to centimeters using an approximate conversion factor of 1 mile=~64,9/
3949: This function checks if the data contains any digit. It does so by using regular expression to match digits in string format and returns True or False accordingly
3950: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is calculated by multiplying 'value' with three and then taking its "floor" or nearest
3951: This Python function calculates the power of an electromagnet based on average and pulse width, repetition frequency.  It returns Peak Power which
3952: This function calculates the number of different hashes in two lists. It returns an integer that represents how many times there are differences between corresponding elements from
3953: This function returns an HTML link with the given 'label' and URL. The output is in JSON format, which can be used to create hyperlinks
3954: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from ‘number’ to 'i'. It uses looping and addition. The result is returned
3955: This function returns the length of an object and then concatenates it with its string representation.  The result is returned as one line in format 'n
3956: If the lengths of paths are not equal, return false. Otherwise check each character at corresponding position to see whether it is an 'a' or '#
3957: A function that creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given 'mappings' list. The keys of each entry are derived
3958: This line of the program calculates an index that represents how far along in reading from left to right we are. The character is converted into its ASC
3959: Creates and returns dictionary with properties 'name', ‘comparison operator’ ,and   value. The function takes three parameters - the property to
3960: This Python function checks if the current process is running with same PID it was started from, and returns true or false accordingly based on that check result
3961: This function checks the extension of input files and returns string based on its type, either 'FASTA', ‘JSON’ or default to B
3962: This Python function takes an input sequence and returns the hexadecimal representation of each number, joined by underscores. For example if you pass
3963: This function calculates the price of an item based on its name, returning 1 if it's not available or unknown and returns default value otherwise
3964: This Python script creates an array of bounding boxes that represent the minimum and maximum values found within each coordinate. It then iterates over all given data
3965: This function returns the next stage in production based on what activity is being performed. It's an example of how to use conditional statements within Python functions
3966: This function calculates the sum of two planes, where one plane is fully occupied and another empty or partially filled with some value(s). The fraction
3967: This function sorts the given list of dictionaries by "state" in descending order.  It uses Python's builtin `sort` method
3968: This line of the program creates an array with ‘numpy’ library and generates indices in it which are then assigned to variables 'a'
3969: This function checks if the given filename's extension is one of several MIME types. It does so by checking whether it exists as an element within
3970: This python script calculates the new position of an object with constant speed and given time step, using simple physics formulae to calculate it's next
3971: This function checks whether the input string starts or ends with single quotes ("'). If it does, then returns only middle part of that argument; otherwise return
3972: If the variable 'mayb' is either an object or function, it will be called with obj as its argument. Otherwise - just return what was
3973: If 'filter' objects are provided, they will be added to the list of existing ones only when it doesn’t already exist; otherwise no action
3974: This function takes two arguments, checks whether both are empty or not. If they're all blank it returns an emtpy string else return the
3975: Extract the serial number from facilities list. 0 index is used to get second facility's details in case there are more than one facilt
3976: This function checks whether the input `X` in any case of string type with double quotes at its start & end; If yes then it returns only
3977: This function checks whether the name of an entity is 'VIRUS' or not. If it finds any upper case letter, then returns true else
3978: This function takes in the name of an entity and returns it with all spaces replaced by underscores. It also converts to lowercase, strips
3979: Checks whether the given string is equal to “true”. If it's, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on what was
3980: This Python script calculates the average Latitude and Longitute from an array of coordinates given as input to it using list comprehension with nested loops which
3981: Install the specified target with optional parameters.  If no parameter, it will return only 'name'. Otherwise,'Name' and its corresponding value are returned
3982: This function calculates the minimum of max and rounded value between two given numbers. The rounded number is calculated by dividing 'baseSize' with
3983: This dictionary maps the different versions of TensorFlow to their respective file extensions.  It also includes mappings from other libraries and formats like PyTor
3984: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding 3 to it. It's simple, straightforward but effective in many situations where
3985: This line of the script converts two lists into one, which is necessary when using scikit learn's confusion matrix function to compare true and
3986: This line of the program converts RGB color to L*a*, b*.  The values are then stored in variables.   It's an
3987: If the length of `link_text` is 1 or less return an empty string else filter out non alphanumeric characters from text and
3988: This function converts the input into its string representation, and if it is equal to specific keys then returns certain values based on those conditions; otherwise return
3989: This Python script calculates the row and column index of an element in 3D grid. The function takes two parameters, 'x' which is
3990: If the 'Credential Location' is present, it checks whether its value matches with header. Else raises an error message stating that setting should be
3991: This Python function calculates the number of combinations that can be formed from n items taken r at random. It uses recursion to calculate and returns an
3992: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
3993: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary 'dict' and assigns it to variable name. It also initializes list named as `fullEntry
3994: This Python function returns the character at position 'index' in string. If no such postion exists, it will return `None` by default but
3995: A function that creates default values dictionary from the given information.  It uses "info" as input and assigns each tag to its corresponding value,
3996: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
3997: This Python script converts an input string in hexadecimal format to decimal and then divides it by the value of 'five_thousand
3998: If x is an instance of class or subclasses thereof with attributes run(), operators() and kind(). Return True. Else return false;  This
3999: This line of the given Python script checks whether length 'len' is greater than another string. If it does then assigns that other strings to c
4000: This Python script generates an index list from the inputted sentences. It uses dictionary to map each unique token of language into its corresponding integer, and then
4001: Replace all occurrences of the key in dictionary with its corresponding value from 'dict' object and return modified string as result  Code snip
4002: This Python script checks whether the 'hyperparameter' dictionary contains an entry with key=“‘NumRound’”. If it does exist then
4003: This Python function tries to convert the inputted 's' into its equivalent Boolean value, if possible; otherwise it raises and handles exceptions accordingly with custom
4004: This python script generates BraVAIS ladders. It uses the Braid group of lattice structures to generate different types and sizes based on user input
4005: This line of the program calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated as three times half part from input variable 'v61'
4006: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4007: This Python script calculates the average time spent on different tasks.  It does so by adding up all of our task times and then dividing that
4008: This Python script reads an input string, splits it into individual elements and stores them as list items within the 'raw' variable name of our program
4009: This Python script generates an array of the first n numbers on Triangle Numbers which is also known as pentagonal number or hexadecimal
4010: Replaces underscores and ellipses with double colons ("__" or ". . ."). This function is used to clean up the
4011: This function concatenates two paths, taking into account the possibility of leading slash(es). If one path is absolute and another relative to it then
4012: This Python function generates Pascal's triangle up to the Nth row, where 'n'. It starts with an initial list of one element and
4013: This line of Python script returns the string "<yellow>" followed by inputted argument and then another yellow square bracket. The \[\]
4014: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer. It uses bitwise shifting to count each time it encounters one 'set' or zero
4015: Copies the values from one dictionary to another and returns it as new Dictionary object named 'dict'.  The keys of original are converted into string before
4016: This python script creates dictionaries to represent different types of waterbodies in the US. The keys are strings representing each type and their corresponding values is
4017: Checks if the given string is in snake case. It checks that it starts with an uppercase letter, contains only alphanumeric characters
4018: This Python script splits the given string into its components and returns them in dictionary format with class as last element of list, module part is formed by
4019: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4020: If the value of 'd' is equal to one, return zero. This function will not do anything in that case and simply returns an integer with
4021: This Python function checks the type of input 'X' and performs different actions based on its value or data types in string formatting it to either return
4022: This function returns an array of six elements all equal to zero point one sixth or 'one tenth'. It's not used in the program and
4023: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4024: A 1D list of lists filled with empty strings, which is the representation and layout/structure or 'BackYard' as it appears to
4025: Throw an error when the string `expr`` is less than two character long.   [x] Corrected Code -> "if len
4026: If the length of 'token' is 1, then it checks whether its second token starts with "==", and returns that part after removing equal
4027: This function returns an HTML anchor tag with the provided text and URL.  The result is formatted as "click here to [Text]" where "[TEXT
4028: This function checks if every element in the array 'arr' are integers. If not it returns False else True – one liner version of Python
4029: Checks if the given points are within two different circles. If they do not meet these conditions then it returns False else True – Code checks whether
4030: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of elements and adds them to it if they are comments or not using their names
4031: This Python function splits the given string by commas and returns list of values after stripping leading/trailing whitespace from each element using List
4032: This Python script opens the specified filename and reads it until reaching an empty string or hitting EOF to stop reading if there is any match of "pattern
4033: This function flattens an arbitrarily nested array. It uses recursion to handle the nesting and returns it as one long unnested
4034: This function checks the type of 'Data Type' and converts it to JavaScript object. If not recognized or unknown then returns original value as string in
4035: This Python script is used to generate list of keys and values that match the given conditions from dictionary 'props'. The function iterates over each item within
4036: This python function calculates the value of 'n' raised to power two minus one. It uses bitwise left shift operator and XOR operation which
4037: If the current URL is root, return it as such; otherwise remove trailing slash and then check again until we find an appropriate one that doesn
4038: This Python script is creating and returning the concatenation of all elements from 'annotated' list. The resultant string, "s", will
4039: This function returns the speed limit based on vehicle type, with different speeds depending upon their types in terms of distance covered per hour and time taken to cover
4040: This Python script calculates the sum of all odd numbers from one to 'i'. The variable "num" is used as counter and it increments
4041: If the 'distribution' object doesnt have an associated Download or Access Url, it raises and handles error by checking whether they are present before trying
4042: If the input variable 'v' has only one element in its sequence type. Return that single value as it was; otherwise return original data unchanged
4043: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area in square units
4044: This function takes an ID as input and returns the first part of that string after removing any trailing dots in its filename extension if it exists, otherwise
4045: This Python function checks the HTTP transfer encoding. If it's chunking or not defined at all then returns none; otherwise return content length as an
4046: This line of the Python script is used to replace all double quotes with two single ones in an inputted text, effectively converting it from "double quoted
4047: This function takes in two parameters - an input dictionary and the reaction value to be calculated based on it; if there's no specific calculation required then
4048: This line of Python script returns the square value. It's simple and efficient, but it doesn’t do anything with its input or output other
4049: A list of underscores is created with the same length as inputted by user, which will be used to make an empty guessing game where each
4050: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
4051: Return two and three. This is an example of function returning multiple values in Python programming language, which can be useful when you need to use the results
4052: This function checks the current status of an object and returns different information based on its 'state'. If it's in error mode then return dictionary with
4053: If there are no options, return an empty list. Otherwise convert the dictionary into two lists and then merge them together using List comprehension to create one
4054: This function converts the input to its case in all cases. If it's not 'False', then return True, else returns false or None
4055: This Python function takes two vectors as input and returns their cross product. The result is another 6 elements long list containing the components of that resulting Vector
4056: This Python function checks whether the input "is instance of" and returns it as string or splits by comma depending on its type; otherwise return original
4057: This function raises an error if the input `n' is not integer. It then calculates and returns half of sum from n to '(i
4058: This script processes the data from 'feature' list and stores it into dictionary named "fieldList". It also handles different types of input like lists or
4059: This function calculates the sum of an arithmetic series and its reciprocal using recursion. The base case is when 'if' condition returns
4060: Returns the "features" list from config dictionary. This is used to get tiles in 4D bagging model training process, which includes features of
4061: This line of JavaScript returns the value from an object based on tccNamem in lowercase, or 'invalid' if it doesn’nt
4062: This Python script takes two boxes as input and calculates the area of intersection between them. The areas are then compared to find out which one is larger
4063: This function returns the value of 'count' multiplied by five minus fifty. If "Count" is zero, it will return one; otherwise depending
4064: This function takes in two parameters - text and pattern. It replaces all whitespace characters with 'plus' sign only if they are not surrounded by
4065: This line of the given Python script is defining and initializing 'varDoc' as an empty string. It then splits `TypeName` by
4066: This function checks the current utilization of an application and returns ' High ', ‘ Low’, or ` Normal` based on whether it's
4067: This line of the given C++ program checks whether or not 'value' is negative. If it isn’t, then subtracts 4
4068: This Python script splits the input string by spaces and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operation to get only nonempty tokenized sentences/words
4069: This Python function takes an array of commands and returns them as string literals enclosed by double quotes.  It uses list comprehension to create the
4070: This function calculates the center of an object in two dimensions. The parameters are 'object's current position and its desired fit within another rectangle/
4071: This function returns different values based on the value of 'c\_haines' index. The range is from -6 to +7, with each
4072: This script calculates the average scores of various categories in an environment. It also determines if there is any distraction or not based on these averages
4073: Generates list of lists, each sublist contains headers from the 'pages' dictionary and sorted by name value pairing within that header entry –
4074: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4075: If the URL ends with '/', return it as is, else append an extra slash at end of string – Code snippet to be
4076: Removes all functions from the given Python Dictionary object and returns it as new one with no function elements present – using list comprehension method to filter
4077: This is the formula used to calculate the probability of success in an exponential distribution.  It's based on B, delta and t parameters which are
4078: This function calculates the taxable income after deducting any potential divident contribution. It takes into account both basic and bonus, as well an
4079: This function returns the IMDB link of an IMDb movie given its ID as input, which is used to access and view details about that specific
4080: Checks if the 'event' dictionary contains an entry with key=“type”, where value equals to ‘e_type’. If
4081: This line of the Python script checks if there is an exclamation mark ('!)' present within given string. If it does, then returns True
4082: This function calculates the average length of all strings present within an input list.  It does so by iterating over each string, calculating its character
4083: If the list of metadata is empty, return an initialised dictionary. Otherwise iterates over each item and checks whether it contains keys 'metadata' or
4084: This function checks if the given file has any dependencies. If it does then returns true else false or None depending on whether there are no depenend
4085: This line of the given Python script splits an issuing entity's name into two parts using "Issuers" as separator and returns
4086: This function checks if there are any zeros within each individual list of the given 3D array. If so, it returns False; otherwise True
4087: This Python function calculates the APOGEE of an object given its initial speed and gravity, using simple physics principles like energy conservation in motion or
4088: If the variable 'expr' does not exist, return none; otherwise replace all occurrences of ^ with ** in expression and then returns it back
4089: A function that checks whether the input string is all numeric characters. If it's one character long, returns True; otherwise False  Code sn
4090: This script reads and stores the content of all files specified by 'sourced' list into dictionary with file paths being keys using Python programming language."
4091: This function calculates the total number of nodes in an array. It subtracts one from each dimension and then multiplies them together to get all
4092: This function takes two arguments - 'col' and an optional parameter named "init". It uses the bitwise left shift operator to perform binary addition on
4093: This Python function returns either ```return (-1, "a is greater than or equal to",b")``` when the condition in parentheses
4094: If the absolute value of 'X' exceeds 𝜎, return false; otherwise check whether it equals to zero or one and returns true
4095: This function takes an expression as input and returns the first two elements of that list if it exists. Otherwise return just one element itself which was passed in
4096: This Python function sorts the digits of an integer in descending order and then converts them back to integers.  The result is obtained by joining
4097: This function checks if the three numbers can form an arithmetic progression.  It returns true only when all conditions are met, otherwise it will not
4098: 返回一个包含状态和消息的字典。如果没有提供任何参数，则默认为"successful operation". If the provided parameters
4099: Creates an Index in Cassandra using CQL.  The syntax is as follows, where 'index' refers to the name of your new created
4100: This script generates an array of values that represent the progression from 0 to 'last index pre history' with increments equal by "scope len
4101: This function takes an integer as input and returns its absolute value. It is used to ensure the number remains positive even if it was originally negative, which
4102: This Python script splits the input string into three parts using regular expression to remove all numbers and then converts them back in their original form - User
4103: If the input string 'value' does not contain ";" then return none and also no URI or FPR as they are neither present nor valid according
4104: This Python script calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is stored as 'result'.  It uses nested loops to iteratively multiply
4105: This Python script attempts to fetch the content of an URL using HTTP GET request, and if successful it returns that text; otherwise error messages are returned depending
4106: Print statement to create the Provenence Record.  The details of what is being created are described in detail within parenthesises and separated by comm
4107: This python script generates the name of an app based on its parameters, converting all to lower case and concatenating them with '/'. The result is then
4108: This function checks if the given array has at least three dimensions and returns true only when it is “cube”. It also handles arrays with
4109: This Python function replaces invalid utf 16 sequences with valid ones, and raises an error if any of the characters are outside ascii range
4110: This function normalizes the input data to be within range [0,1] by scaling and shifting. The minimum of 'normalized' values is
4111: This script is designed to handle various user inputs related with different functionalities. It can start, help and stop the bot; it also has features like
4112: This python script takes two lists of four elements as input and returns the resultant 6D vector. The operation is performed element byelement in accordance
4113: This Python script takes an array of integers and strings as inputs. It filters out the 'X's from string part then converts them to integer
4114: This Python function converts the input string to snake case, ie., it transforms all uppercase letters of each word into lowercased
4115: A function that calculates the value of an expression. The input is four numbers, and it uses recursion to calculate each term in turn until all
4116: This function returns the smallest value between two given values. It also ensures that any returned result is within an inclusive range of 'min' and ‘
4117: This Python function checks whether the input `is` an instance of string or raises error when it's neither; then replaces all non alphan
4118: If the input is less than 2, it returns that same value. This function does not do anything else and simply checks whether or no an integer
4119: This Python function checks if the given 'N' length of substrings from an inputted main "STRING" matches with another provided as parameter. It
4120: This function returns the smaller of two numbers. It uses Python's built in 'min()'. 1 line solution using one liner syntax is
4121: This script splits the links into two separate paths.  It does not handle any special characters or formatting, and it assumes that all input is
4122: This Python function takes in two parameters; the first is an input string and it's being searched within that to find if there exists "-" character
4123: This line of the script is filtering out nodes that do not have both "Policy" fields set, which are required to be present when creating an edge
4124: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
4125: This Python function calculates the color difference between two RGB colors. The input is an integer value representing each of red green and blue in range  [
4126: Return the number '0' in Int3. It is not used anywhere else, so it can be removed without affecting any other part of program execution
4127: This Python function calculates the value of an investment with compound interest. It takes two parameters, 'a' and ‘n’ which represent principal
4128: This Python script generates an array of quotations from the input list. The output is then joined into one single line with commas separating each quote
4129: If the current system's status is 'OFF', return string value of “Off”, else it returns an equivalent to its name. This
4130: This Python script is used to split the file name and return only its base part, while leaving out any extension in between if there are one or more
4131: This script generates dictionaries where the keys are names of different types and values represent lists that contain all generations associated with each type name from 'relies
4132: If the number is negative, it returns False. Otherwise -> True  [n] will be checked to see whether or not its value can fit
4133: If the 'GPU' resource exists within given dictionary of parameters then return true else false otherwise raise an error or simply ignore it based on condition provided
4134: If the data is zero, it returns that value; otherwise，it sets to one and then multiplies by ten millionth of itself in order not
4135: This function takes two parameters, first and last. It returns the concatenation of these values with space in between them as output string using Python's
4136: This Python script creates an empty matrix of given rows and columns. It does so by using list comprehension to create the desired number ‘n’
4137: This Python script creates blocks of size 'block_size' from the given sequence and returns them as list elements within another array named "fragment". The
4138: This Python function calculates the difference between two years, taking into account an exponential decay factor alpha and returns it as one line of text summarizing what
4139: This Python script checks whether the given domains exist within specified DNS servers and returns their corresponding Zones or 'None' when no match is found, based
4140: This Python function returns '+' when the input number is positive, '-' otherwise and it also handles zero correctly by returning "zero" in all
4141: This function checks if there is any overlapping between the current time range and segments of previously processed times. If yes, it returns 'True', otherwise
4142: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on whether it contains either one or more hyphens (-). If there is only 3
4143: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
4144: Checks each character of the string and returns true only when it is not an ASCII uppercase letter.  If all characters are valid, then
4145: This Python script counts the total amount of unique Twitter usernames used across all TWEETS, and then divides that by how many different
4146: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from 'historical load' that fall within specified range. The function takes two parameters - "window
4147: This Python script replaces certain characters in the input string to create an output path that is more readable and less prone towards errors or typos
4148: This function returns the string 'quit' followed by whatever is passed in as msg. The colon(:), space, and message are all included within
4149: This Python script calculates the percentage of correct predictions made by an AI. It takes as input two lists - test tags and corresponding predicted ones from your
4150: This Python function takes an input string of two characters and returns the new position after moving in that particular "direction". The first character determines which way to
4151: This Python function checks the type of 'input' variable. If it’s string then converts each character to its decimal equivalent using bitwise OR
4152: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, but it uses an incorrect formula to calculate and returns 'inf'. The correct calculation is r/
4153: This Python function calculates the number of common nodes between two lists. It takes as input both node list and returns three values - count/number correctly
4154: This function checks if the string s starts with 'https' or not.  It returns True when it does and False otherwise in Python language using built
4155: This program uses the Babylonian method to approximate square roots of numbers, which is an iterative process that starts with initial guesses and improves them
4156: This Python script writes the content to an existing text document at specified location using write mode ('a'). It returns written filename with its corresponding directory in one
4157: This function checks whether the input string 'X' meets certain conditions such as being of type "str," having at least 1 alphabet character in
4158: A Python dictionary is created with the key 'feature' and value as Feature Collection. The JSON data from an API response will be converted into python dict
4159: This function is used to get the value of an item from dictionary based on its keys, if it exists; otherwise returns 'None'.  Code sn
4160: This Python script checks if the required fields are present and validates them. It uses sets to check whether all necessary key/value pairs exist within each
4161: This Python function checks the value of 'sierra' tag and returns corresponding abbreviations. If no match is found, it defaults to returning an empty
4162: This function checks if the input is in alphanumeric or contains hyphens, and returns True/False accordingly based on that condition using regular expression
4163: If the length of ids is not equal to 1, return 'unknown'. Otherwise continue with your function. Code checks whether there are two unique
4164: This Python function returns the last two bytes of an integer. The first byte is obtained by shifting right one time and then taking modulo with hexad
4165: This Python function returns the cross product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from these input ones,
4166: This Python script modifies the input list of dictionaries by replacing all dictionary items with their corresponding value. The new values are created from concatenating '
4167: This Python function calculates the logarithm of an input number 'N' to base two. If N is less than one, it raises and handles
4168: This Python function checks whether the first character of `MetaboLitStr` is an open square bracket, then removes it; similarly with
4169: This line of Python script generates an HTML link element with the CSS file URI as its attribute. (END SUMMARY).  ```python `
4170: This is the formula used to calculate an inverse hyperbolic tangent function. The input 'X' and constant multiplier are given, while other terms
4171: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4172: This script converts PIDs to QIDS and assign protection information from WikiData Protected Items using the provided data structure 'article
4173: If there are more than one reference bases, return true. This indicates that the sequence is being used in multiple places and should be replaced by its own
4174: This Python function returns the last part of an absolute path, ie., it removes all preceding directories from fullfile name and only keeps filename/extension
4175: This Python function is used to scale the coordinates of an object. It takes in two parameters, x and y which represent current values respectively; then it
4176: This function calculates the appropriate value of Learning Rate based on Decay rate and Epoch number.  It's used in training deep neural networks
4177: This Python function takes as input an array of values separated by commas, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each element before adding it to
4178: This Python script creates dictionaries to map category IDs and names respectively from the given list of dictionary objects 'category' with their corresponding superclass or
4179: This function returns the domain name from an email address by splitting on '.' and taking second element of split array which is assumed to be our desired output
4180: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4181: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an hourly wage by taking into account overtime pay, which is calculated as half time worked in
4182: Return an object with the information of one Switch, including its name and state as well description – in JSON format on KNX/US standard
4183: This script is used to find all files that contain both patterns 'pattern_one' &amp;#x03A9;&nbsp;"and
4184: If predicted outputs do no match with their corresponding targets, it raises an error.  This is to ensure that both sets of data have been correctly aligned
4185: This script creates an empty list and then fills it with tuples representing the positions of each panel within n by m grid system using given parameters such
4186: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at x or zero and then clamp it to between one tenth percentile value in range from [
4187: This Python function checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to class "list". If it does not belong then converts that into one element of
4188: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'ENV' contains an entry with key as XRT\_ TP U CONFIG'. If it does not
4189: This line of the given C++ program adds to 'years' variable, which is initially set as zero. The value in second parameter ('seconds')
4190: This function removes the pipe character from both ends of each string in an input list, returning them as output without any pipes at all if they are not
4191: “This program calculates and displays an estimate of how much power is required to maintain one's home or office space, given their current temperature
4192: This Python function returns the coordinates of all points that are reachable from an initial point. It uses depth first search to find these coords and stores
4193: This function calculates the slope of linear interpolation between two points. The formula is derived from basic algebra and computer science principles, but it's
4194: This function returns the negative of signal. It is used to invert or negation an input number, ie., it changes its sign from positive into
4195: This function checks if the character at index i in an inputted array of strings is either not printable, contains non ASCII characters and/or
4196: This function returns the file name with prefix and net number appended to it, formatted as ${var}-name or something similar based on input parameters
4197: This function checks whether the given longitude is within one of two domains defined by boundaries. If it's on either boundary, returns true; otherwise
4198: This function calculates the sum of arc and rotations, then takes that result modulo with three sixty. It returns an angle in degrees between -
4199: This Python script splits the given text into multiple lines, and returns only one line at index 0 of these newlines separated by two consecutive "\
4200: This function takes an input 'X' and returns the dictionary {'Y': X^1.0}.  The output is simply Y = square of
4201: This Python function is used to calculate the power of two that can be represented as an integer in python. The while loop continues until it finds such number
4202: This Python function returns the input list after removing duplicates and sorting it by length. The result is reversed to get longest strings first as per
4203: This function calculates the range of values in an input list. The mean and standard deviation are calculated firstly from given data set then these two parameters
4204: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4205: This function resizes the input data to match another given 'dataSize', while also scaling it down. If either of these two inputs are missing values
4206: This line of Python script returns the result from evaluating format string.  It's used to parse and execute strings that contain placeholders, which are
4207: This Python function calculates the total of all digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking off one's digit from right to left
4208: This python script converts two numbers into lists of digs, then finds the intersection between these ‘lists’ and returns false if there are no
4209: This Python function calculates the number of bonds in an array. The formula is derived from some mathematical principles, but it'll be hard to understand
4210: This Python function calculates the harmonic mean of two sets. The sum is calculated using list comprehension and built in functions like 'len' or len
4211: This function finds the index of first break point where given 'value' is greater than it. If there are no such breks, then returns length
4212: Prints "Good day world!" and returns the sum of two numbers.  [Solution] Code is simple but it does not do anything useful
4213: This Python function calculates the ratio of each value to its total. It then returns an array with these ratios, one per element from input list '
4214: This Python script filters out the keys and values from 'dictionary' that have `None` as their value using comprehension with conditional statement within it
4215: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4216: Converts the input to lowercase and checks if it's one of specific values, returning boolean result accordingly."  [END]  ```
4217: This Python script loops over the 'clusters' dictionary and assigns an ECI index to each linear function. If it already has one assigned
4218: This Python function takes in the time as input and converts it into degrees format using hours(h), minutes(&mins); seconds((s)).
4219: Return True if the version number is within range, False otherwise.  The versions are compared in string format and must be validated before use to avoid
4220: This Python script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The coordinates are given in form [left top right bottom] and it returns their minimum x &
4221: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the "Name's from 'Participants Dict'" by iterating over each key
4222: This line of the function checks if an element is present as one or more elements from another list. If it's found, then returns True;
4223: This Python function calculates the load factor based on current and noLoad values, which are both given as input parameters to it in kW/h
4224: This function returns the ratio of instances to all objects in an object pool. It's used by some algorithms that require counting or estimating how many
4225: This line of the script splits file name by "." and then split it into two parts based on "_". The last part is returned as output
4226: This Python script is used to undo the configuration of one or more LogHosts on an IMC system by appending "undone" before
4227: If the value of 'S' is less than or equal to zero, it returns "0". This condition checks whether our input number has any negative
4228: This Python script is used to modify the elements of each row within an inputted 3D numpy array. The function takes as parameters two integers
4229: This Python script converts the dictionary to list of tuples using comprehension and returns it as output – one line solution without any imports
4230: This Python function checks whether the input 'Data' variable contains only lists. If it does contain one or more elements that are either strings and/or
4231: This Python function returns the same result as its input but in one liner. It filters out all non positive numbers from an iterable and then conver
4232: This Python function calculates the number of filter values needed to cover an area with given dimensions and minimum required thickness in pixels or millimeters based on
4233: If either of the lists is empty, return false. Otherwise check each element from first to see whether it exists within second one and returns true when found
4234: This Python function checks if the input value is either an integer or float. If it's not one of these two types then returns false otherwise true
4235: This is an implementation of the escape() method in Python. It takes as input one string, and returns that same escaped version with all special characters replaced
4236: A Python dictionary that represents an Action object. The name of the operation is stored in 'Name' and it can be executed using BASH commands given
4237: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the first string in that list converted to all capital letters. The second part is used with regex
4238: This line of the Python script checks whether variable 'x' is equal to string value "'Yes'" and returns either integer one or zero. If not
4239: This line of the given Python function returns half its input tensor plus 0.5, which is an operation that scales up or down by factor two
4240: If the length of 'ad_i' is greater than 4, it will remove first six characters from string. Then convert remaining part to integer
4241: This line of the function calculates and returns an element in array 'f' at index i plus one, divided by its own value. The result
4242: If the file name does not contain an underscore, return it as is; otherwise split by "_" and take second part of string list returned from
4243: This function finds the largest digit in an integer. It starts by checking whether it has reached its maximum number of iterations or not and returns 'None'
4244: This Python function sorts the given sequence by length in descending order and then alphabetically. The sequences are firstly ordered based on their lengths;
4245: "Maps" is an operation that converts one data structure into another, in our case it's converting from 'CppTypeToPy
4246: This function calculates the loss of an optimization problem with two variables 'X' and returns it as output in one line using Python programming language –
4247: This function searches through the dictionary and its nested dictionaries/lists to find all keys that match any of several provided keywords or lists within these sources."""
4248: Returns the "reportTime" field of an object.  This is used to determine when and how often data should be reported in real time or on
4249: This function calculates mean squared error between two arrays. It checks whether both lists have equal lengths, raises an exception otherwise; then it computes
4250: If the function is called with an argument that ends in "_c", it will return 'CT'. Otherwise, returns nothing or empty string depending on whether
4251: This line of the script calculates four variables, bb which is an array containing 8 elements. The values are scaled down by 'bb\_
4252: This Python function is used to find the version of an application from its unique hashed name, if it exists within given dictionary 'hashes'.
4253: This Python script converts the 'graph' dictionary into an equivalent sequence of differences. The input is two paths and it generates one line output by adding
4254: If the list is empty, return true. Otherwise check each element of "lst" to see whether it has an ESSID matching with given
4255: This function calculates the normalized rotation factor based on BH/HR ratio and returns it multiplied by an exponential decay term, which is then scaled
4256: The program flags the enrollments as 'flag' based on registration preferences.  It also limits enrolling only at Sopho/Freshman or
4257: This function replaces special characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by some browsers, such us Python'
4258: This function checks if the last element of two paths are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True – based on whether
4259: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns 'Value Error'. Otherwise calculates and formats percentage ratio of
4260: This Python script creates two dictionaries based on the input dictionary 'dic' and list of key names/identifiers provided as arguments ('keys'). The
4261: This Python function merges two dictionaries by copying values from the second dictionary to first if they don't exist, and then adding keys that are
4262: This script counts the number of times "A" appears as part of DNA sequence.  It initializes three counters to zero, then iterates
4263: This program continuously subtracts the smaller value from larger one until it becomes zero. The two values are swapped at each step to keep track of
4264: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using dynamic programming. It uses 'memo' to store previously calculated values, thus avoiding
4265: This function calculates the average of two numbers, where one number is multiplied by 'n' and another divided equally to get halfway between them
4266: This function converts bytes to the largest possible units. It uses binary prefixes and returns results rounded upto one decimal place as per requirement of problem
4267: Code assigns the values of variables 'bounds' and coordinates ('ax', ay),('bx','by') to two different arrays. Then it
4268: This line of the Python script checks whether or not `parent_id` has been set. If it hasn't, then we assign ‘
4269: This function takes in an input string, removes all non digit characters and returns the result as one long String.  It uses Python's builtin
4270: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4271: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on its length and values in 'dynamic' list. The formula used is dependent upon whether or
4272: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4273: If the value of 'x' is less than or equal to an "indifferent" level, return one. Otherwise it returns zero; otherwise known
4274: This line of the Python function is concatenating three strings together. The first two are taken from variables, and 'end' comes last in alphabet
4275: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed. It does not reverse spaces, but keeps them intact
4276: This Python script filters out empty boxes from the roidbs list, creating new lists with only nonempty ones and returning them as output of function "
4277: Code: Return the area of triangle formed by four given  coordinates. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic trigonometry, vector algebra
4278: This Python script splits the input string by ":" and then further split it into two parts based on "-". The first part is considered as '
4279: If the two values are equal, it returns one; otherwise either zero or its own reciprocal depending on which is larger/smaller than other
4280: This function checks whether the string contains comma and returns second part of it, else return an empty String – Code is to split input by commas
4281: This script will start the PM “serve” command with specified parameters. The output is redirected to stdout and stderr, respectively; it
4282: This Python function returns the ordinal of an input number. If no such case exists, it will return empty string – ie., not found
4283: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4284: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
4285: This python function reverses the DNA sequence. It takes an input string of nucleotides and returns its reverse complementary strand as output."
4286: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4287: This function returns the nth card from deck of cards.  The list contains all possible values in order, and each value is represented by an index
4288: This Python script calculates the rate of rareness among different events using frequency count and average event rates from data points 'x'. The result is
4289: This function takes in parameters to construct an URL. It checks if the provided arguments are present and appends them accordingly; otherwise it leaves out those parts
4290: This function finds the smallest positive integer 'x' such that "m*n" is congruent to 1 modulo n. If
4291: If the number of given 'point' objects is less than three then it raises an error with message "Not sufficient Points!" and calculates area
4292: This is an example of nested list comprehension. It creates and returns another 3D matrix, where each element at position [i], j ,
4293: This Python script converts the list of strings into dictionary using 'equals' as keys and values respectively by splitting each string on "==" symbol,
4294: This Python script modifies the list of names by removing any entries that are longer than 4 characters, followed either with an open parenthesis or dot
4295: This Python script is used to convert the JSON data from each record of 'proc\_data' into dictionary format and then append it onto list named "
4296: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4297: A function that takes in two elements of the cartesians coordinate system, maps them to alphabets and returns their combined string. The first
4298: This line of the given Python script checks if "filename." ends with ".XML", case insensitive, using regular expressions in python's 're
4299: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then extracts version information from it, returning only major part of that number as string type in
4300: This function checks whether the given URL starts with either 'www.' or one of its prefixes. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
4301: This function is used to replace the prefix "static" with just one underscore at start of each __global___ statement, if it exists within multiple
4302: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4303: This function calculates the value of an equation using two given functions and their derivatives, with one being constant in terms to simplify calculations later on when needed
4304: This Python function calculates the time to wait before timing out in seconds. The parameters are stored as variables and used within an operation that depends on them
4305: This function tries to parse the input string as float and returns true if successful. If not possible it will return false indicating an error occurred during parsing
4306: This line of the Python script converts 'float' data type to integer. It then calculates and returns negative reciprocal value which is equivalent
4307: This function checks whether the given number is divisible by either 'big' and/or smaller. If it does, return true; otherwise false are
4308: If both fields are empty, return true. Otherwise check whether the two values match; otherwise returns false – Code Summary -> "If Both Field
4309: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers less than 'n' that are divisible by either three, fourteen(or five), six
4310: This function is used to adjust the learning rate based on an input parameter 'epoch'. If it's less than or equal, equals one hundred
4311: This Python function checks whether an object or its type returns true when the condition isn't met; otherwise it will return false based on different conditions and
4312: This Python function calculates the sum of series using an iterative method. The input is two lists, 'a' and x', where each element
4313: This Python script generates the sequence of operations to solve an array partition problem using subsets and their properties, which is based on binary representation where ith bit
4314: This Python function splits the "ipal entry" dictionary into two separate fields. It checks if there are exactly 3 elements in each part of
4315: This Python function counts the number of elements greater than 'coord' reference. It uses list comprehension to iteratively check each element and increment counter
4316: If no specific field list or parameters are provided it will return an empty dictionary; otherwise returns the specified parameter values from each of those given keys/fields
4317: This Python function counts the number of "-" characters at both ends and returns them as two separate values. It uses nested loops to traverse through each
4318: This function checks whether the carrier is on or off. If it's either, then return true; otherwise false – based upon input from another
4319: This Python script generates the list of file paths to be used in Terraform configuration files based on environment and region variables set by user or default values provided
4320: If the input 'role' is one among several roles, return its corresponding product name if it matches any given condition; otherwise returns original value as default
4321: This function multiplies the input number by 10, then rounds it to its nearest integer. The result is returned as an output of that specific
4322: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' based on some conditions in an equation, where it multiplies by ten when condition is true and
4323: If the length of actions is zero or does not include an approved transaction then raise value error. Else get data from specific field and return it as
4324: This function checks whether the input number is prime. If it's either zero, one of two numbers that are both primes and less than n
4325: This function takes in an input of type String and returns the longest substring that is not empty. If there are no non-" " characters found it
4326: This Python script calculates the length of line segment between consecutive pairs from given list 'point'. The formula used is absolute difference which gives us an idea
4327: This Python function generates the FIBONACCI series up to 'n' using an iterative approach with list comprehension and condition checking in one
4328: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
4329: This function takes two parameters and returns the result of adding or subtracting one value from another. The first parameter is added to ‘x’ in
4330: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4331: This line of the function returns whether or not two numbers are within an absolute difference less than 'epsilon'.  It uses Python's built in functions
4332: This function checks if every value is within the threshold of its corresponding index. If not, it returns False; otherwise True after checking each pairwise difference
4333: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4334: This function takes three parameters and checks their types. If any of them are incorrect type it raises an error with the appropriate message; otherwise returns some bit
4335: This Python function splits an integer into individual digts and returns them as list.  It uses the builtin int() method to convert num from
4336: If the input number is greater than or equal to  30, return twice its difference from given value. Otherwise it will give absolute of how far
4337: This script is used to find the correct DNS server based on user input and return it if found, else returns 'None'.  It uses an array
4338: This is an implementation of the binary representation in Python. It counts how many “bits” are needed to represent n, where 'n' can
4339: This Python script creates an empty array named 'list' and assigns it to the variable "i". It then iterates over each item of dictionary
4340: This Python function reverses the digits of an integer number and returns them as list format in reverse order, ie., from right to left digit
4341: If the input 'search space' variable type as List then it will iterates over each item of that array. It checks whether an attribute from any
4342: This Python function takes an integer representing time in millisecond as input and returns the same value but formatted into hours minutes seconds with microseconds. The result
4343: This function takes an input and checks its type to decide how it should be processed - string or List of Strings/Characters; If the given
4344: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' and returns it along with its calculated result. The calculation is done by adding two keys ('K
4345: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three variables, which is not very clear and could be improved by adding more context or making it
4346: This function checks if the "data" dictionary contains an entry with dev id starting as 'risingh' followed by ‘HF’,
4347: This Python function calculates the center coordinates of two rectangles given their dimensions. The formula used is simple and efficient to calculate these values as it directly
4348: This line of Python script returns the resultant value after raising e to x/1e, which is equivalent in mathematical form as multiplying by power
4349: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
4350: This function checks whether the input variable 'is_str', which should be of type `<class \"'types\">` and returns it as such
4351: This function minimizes an object by recursively calling itself on its elements and returning the minimum value found so far or just returns original element when it'
4352: A dictionary is created with three keys, "alloedModes", “AllowedBuffersize” and the other two are set to
4353: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
4354: If the input 'num' is less then zero, it raises an error message stating that num should not exceed value of -3 and more; otherwise
4355: This function checks whether the given value is within an interval. If it's not, then returns either of two values depending on which one falls into
4356: This Python function calculates the percentage of each element's contribution to an overall calculation by dividing its corresponding 'value'/total value and then append
4357: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements present within an input list.  It uses 'for' loop to iteratively add each element from
4358: This line of Python script calculates the absolute difference between two lists and sums them up. It uses map function to apply abs on each element in both
4359: This Python function checks whether the input number is negative, zero or positive. It returns an integer indicating which case it falls into and its value accordingly (-
4360: If the 'weight' is zero, it throws an exception of type "Zeor/Devideion Error" with message "'zero division or
4361: This Python function checks whether the input 'Start' value falls within an acceptable range (-n_dimensionality ~ 1). If it does not fall
4362: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
4363: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and another list of integers. It returns the summation result as per your requirement or else it throws error
4364: Splits the string into two parts based on colon and converts them to floats if they are not empty strings; otherwise it leaves as is
4365: This line of the Python script checks whether 'fname' contains string value equal to “AMS” or not, and assigns different values
4366: This Python function calculates the number of elements that are different between two lists. It uses list comprehension and `zip` to iteratively pair corresponding
4367: This line of the program checks whether an object is present within our 'inventory' dictionary. If it does, we delete that key from its
4368: This Python function checks whether the string 'target' is present as either an element of list ['a', ‘b’, ...] or not
4369: If the current input is not equal to some precomputed constant, return that. Otherwise continue with computation of next part in array/list based on
4370: Return whether the drones state status is active.  Code snippet provided in question, returns true if it's an Active Droner and
4371: This function calculates the cost of shipping based on different ranges and conditions, with specific rates applied to each range or condition separately as per requirements in problem
4372: This Python script reads JSON data from 'members' and creates an empty list called ```"MembersList".``` Then it iterates over each value
4373: If the length of 'Value' is 1, it raises an error stating that no label was provided. Otherwise return "label". This function checks
4374: This line of the Python function calculates an energy loss based on electrical resistance and signal strength. The formula is derived from Ohm's law,
4375: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns maximum value from five elements in an array. The values are taken as ‘x’,
4376: This Python script generates an exclusion list from the 's' variable. The input is two lists - one to be excluded and another not being used
4377: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
4378: This Python script calculates the surface of an irregular polygon using its vertices and returns it as float number – one line only with no comments or unnecessary
4379: This line of the given Python script returns all hashes from 'inquirer' that have an index name equal to `iName`, which
4380: This function checks if the given object 'Target' belongs to class or method in Python programming language using `type()` builtin python functions which returns
4381: Prints out the string "deprecated" and suggests using 'Query' as its replacement, which will be used in future versions of your program to avoid
4382: This Python script splits the input string into key/value pairs, then stores them as dictionary entries with keys being unique and values not; it uses
4383: This Python function splits the input string on either ":" or "\r\t" and returns second part of it, if exists else return '
4384: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
4385: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'pkg' exists within an input string, which seems to be related with MUNKI.
4386: This function takes an input string, checks if it contains the word 'gu' or any of its variants ('Guerney', etc.), then returns
4387: This is the formula of an ellipse in polar coordinates. It's basically just two terms, one squared and another multiplied by some
4388: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 1/(lambda_t / tau). The lambda is set to be constant,
4389: This Python function checks the protocol of an IP packet and returns its name. If it's neither 4 nor TCP, or not UDP either
4390: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, where one number is divided by another and then multiplied with an additional factor to get rid off some
4391: This function splits the given string into different parts based on underscore character and returns them in order as separate variables using Python'os module functions to
4392: This Python script converts an array of strings into one long string with double quotes around each element, separated by commas and without any spaces or new
4393: This Python function converts seconds into minutes and then further to the hour format. It uses 'divide by' operator in combination with modulus operation
4394: This function converts the first letter of each word to lowercase. It does not affect any other characters or numbers present at that position, and it
4395: This function tries to get the value of an input parameter with given 'key' from list `params`, if it exists then returns its corresponding Value
4396: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is c, and it returns one third times what's in front or behind depending on
4397: This Python script checks whether the 'metadata' key exists within each dictionary entry of `featureCollection`, and replaces it with its corresponding value from
4398: This line of the script is splitting up an input filename into its base and extension using Python's built in pathlib module, which allows us to
4399: This Python script attempts to get the volume level of an audio device using amixe command in Unices and returns it as integer value, if no
4400: This Python function takes an iterable of rows and returns the same structure as input. The key is determined by indexing with `enumerate` which gives
4401: This function is used to calculate the number of different ways you can use certain amount literals as fuel. The first condition checks whether there are no more
4402: This Python script decrypts the file name by adding an extra string to it based on its extension if there is one; otherwise just returns original base
4403: This Python script generates an output file with the specified number of lines based on input from 'segments' variable and writes it to disk as "id
4404: Checks whether the key 'code' exists within each dictionary of violation list. If it doesn’t exist, adds one with default value ‘
4405: This function takes in two parameters 'code' and the time it took to execute that piece of python script. It returns start & end indices within which
4406: This Python function takes two colors as input, and returns the result of mixing them using linear interpolation between ‘mix’ value which is assumed to
4407: This Python function calculates the average of numbers in an input list. The result is returned as 'weighed' or "averaged" value
4408: A matrix is created with the given dimensions and filled diagonally. The first row has default values from diagonal part of input array while other rows have
4409: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
4410: This Python function converts input to either numeric type or string. If the given object 'is instance of' any data types other than int/
4411: This function checks the length of 'details' and, based on that value generates an appropriate amount or no space. If it is less than one nine
4412: This Python function tries to return the id of an object, if it exists; otherwise returns None or another default value specified in 'param'.  It
4413: This line prints out what data structure we are using to store our split string, which in turn tells us that it's an array or list with
4414: Code: This Python function takes three lists as input, and produces an output list based on the lengths of these inputs. The length comparison is used to
4415: This script generates an HTML table from the data provided by 'read' function of Pandas DataFrame, where each element is wrapped into <TD
4416: This Python script counts the number of atoms/elements present within all molecule objects.  It does so by iterating over each object and counting
4417: If the function receives an "None" as argument it returns nothing and checks whether or not its parameter type in string format; then splits that into
4418: This Python function breaks up the input string into chucks of size one sixth, converts each chunk to floating point number and returns as list. If
4419: This script generates two lists of Named Entity Recognition labels, which are then used to generate the list "toks". The first part
4420: This line of the Python program returns an integer that is equivalent to shifting bits in binary representation. The number 1 bit left corresponds with raising it power
4421: If the size is less than minimum required then print an error message and return false else true – Code checks whether input files are large enough or not
4422: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4423: Returns an error message and the response data. 1/3 of total lines are used to generate these two pieces, followed by "Error" in
4424: This function returns the number of days in each month based on whether or not it's leap year. The months with an even numbered day count
4425: This Python function creates and populates an empty dictionary. It then fills the required cells in it with 'filled' or '- filled'. The keys of
4426: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two sets of coordinates. It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate and add up all absolute differences
4427: Checks if the first four elements of two lists are equal. If they're all true, returns True; otherwise it will stop checking as soon
4428: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, it returns "None". Otherwise，it converts all characters in string to lowercase and return
4429: This script is creating an empty dictionary and then populating it with data from another dict using if/else statements to handle specific keys ("host" or
4430: This function takes in the coordinates of two corners and returns their center. It calculates by averaging them together then returning that result as well which is
4431: This Python script checks if the reference and its corresponding generation are equal or not by comparing each pair of tokens from both sequences using 'zip'. If any
4432: This function checks whether the system is Windows or not. If it finds that "build" contains an entry with key named as `“‘’”
4433: This line of the given Python script checks if 'key' is present as an item within dictionary "mydict". If it does, then returns True
4434: This line of the given Python script checks whether "vol" has an attribute named 'volume' or not. If it does, then assigns its
4435: This function takes in one parameter, checks whether the inputted 'string' ends with either an ‘i’ or another character followed by two vow
4436: This Python script calculates the number of bits needed to represent all ‘on’ cells. The function 'calculation' is used with nested loops
4437: This function returns the value of padding, border and content box in CSS.  It takes two parameters - 'keyword' which is either one among three
4438: Splits the string by '.', and joins it with '_'.  This is used to create labels in models that are not unique but can be
4439: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4440: This function sorts the input object based on its type and content - it recursively handles dictionaries/lists of any kind until reaching primitive types like int
4441: If the list is not empty, it loops through each element of 'pis' and adds them to string. Else returns None as resultant
4442: This function replaces all occurrences of the key with its corresponding replacement in Python string object 'raw'.  The result is returned as output which
4443: This line of the given Python script splits each string in 'date' by " T ". The result is an array where first element contains year,
4444: If the 'display results' flag isn’t set, it will return an error message. Otherwise... – depending on how many of your total
4445: Create dictionary to store message data.  Code is storing the header, content and metadata of an incoming messaging service's response in one single line
4446: This function checks whether two input strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the lengths, and then checking that every character from
4447: This Python function takes three parameters and returns the values of budgets as 3 lists with their corresponding elements being multiplied by two in each case where
4448: This line of Python script prints the name and contents from an input file.  The function takes two parameters - filename as 'input' parameter which is
4449: This Python function calculates the difference between two values and normalizes it to be within 0.1 of an existing value or maximum possible by div
4450: Print the current resource names and set them as new custom property.  This is done by setting "machine_name". The value of it will be
4451: This Python function reads the name from an input string and returns it after removing any trailing slashes or spaces, if present in that order of occurrence
4452: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The values used in calculation are given as input parameters to calculate it, with 'h
4453: This function checks whether two intervals overlap. If they do, the return value is true; otherwise it returns false and stops execution of further operations in Python
4454: This line of Python script splits the input ':' into list items using split() function and assigns it to variable named "string_List".
4455: This function checks whether the condition is met and returns specific information based on that check; in case of failure it doesn' configuration file name"  }
4456: If the 'allelename` parameter of `getGenesForVariation() function in Python, it will return Gene name otherwise returns concatenated string
4457: Removes leading and trailing whitespace, checks if the string is empty after stripping it; returns original unmodified strings that are neither all
4458: This line of the Python script converts all lowercase characters to upper case and checks if it's equal with any value from an array ["true
4459: This function checks if the IP address is within one of four specific ranges defined by ‘ip’ variable, which are used to represent different network segments
4460: This line of the Python function returns an array with four elements, which are calculated based on input parameters. The first two values represent coordinates in x and
4461: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on whether the first argument is greater than, less then and equal to second. If they
4462: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'dictionary' and checks if each value is greater than or equal to
4463: This Python function uses the Euclidean algorithm to find Greatest Common Divisor of two numbers. It keeps replacing one number with another until it becomes zero
4464: This Python function calculates the indices of an object in 3D space given its position and dimensions. It uses integer division to ensure that only whole
4465: This line of the script is setting three variables, "name", “volumne" and 'prices' to their respective values from dictionary
4466: If the step is less than one, it returns '1'. Otherwise check whether we're at maximum steps. Return either of them depending on which
4467: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of two times its value plus one. It's just another example to show how functions work
4468: This Python function calculates the difference between two ages and returns them as dictionary. The first value is 'temporal cycle' which represents how many
4469: This function takes two parameters - src and regex. It replaces all occurrences of the given regular expression in string 'data' with another specified
4470: This Python function removes leading whitespace from the start of each string in an iterable object, effectively stripping it out and returning only nonempty strings
4471: If the given tuple 'd' is equal to one of four specific tuples then it returns corresponding coordinates in two dimensions. Else raises an
4472: This Python function checks if the input ARN string starts with "service/" and returns its content after that, else it will return 'None'.
4473: This line of Python function calculates and returns an angle in degrees between [−π, +π] by adding or subtracting it from some initial
4474: This Python function checks the value of 'event' and returns an appropriate string based on its type. It also handles exceptions when it encounters any other
4475: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists. It uses list comprehension and builtin function 'zip' to iteratively pair
4476: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cube of its value plus one. The result is returned in Int type, which can be any
4477: This Python script converts the date string into three separate variables, each representing one of its components. It then returns these as product values which are calculated
4478: This line of Python script copies the values from 'b' into another object called "c" and then updates that copy with those new elements found in
4479: This function calculates the position of an element in 3D space. It takes two parameters - num and column which is used to calculate its location
4480: This function calculates the value of an investment with compound interest. It takes three parameters, 'n' is number term and it returns calculated result in
4481: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4482: This Python function checks whether the keys of two dictionaries are equal and raises an error when they're not identical in terms only their key sets but
4483: This Python script attempts to read lines from the specified requirements textfile and returns an empty list if no such .txt exists or throws exception otherwise it prints
4484: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers. The first number is calculated as 'sum' divided by both original and reciprocal values;
4485: This function checks if the marker's longitude and latitude are within valid ranges. If not, it raises an error message "Invalid Coordinates
4486: This Python script prints the opening Luke'a numeral. If no input, it returns – or "No SOLUTION". Otherwise if
4487: This Python function calculates the next value of 'y' based on an input parameter, which is added to some constant factor. The resultant output
4488: This Python function checks if the availability key exists within 'datasets' JSON object, then fetches its value. If it is available or not
4489: This Python function checks whether the input 'k' exists within an iterable object. If it does exist then returns true else false or raises exception depending
4490: This line of the given Python script returns only one word from each sentence in an array, which is second part after splitting by space character ' '.
4491: This function checks if the string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it to its reverse version, which we get using slicing
4492: If the 'input' object exists, return its text content without leading/trailing whitespace; otherwise empty string will be returned as default value in
4493: This line of the given Python function returns tuples containing three elements. The first two are multiplied by 'sc' and third element is also
4494: If the URL ends with '/', remove it and append 'Build/Report'. Otherwise, just return "Building ID / Report PDF".  This function
4495: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
4496: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
4497: This line of the function returns val divided by 'to' and then multiplied with tolerance. The result is rounded off using Python built in "round
4498: This Python function splits the input 'string' into two substrings at ':'. If there is an ID after splitting it will return as dictionary with
4499: If the 'Speak' function has no argument or if it receives an empty string as input then return character map. Otherwise convert lowercase of Spe
4500: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer that are set to 'one' using bitwise operations. It uses while loop and shifts operation
4501: This Python function filters out elements from the first input 'list' that are also present as integers or strings within second/input "set" / array
4502: This Python script is used to find if the given name exists within an imported list of names, and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it'
4503: This Python script loops over each dictionary within the list 'dicts' and assigning values to keys. The function then returns back all modified lists of
4504: "Convert underscores to dashes in string name".  Code is used as input and output. It replaces all occurrences of "_
4505: This Python script generates an array of 'n' fields names with the prefix "pref" and numbers from 0 to N inclusive using list comprehension
4506: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors using numpy library and returns it as an output in one line of python program with only
4507: This function checks if the first part of 'child' file path is same as parent directory name in Python 3+ using startwith() method,
4508: This Python script takes an arbitrary number of command line arguments and converts them into dictionary format where the argument names are keys, their values correspond to those
4509: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in pixels, given an object's position and size. The returned values are calculated based on screen resolution
4510: This function compares two lists and returns the number of common elements. If one/both input arrays are empty it will return zero as there's
4511: This Python function generates all the prime factorization of an input number, by using trial division to find primes upto square root and then appending
4512: This Python script filters alerts based on severities, ignoring all other conditions specified by the user or defaulted to 'All'. It then returns
4513: This Python function converts an HTML color string to RGBA format, where the first two characters of each hexadecimal value are converted from base
4514: This Python script replaces the placeholders with values from an input dictionary 'vars'. The variables are replaced sequentially, one by another and it returns
4515: This function checks the input values to ensure that they are within specified boundaries. If any of these conditions aren't met an error will raise with message
4516: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the major.minor or build number in string format using bitwise operations to extract specific parts of
4517: Checks if the lowercase version of expected and par ids are not equal. If they're different, it returns true; otherwise false or
4518: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'icons' dictionary and adds each one to our new formatting as dictionaries into
4519: This function returns zero when the 'last hire date' is less or equal to one years, and otherwise it will return nonzero. The purpose of
4520: This function checks whether the input string is valid. It returns false when there's an empty or non uppercase first character, and also it has
4521: This function takes in two parameters, 'text' and the tag to be found within that text; it returns any part of "Text" before or
4522: This Python function checks whether the input file name has an extension or it's just one part of its path, and then returns that lowercased
4523: Update the 'publications' dictionary with severities and urgencies from PDV 1 to be used in creating incidents on paged duty v
4524: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the input 'data' which is assumed to be 3D array or
4525: Deletes all entries with count 1 from the 'risk' list and returns comma separated string of remaining elements, if any exist else it will
4526: This Python function takes as input an iterable of numbers, and returns the same output but formatted with commas instead “of” spaces between each
4527: This Python script calculates the difference between consecutive elements of two nested list. It then sums up all these differences to give an overall score or result which
4528: This Python function counts the number of 'A', then subtracts 3 from it, and finally returns that result minus another count based on specific
4529: If the length of 'Shape' is 1, return that value. Otherwise do nothing and continue with next line or statement in program flow control structure
4530: This function checks if the difference between two colors' Hues is less than some given 'threshold'. It also takes into account that one color might
4531: This Python function converts an input to binary. If the type of num variable can either Integer and String then it will convert that number into its equivalent
4532: This Python function takes in chunk key as input and extracts the number of items from it. The extracted values are then returned formatted with col id ,
4533: This Python function splits the given URL into two parts, and then returns an updated version of that same string with 'GitHub' prepend
4534: This python function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers, and returns that as an integer. The result is stored within 'Storage Change' variable
4535: This script checks if the given project's ID ends with "-deb", -debian," web site"," publishing deb." etc., it also determines
4536: This function checks if the current state of 'player' matches with given condition. If it does, return true; otherwise false or error message depending on
4537: This Python function calculates the start and stop coordinates of an object in 6D space given its widths. The dimensions are assumed to be centered
4538: This function checks if the player has won by checking whether any letter of their guesses are present within our secret list. If so, it returns true
4539: This Python script checks if the input is in IPv4 format using regular expressions and returns whether it's correct or not based on that check result
4540: Checks if the data is not empty. If it's, returns false; otherwise true or an error message depending on what happens in case of
4541: This function returns the maximum letter based on its input value. If it's less than or equal to 2, then 'L', else greater
4542: This line of the Python script checks whether or not 'varType' has been defined. If it hasn’t, then return its value; otherwise
4543: This function returns the result of ax+b. It's an example to understand how functions work in Python programming language, where 'a', and
4544: If the input is zero, return it as such; otherwise calculate and then multiply by two to get twice its value minus one in Python scripting
4545: This line of the given C++ program multiplies an integer by another. The result is stored in 'product'. 	Product = Factor;
4546: If the input value `None` then return nothing. Else check whether it's an integer or not; otherwise raise error "illegals
4547: If the 'scope' is equal to ['all'], return all three types of issues, otherwise just returns what was passed in.  This allows you
4548: “Multiplies two numbers”. If no arguments are passed in or one argument is not provided but another exists; returns that number multiplied by
4549: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If it's zero, returns 'zero'. Else return its own value times recurs
4550: This function takes in text as input, converts it to upper case and then strips the whitespace.  It returns that resultant string after being
4551: This Python script converts the input string to lowercase and splits it into individual "tok" or lexical units, returning them as list
4552: This function converts an integer to binary and removes the 'bin' prefix.  It is used in some specific algorithms where we need only one line
4553: This Python function checks whether the input 'column' or list of column names are provided. If not given it returns an empty array; otherwise return that
4554: This function returns the string ' C ', followed by input parameter.  It's just concatenating two strings in Python, but it does not do
4555: This Python function is used to encode/decode binary data. It takes an input string of hexadecimal characters as the parameter which are then encoded
4556: Creates an empty list named "faces" to store the face images. ...(continued...) ...   # Continue with your program'
4557: This function checks if both input strings contain an integer part only. If so it returns True; otherwise False is returned." (one="
4558: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values - average coordinates along X & Y axes.  The first value is calculated as
4559: This line of the Python script checks if process ID matches with current running PID, which is an important part in ensuring that your program runs as expected
4560: This function calculates the force of attraction between two objects, given their distance and mass. The formula is derived from Newton's law applied to three
4561: If the two configurations are identical, return true. Else check whether 'Persistent' is one of their keys and set its dataset id to x
4562: This Python function is used to filter out the elements that are present more than once, based on their keys from 'pattern' dictionary and return only those
4563: If the variable 'resource' is equal to string value of all, it will get list from dictionary with key named as resource and assign that into another
4564: This Python function calculates the UV coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input parameters are x and y which represent pixel positions on screen
4565: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It uses bitwise operations to calculate each number in turn and returns two values as output
4566: A dictionary is created with username and pasword as keys. The values are assigned to the respective key in one line of python script  Code_summary
4567: This function returns an empty string. It takes two parameters - action and number but does not do anything with them as per the problem statement's requirements
4568: This function checks if the solution is within constraint. If it're not, an error message will be displayed and program execution stops here to avoid further
4569: This line of Python function returns the cube value. It takes an input 'x' and calculates its cubic power using exponentiation operator "^
4570: This function raises an error when the input is not within valid ranges. It then shifts left by that many bits and returns it as result, similar to
4571: This function raises an error when the input 'int' isn’t valid. It then calculates and returns half of (( ‘three times your
4572: This Python function takes an input list of lists and returns the same output as if it were transposed using numpy's `transpose` method
4573: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The result is negative, as it's expected to be inversely related with
4574: Returns true if the given input is of type Bool. If not, it returns false or an error message indicating that its argument isn't convert
4575: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4576: This function tries to find the colon in 'Location' and returns everything before it if found; otherwise return original value of Location or raises exception when something
4577: This Python function checks the processing level of an object and assigns it to `float` type variable. If PROCESSOR is Level – I
4578: This function calculates the normalized value of an input 'x' based on its greater than or equal to some threshold ('lim'). The result is then
4579: This function checks if the given number is an Armstrong Number. It converts each digit of that numeral to its power and then sums them up
4580: This line of the given C++ program is returning two values. The first value, long N's high half byte(bitwise shift right by
4581: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an output. The input variables are fabric name, network type which will be concatenated with "-
4582: This Python function checks whether the input string has exactly two characters that appear an even number of times, and returns true only when it does so; otherwise
4583: This Python function creates and returns an array of tuples. Each tuple contains the index 'I' from 1 to n where I is equal
4584: This Python function splits the string 's' into three parts, converts them to integers and returns these as separate values in tuple format if they
4585: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
4586: This function calculates the difference between 'bus stops' input and output. It takes two lists as inputs, one with number of passengers entering/le
4587: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and list, then populate them with data from the given volumes string format using split function of python language
4588: This function takes two parameters, 'region' and last id number. It returns the result of multiplying these values together in one line using Python syntax
4589: This Python function takes an input value and checks whether the previous list, 'previously stored', exists or not; If it doesn't exist then
4590: This Python function calculates the cube root value based on given values. If either 'quantum' or gravity is negative, it raises an error
4591: This function returns the current state of 'game_state' as it is at present in memory, making an exact duplicate or snapshot/clone version without
4592: This line of Python script returns the part after last occurrence if file extension matches.  It does so by taking advantage that in python, string indexing
4593: This Python script is designed to convert the resolution of an image from pixels per inch(px/in), if it exists, into dots Per Inch
4594: This Python function calculates the variance of an input list. The first step is to calculate and store all values' means, then it computes standard
4595: This line of the Python script converts both variables 'int' to integer. It is used in order that we can perform mathematical operations on them later
4596: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates of an object in 3D space. The result is returned as two tuples
4597: This function checks whether the input value can be considered as an absolute path or relative to some base directory in Python using `os` module's functions
4598: This function returns different responses based on the score of an individual's performance in their math tests. The response is dependent upon whether they scored above
4599: This Python script checks the existence of certain options and assigns them to variables or creates new ones based on their values provided by user input/default settings
4600: This Python script is used to generate the full corpustext file path based on given parameters, which are 'base directory', and then appends '/
4601: If the third value is less than fourth, return “x” + "fourth" else otherwise it will just be returning first.  ```
4602: This Python function calculates the learning rates based on an exponential decay schedule with specified parameters and returns it as output if all conditions are met else raises Assert
4603: This function checks the type of conversion needed based on 'from' and returns converted value. If not recognized it throws an error message stating that unknown format
4604: This script finds the maximum and minimum of two numbers.  The result is stored in variables 'large' &amp;#34,' small'.
4605: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4606: This function recursively converts nested dictionaries into one level deep dictionary format by traversing the input 'node' and converting any other data types
4607: This Python script splits the input string into separate elements, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each element and returns them as list of strings '
4608: This Python script performs matrix multiplication. It takes two matrices as input and returns the result of their product in one line using vectorized operations if available by
4609: If the job doesnt have schedule then set it to R1///P1T and else import regex pattern matching on 'Scheudle' field
4610: This Python function returns the fourth word from an input string, assuming that there are at least four unique nonempty tokens in it and all characters of these
4611: This function checks the given 'angle' and returns one of four categories based on its value, depending upon how extreme it may be in relation to other
4612: This Python script creates an empty list, then enters into the while loop until 'z' is greater than one and appends to it modulo of
4613: If the input is not of type string, returns 'Invalid' --> Code: else                    seq = [char.toUpper
4614: This line of the Python function returns an array with four elements in that order; it takes as input one number and two other numbers which are then used
4615: This function returns the index of an entry with matching plugin's 'name', if it exists, otherwise return -. It also checks whether its corresponding
4616: This line of the script returns three variables, counter name and type.  The unit is not included in our output as it's optional parameter to
4617: This Python function returns an object with two properties - 'img' and the value of its prediction. The first property is named as img while it holds
4618: This Python function checks whether the input string ```"<code>""``` contains only positive or negative numbers. If it does, then returns that
4619: This function checks whether the input string 'is' palinDromic or not. It returns true when length of str less than 3,
4620: Initialize variables and convert string to integer.  Split the input into hours/minutes components using ':' as separator; then add up
4621: Check the type of input parameters. If either parameter isn't what it should ideally have been - raise an error with appropriate message."  [
4622: This Python function takes an input list 'L' and integer value of N, then it creates sublists from the given array with length equal to provided
4623: This Python function takes an input 'X' and returns the result of dividing X by base, rounded to nearest integer. If negative number is encountered
4624: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4625: This Python function multiplies all elements of the list 'numbers' starting from index 0 by each element at subsequent indices. The final product is
4626: This line of Python script converts degrees, minutes and seconds into decimal format using the DMS to Decimal conversion method in python programming language –
4627: This line of Python script converts the resultant data into one string. The output is in format 'result_name:'+'number'.
4628: This function takes in an input string, checks its length to determine the return value. If it's less than or equal too five three characters long
4629: This function calculates the index of an element in two dimensions array. If it's periodic or non_peroidical then returns calculated value else
4630: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, sorts them and returns last one in list as output – it's an example of
4631: This Python function converts the first word of any string to lowercase if it starts with 'Unrestric...' or else returns original input as
4632: This Python function tries to return the gcvs associated with an input file. If it can't find any, then returns empty list instead of
4633: Check whether the given 'rect' is within or intersects with another rectangle.  If it does, return true; otherwise false."""	Type of
4634: This function is used to determine the appropriate type of model and its parameters based on whether or not there are labels in our data. If no such information
4635: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4636: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime. It returns false when it finds an even divisor, and true only after checking all possible factors
4637: This Python function compares two strings and returns the index of their first common subsegment. If no such segment exists, it will return "-1
4638: This function returns the color associated with each vulnerability type in an input dictionary using Python's builtin get() method and default value parameter to return
4639: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4640: This function calculates the magnitude of an input number, then returns it inversely proportional to its value raised at -3/8 times that resultant
4641: This Python script uses regular expressions to find all the alphanumeric strings within an input string and returns them as separate elements of another data structure,
4642: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the second word of that sentence as floats from 0 to n where 'n' is total
4643: This function splits the input text by given 'delim' and joins them with newline character. It also removes leading/trailing whitespaces
4644: This Python script is used to split the third element of each list within 'result' and append it into another resultant array, if there are two
4645: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
4646: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the results of iterating over 'classes' which is assumed to be another list containing
4647: If the count of critical, high or medium findings is not zero then it returns an icon and color based on that. Else return good status with
4648: This Python function compresses the given list of tuples by checking if each tuple's third element is equal to its last one stored before it
4649: This function returns the concatenation of volume name, gateway type and host. It is used to generate unique identifiers in various contexts such as logging or
4650: This Python script filters out the local files from an array of dictionaries. It also checks whether 'GitIgnore' file exists within each dictionary,
4651: This Python function calculates the three terms in an arithmetic series. The first term is calculated as one minus time 't', second and third are
4652: If there are zero or less than three beers in total then return message that says 'no' + number_of+beer else returns string
4653: This Python script converts the keys of dictionary ‘Dict D’ into another Dictionary 'dict' and assigns these key values to new dict
4654: If the 'features' parameter in function call isn’t provided, return an empty list.  Otherwise do nothing and simply pass it to next step
4655: If the input 'text' variable contains no value, return "None". Otherwise remove all HTML tags from string using regular expression and then returns it back
4656: This Python function calculates the false positive rate and true positve rates based on given labels. It also counts number of True Positives(TPS
4657: If both dictionaries have keys; return combined dictionary else one of the two is returned as it was before operation execution – Pythonic way to merge
4658: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
4659: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the graph, and then checks if there are any cycles present. If so it returns false;
4660: This Python function calculates the Adjusted Significant Value, which is used in hypothesis testing. It takes as input 'numtest' and returns
4661: This Python script splits the input string on ':' and returns two values - first is extracted from left side of ':', second one comes after it
4662: If the length of 'data' is 1, return second element in list. Else just returns first item from given array/list as it
4663: This Python function checks the input `str` and raises an error when it're unexpectedly of different types or empty string; otherwise returns cleaned version
4664: This Python function returns zero when the input is less than epsilon, otherwise it simply passes through its argument as output value; useful in numerical computations
4665: If the angle is greater than or equal to one hundred, return negative ten times of that number. Otherwise multiply by tens and then take floor division
4666: This function converts the number to hexadecimal.  It uses Python's built in "format" and "%X".   The '%
4667: This Python function adds corresponding elements from ‘two’ inputs. If one argument isn't an instance/type 'List', it raises "Type
4668: This Python script sorts the list of 'neighbor' elements in descending order based on their frequency and returns its first element which is most frequently occurring
4669: This function returns the appropriate prefix based on whether or not it's called with 'name'. If no match is found, then just return what was
4670: This function returns the value of 'config' based on its content, with specific conditions and default values as per requirements given by Python language syntax or logic
4671: This function returns true when an 'is main block' condition occurs in any of its arguments, and false otherwise END JULAY CODE The
4672: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two vectors. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both lists and
4673: This function checks if every item is done or not by iterating over the keys of 'done' dictionary and checking their values against True/False respectively
4674: This function attempts to convert the string s into an actual number. If successful, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that conversion was not possible
4675: This Python script joins the sequence numbers from each dictionary entry of 'module' into one string, separated by commas and returns it as output –
4676: This Python function finds and returns only extension of an URL if it exists, else raises error with given message – "Cannot locate filename from provided U
4677: This function calculates the difference between squares of distances in two dimensions, then divides it by an inputted constant. The result is returned as one
4678: This Python script calculates the average of scores based on their lengths, but it also takes into account that if any length is more than 3 characters
4679: Checks if the two intervals overlap. If they do not then it checks which interval is smaller/larger than another one to see where their intersection
4680: This line of the function returns keyword arguments in dictionary format. The key is "section" and its value corresponds to 'kwargs' which contains all other
4681: Appends an item to the end of 'sequence'. Returns updated list as result, which is now one element longer than before appending operation was
4682: This function returns the direction of comparison between two numbers. If they are equal, it will return 'Still'. Otherwise depending on which number is smaller or
4683: This line of the Python script replaces certain characters in string 's' with an underscore, but only if they are not part or surrounded by
4684: This function checks whether the given integer has an odd or even parity. It raises and handles exceptions when negative values are passed in as 'n'
4685: This function checks whether the given object has all required key and label attribute. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that some
4686: This function calculates the RGB color difference between two colors, taking into account their relative luminance values and blending them according to some formula based on
4687: This Python function takes in the string "Label" and removes any leading or trailing colons, if they exist; replaces them with slashes
4688: This function converts the given color name into its corresponding on hot encoded vector. If an unknown or invalid input is provided it returns all zeros in
4689: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the values of 'jobs' to count how many times each value appears within that list
4690: This Python script append empty strings to the end of each row until it reaches its maximum column length. It then returns modified matrix as output, which is
4691: This function calculates the bonus based on given conditions. If any of these condition is not met it raises an error else returns maximum value between calculated and
4692: This Python function joins the input string with newlines, and then adds spaces to each of its lines based on an integer provided as argument 'num'.
4693: This Python function calculates the stellar mass of an object given its radius and solar luminosity, using logarithmic scaling from luminosities to masses in relation
4694: This script calculates the highest probability of precipitation over all days from given data set, which is stored as "minutly". The variable '
4695: This Python script calculates the average score of all movie ratings and rounds it to one decimal place using list comprehension with builtin functions like 'sum
4696: This function calculates the ratio of volume to radius. The result is returned as an output from another method in Python, which takes two inputs - '
4697: This line of the Python function checks if two variables are not equal. It returns True when they're unequal, and False otherwise - one way
4698: This Python function uses the binary search algorithm to find an approximate square root of 'n'. The initial value is set as halfway between two potential roots
4699: This line of the Python script returns an empty string if 'password' is not defined or contains only whitespace characters, effectively stripping it from any
4700: This function converts an integer to its equivalent string representation with padding. If the input isn'ynteger, it prints out that Typeof...
4701: This line of the Python script checks if an item's type is either 'Theses', ‘Report’, or `Document`. It
4702: If 'x' isn’t defined, return the value of ‘default'. Otherwise just keep returning what you have. This function will always either
4703: If no arguments or keyworded parameters are provided then return an empty dictionary followed by the name of function with its parameter string representation joined together without any spaces
4704: This line of the given Python script returns an output that is formatted as 'Release {}' where {} will be replaced by data from variable ```'
4705: This function calculates the age difference between two people. It takes in 3 parameters, 'ages' and both of them are required to be positive
4706: This function calculates the result of an arithmetic operation. The input parameters are '+', '-' and c respectively, where b is subtracted
4707: This line of the given Python script rearranges elements in 'list' type variable "qut" to get last element first. The result is
4708: This function calculates the size of text based on its length. If it's more than or equal to halfway through, then decrease by one
4709: This function returns the string representation of an user's ID. The output is formatted as '<<UserID>>'.  It takes one argument,
4710: This line of the Python script copies an existing dictionary and adds or updates "description" key with value from another variable named 'desc'. The new copy
4711: This line of Python script returns the reverse string.  It uses built in function revers() to get elements from myString and then join them together into
4712: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned integer by performing bitwise AND operation on two input parameters. The first parameter is masked with
4713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4714: Debugs the class of an object by printing its name.  This is useful to see what type it might be, especially in development mode where you
4715: This Python function generates an appropriate description based upon the status of various conditions that might occur when running or terminating processes. The descriptions are then returned as
4716: This Python script calculates the average of longitude and lattitudes from given list. The result is returned as tuple with two elements - one being
4717: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4718: This function returns the language of given countries. If input is 'country' it will return its corresponding translation in Greek, else just returning original one as
4719: This line of the program checks whether 'origin' is zero. If it isn’t, then recall will be set to ‘right/original
4720: If the lengths of data list A and B are not equal, return an empty array.  Otherwise continue with your function's logic to find common
4721: This Python function splits an input sequence ``` seq```  in chunks, each chunk being the same as its index multiplied by '
4722: This Python script calculates the mean and variance of second elements from each list item within 'data'. The result is returned as variable "var".
4723: This Python function checks the 'kind' of an XML schema. If it is either complex or simple and also not being used as partof another kind
4724: This function is used to find the second element of each tuple if it's equal as 'NM'. If not, then return default value.
4725: If the variable 'v' holds boolean value or string that represents yes/ true / t , y and 1 then return it as Boolean else check
4726: If `NoneType object at 0x7f9b81a3d46c>` and the type of variable 'is'
4727: This function returns an empty list when the input 'header' parameter value isn’t provided. Otherwise, it will return all headers in that request as
4728: This function checks if the length of password is at least 8 characters. It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it meets criteria, ie
4729: This function takes in an input string, tokenizes it into individual tokens using the split() method and then joins them back together with spaces. The result
4730: This line of the Python function checks if parameter 'Param' is equal to either lowercase version ("True", “or”, and an integer
4731: If the number is less than one, return false. Otherwise check whether it's even or odd and then returns that result as well in an expression
4732: Generates an empty 3D grid of characters with dimensions l x m, where 'L' is the length and number in each dimension. The
4733: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The value of 'return' is calculated using one input parameter, which determines where in proportion
4734: If the number is less than five, return zero. Otherwise calculate and store in 'return' variable as per given conditions of function "calculation".
4735: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters b, gradient value at point one in relation to another parameter 'l'.
4736: This Python function takes in four parameters and returns them as an ordered list. The first two are the class name of object(bclass), its position
4737: This Python function calculates the delays in terms of time using different methods and returns their summation as output, based on input dataframe 'df',
4738: This function converts the input string to lowercase and replaces all spaces with hyphens in it, making sure that there are no leading or tra
4739: This Python script checks whether the input 'probabilities' are indeed of type "list", then it verifies that there exists only one element within them
4740: This Python function uses regular expressions to match and extract data from the given string pattern in one or more lines of text using regex matching method "re".
4741: If the prefix is not None, then slice off one character from both strings. Otherwise just take all characters of 'string'.  This will be used
4742: This function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and modulo operation in order not only finding
4743: This Python function returns an empty list when the input dimension is 3, otherwise it generates and return all numbers from one to n. If there'
4744: This function takes in an array of values and returns them as strings joined by commas.  It is used to convert the list into string format,
4745: This function takes two parameters, multiplies them by 10 and adds the result to another number. The final output is returned as one line of
4746: This line of the Python script checks if two conditions are met. The first condition is that 'key' has exactly 6 elements, while second one
4747: If the input string is empty, return false. Otherwise check whether its length of 1 character and more than two characters; otherwise it's not
4748: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4749: This Python script copies the dictionary and deletes all keys that start with an underscore ("_").  The result is then returned as output of function
4750: Return "ONE_ZERO". If the value of 'val' is true, it returns '\uFEFF', otherwise,'\n'.
4751: This Python function checks whether the input number 'n' is divisible by any integer from zero to one less than itself. If it isn’t
4752: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of given 4D point set. The four values are initialized to positive infinity initially as per problem
4753: If the 'Lat' parameter exists both before & after, it checks whether they are equal. Else returns false; else return true only when long
4754: This script creates or updates the dictionary 'mapGridSet' with default values, but only when they do exist as keys within it already; otherwise these
4755: This function checks whether the given object has an 'attribute' with key as package name. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise return none
4756: Failed if no parameters are found in the function. 1 parameter is missing, so it returns 'No Elliptic Curve Found'. If all
4757: If the variable 'MAT' is zero then it returns three zeros in Python list format as per requirement of problem statement and logic provided by user
4758: This function checks whether the given 'value' is less than or equal to another specified number. If it isn’t, then returns False; otherwise
4759: This program takes two lists of letters and compares them. It skips the first elements in both arrays until they are empty, then continues with comparing
4760: This line of Python script copies the value from 'x' into another variable named "Z" and then updates that copy with values in dictionary y,
4761: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an integer and second one can be either 'even' or ‘odd’. The task of
4762: This Python script reshapes an unstructured list into rows of equal length by dividing the total number elements equally among them, creating 'arr
4763: This function checks if the input is within an acceptable range, with some small error margin to account against floating point precision issues in Python's comparison operations
4764: This line of the script sorts an array in descending order based on its length. It then selects only 'first' elements from that list if
4765: This python script creates an empty list called 'Intersection' which is used to store the intersection points of two lists given as input parameters by using dictionary
4766: This function converts an input to its equivalent in Python. If the given object has string type or iterator then it returns that as single element of
4767: This program creates an empty set and then iterates over each character of the inputted strings. If it encounters any characters that are already present within
4768: Creates and returns dictionary of values from the 'actions' based on keys found within both dictionaries "mapping" & “Transition” using
4769: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4770: If the option name is found in command line arguments, return its value after it; otherwise do nothing and exit program with an error message"
4771: This is an implementation of the square root algorithm. It starts with some initial value, squares it and checks if its greater than 'n'. If yes
4772: If the variable 'wind direction in degrees' isn’t available or less than 10, return string. Else check whether it falls into
4773: This python script calculates the power of two that is less than or equal to 'a' and then counts how many times it takes until we reach
4774: This Python script converts the first character of each word in an input string to lowercase, and returns only that single letter as output from every line
4775: Assigns the value of "playback" to variable id and assigning it as name.  Returned result is stored in 'return_
4776: This function replaces non breaking spaces with regular space in the given string "text".  It's used to clean up and standardize data before
4777: This function returns the temperature in Celsius from Fahrenheit. 1 step done by converting f to c using formula tempC =
4778: Creates and returns an object with the type as 'reg' followed by any keyword arguments.  The returned dictionary is formatted in such way that it
4779: This Python function checks the value of 'protocol' and returns different URLs based on its values, either SOAP or XMLRPC depending upon what it
4780: This Python function counts the number of times an element appears within list. It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each item, and if it
4781: If the data object does either of these attributes doest exist in it then return false. Otherwise true is returned after checking both conditions are met and returning
4782: “Predicting and evaluating”"""  (END CODE SUMMARY HERE)"")" }}}}}}""", "code": {"
4783: This function takes an input command string and splits it into the first word as 'command' followed by any number of additional arguments/options that may
4784: This Python function converts the given value in centimeters to its equivalent of feet.  The conversion factor is approximately equal, ie., one
4785: This line of the script creates an empty list called "uniqids". It then uses Python's built in function to generate unique names.
4786: This function removes all the special characters from an input string, replacing them with nothing and returning it as output – without any quotes or question marks at
4787: This Python function converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT by using the formula of conversion between degrees in different scales, and returns
4788: This Python function calculates the value of 'progress' divided by its corresponding time interval, and then multiplies it with an input range. The result
4789: This Python script splits the input string into components based on spaces, checks if second component is 'MT.' and replaces it with its corresponding English
4790: This function checks the input argument's data types. If it’re dictionary then return that as result; else check whether its an array with more
4791: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4792: Return 'yes' when the input is true, otherwise it returns no.  This function checks whether an integer or float value of X has been passed
4793: This line of the given Python script returns only first word from each file name in list format using split function and indexing method [].  It'
4794: This line of the given Python script returns only month from provided string in format 'DD/MM'.  It is used to extract and display just one
4795: Code: A simple python script to calculate the area of different shapes using classes and objects. 1st class is rectangle, second one - circle with
4796: This function calculates the number of ways to make change using given coins. The input is an array 'value' representing how much money we have and
4797: This function calculates the similarity between two lists by comparing their lengths and content, returning an error message when vectors are not equal or have different types respectively
4798: This function takes an input 'lst' and returns the last element of that lsit, repeated according to its length. If it is less than
4799: This line of the given Python function returns i+1 divided by its argument, which is equivalent to ith position in an array. It's
4800: This function calculates the predicted value based on input and parameters. It's used to predict future values in regression analysis using linear model formula, which
4801: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4802: If the assembly language is 'Velvets' or less than KMER, return its value. Otherwise it will be returned by default which
4803: This line of the Python script is returning one thirds value from an input. The function takes in microsecond as its parameter and returns it converted into
4804: This Python function returns the URL to download quantified data from EBI's Genome Browser Xena service, using an experiment access number and
4805: This function checks whether the input is of 'list' data structure and also verifies that each element within it has an equal number dimensions. If not
4806: This Python function checks whether two inputs are both strings. If they're not string types it returns 'False'. Otherwise return the result of checking that
4807: If the sun rises before sunset, it's day. ElseIf there is an hour difference between when to start and end of night in either
4808: This function returns the opposite of its input. It checks which way to go based on what it'll receive as an argument and then return that side
4809: This function converts binary strings to DNA nucleotides. If the input string is 'bin' in 4 bits, it returns one of four
4810: This line of Python script returns the result from multiplying 'dec' by 8.7, which is equivalent to subtracting it twice and then
4811: This Python function tries to get the value of 'config' dictionary. If it fails, then prints out an error message and returns "Default".
4812: If the current step is greater than maximum warm up iterations, it uses its own value as default. Otherwise，it scales down by dividing itself with
4813: If the input string does not end with an EOL character (\ or \rn), it returns that same nonformatted version of your original message;
4814: This function checks if the input variable 'X' has an attribute named as its name, which in turn returns whether it matches with Data Type or not
4815: This function checks whether the input 'object' tups in Python. If it’s an instance of Tuple then returns two values - length and
4816: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its present and future values. It uses linear interpolation to estimate how much more money will be
4817: This Python script uses list comprehension to round each number from the 'numbers' input. The result is returned as an output of function "get
4818: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4819: This Python script calculates the number of times each process should run to fill up all remaining resources. It does so by dividing total_resources equally
4820: This Python function splits the first two elements of an array into command and arguments based on spaces in between them if they exist or just returns both as
4821: If the number of processors is 0, it will just print out MPI execution command. Otherwise，it adds "- np" and processor count
4822: Code that checks whether the input value has three elements of which are integers between 0 to  = > 9. If it does then return True else
4823: This line calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The result is stored as 'dx' and then compared to another variable,
4824: This function calculates the product of all numbers from 'n' to and including	'`	m. If `i =< min_value', it
4825: This script is designed to check if the keys of dictionary 'derived' start with "Show Fact Sheet" and return true or false based on
4826: This Python script returns the same result as previous one but uses list comprehension instead of using map and lambda.  It's more concise
4827: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'd' converted to all upper case, then their corresponding values are also
4828: If the argument is NOT found within provided list, it raises an error.  Otherwise return original string as output from function call or variable assignment depending on
4829: This Python function calculates the value of y given x and two points on an interpolation curve. The equation is derived from linear algebra principles but with
4830: This Python script converts every second character of the input text to lowercase and all other characters into upper case. The result is then returned as one
4831: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an AI value based on velocity, radius ratio(rho), which is then used to calculate acceleration
4832: This line of the Python script converts dictionary to tuple and then back into Dictionary. It also filters out any empty tuples from original dictionaries
4833: If the type of json is not Polygons, return it. (END SUMMARY).   [Replace "..." with your own text
4834: A function that takes the configuration dictionary as input and returns another one with keys from original dict but values are replaced by their corresponding ones if they exist otherwise
4835: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or contains ':'. If it does, returns an appropriate response; otherwise joins and formats all elements of
4836: Mapping between different types of documents and their respective identifiers.  This is used in the creation process to ensure that all document objects are correctly identified
4837: This function calculates the value of y given x and b. It's an example to understand how functions work in Python programming language, where '
4838: If the 'recall' is greater than or equal to .xx, return an integer value from [x=[..]]. Otherwise default returns
4839: This Python function calculates the value of an inverse Gaussian distribution with parameters γ and μ, which is used in Bayesian inference to model uncertainty or
4840: This function attempts to get the size of file at given path using Python's built in 'os', and if it fails due an error then raises
4841: This Python function calculates the dot product of two vectors. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply corresponding elements from both input lists and then
4842: Returns True if the space left on page is greater than 1 character. False otherwise, considering that we are using 'word' as our unit of
4843: This line of the Python script checks if 'number' is an integer and returns True or False accordingly, based on whether it’s indeed either whole
4844: This is an implementation of the formula "(1-(p)) ^ m" in Python. It calculates one minus two power, where 'one
4845: This Python function creates an array of size n with all elements set to ith index. The values are calculated by taking the modulus operation on '
4846: This function checks whether the given 'value' is greater than half of its corresponding label, ie., it returns true only when "salient"
4847: This function checks whether the input is of any one data types or not. If it's an instance then returns true else false – Code sn
4848: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'data' using conditional statements to avoid any errors when trying access non exist
4849: This function returns the value of three times half its input divided by two, when it's less than or equal to zero. If not then return
4850: This Python function calculates the Lux value of an RGB color based on specific formulas given in Lab Color Space, which is used to measure light intensity and
4851: This function calculates the sum of previous sums and squares differences between each new value x from an input list. It uses simple linear regression to calculate current
4852: This Python script creates and prints out the list of numbers. The 'seed' is used to generate random values that can be reused in other parts
4853: If the variable "raw_ingredients" is empty, return an emtpy list; otherwise split and store ingredients in it into separate lines
4854: This Python function calculates the determinant of three points in two dimensions. The input is four tuples representing point coordinates and an output which returns
4855: This line of the given Python script splits each word in "string" by commas and returns an array with these split strings as elements, if
4856: This function checks whether the given string is not equal to its stripped version and does so only when it's part of an allowed list, i
4857: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns accuracy by comparing true y values with their corresponding predictions. The function takes two parameters - 'pred
4858: This line of the Python function returns 3 times f divided by one thousand, raised to -fourth power. The result is then multiplied with
4859: This Python function checks the type of input and returns an appropriate value. If it's not divisible by any number, then return 'seconds'.
4860: This line of Python script is filtering out instances from the 'possible' list that are already present as output.  It does so by checking each item
4861: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string 'path'.  This is done using Python's built in strip function which removes any white
4862: This function checks if the given string starts with "typedef". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending on whether
4863: This function takes an integer as input and returns the appropriate ordinal suffix. It handles numbers from one to twenty, including zero but excluding ones or
4864: This Python script reads through the list of files and checks if each one exists as an actual directory or not using 'os' module function `read`
4865: This Python function generates the prime factorization of an integer. It uses trial division to find factors and counts their occurrences in order from smallest one
4866: This Python function checks the type of 'query' and performs different operations based on its content. If it is an OR operation, then returns terms as
4867: This line of Python script calculates the fourth power to each number in an input list. The result is returned as output, which can be used elsewhere
4868: This script adds the volume to an existing dictionary. If it doesn't exist, then creates one and appends new value into its list of volumes
4869: If the "Cursor" variable does not exist, return as it's none. Else convert and wrap in quotes to be used within string context
4870: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4871: This line of the function concatenates two parts, 'peptides' and an index. The first part is from 1st to jth
4872: This Python function checks the type of 'uptake' and converts it to floating point number in case that its not already numeric; then returns
4873: Prints "RowTrace" and the number of rows affected by executing SQL command, then returns count from last executed statement using 'cursor' object in
4874: This line of the given C++ function is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves shifting bits to get specific part from val, then adding
4875: This Python script calculates the root of an equation based on given parameters and returns it as per specified formatting rules with appropriate comments to explain what each
4876: This Python function calculates the number of tree hits in an array. The direction and step are defined as parameters; it iteratively traverses through
4877: "A function to return the number of ones present at each bit position."  Code explanation and usage example not provided here, as it depends on specific
4878: This Python script generates list of strings that start with "CAT", followed by two digits from 'START' to the last digit before END. The
4879: Check if the two given rectangular regions overlap. ... [truncated] ... on one line in terms of keywords or functions used to complete
4880: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
4881: This function checks whether the sum of values in two dictionaries is less than each other. If it's true, return "True", otherwise -
4882: This Python function returns the modulus, public exponent and private exponents of an RSA key. The keys are returned as dictionaries with their
4883: This function checks the 'Type' of an input GeoJSON interface. If it is not Feature, then returns its geometry as per defined by `get
4884: This function takes in the name as input and returns it with spaces between each capitalized letter. It also converts all characters to lower case, repl
4885: This Python function formats the given datetime object into string format. The output is in 'DD HH':'MM '::'SS'. If no input
4886: This Python script converts an inputted alphabetical character to its corresponding ASCII value by subtracting 64 from the ordinal of each
4887: This Python function checks whether the number is prime or not. It returns false when 'n' equals ‘zero’, and true otherwise; it
4888: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4889: This function takes an input and checks whether it'is of type string or not using the 'issubclass'. If yes then splits that into
4890: This function takes two lists of three numbers as input, multiplies each corresponding element in the first list by 'v' and adds them together with an
4891: This function converts the input to its appropriate form. If it's string then returns as given else checks whether integer or not with length of H
4892: 返回一个包含"bonta fided status", 'permission'和是否认证的字典。如果未通过身份验证，则
4893: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list etc., depending on what you want
4894: This function finds the neighbours of each given 'Square' object and returns their corresponding list. It uses dictionaries to map edges with its associated
4895: This Python function takes in the format of "/date", splits it into three parts and returns them as "-".joined with "-" between each
4896: This Python script calculates the length of A and B's first row.  It then compares these lengths to find out which one is smaller
4897: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' integer or not. If it’s positive then format that number with leading zeros to
4898: This function checks if the given ORCID ID is not divisible by eleven. It does so through calculating an equivalent number that can be checked against
4899: This Python script finds the maximum value of an integer string representation from given list. It ignores any non-"*" characters, then tries to convert each
4900: This function calculates the fractional reduction in heat transfer coefficient, which is used to calculate thermal conductivity of water at different temperatures and pressures using
4901: This program calculates the minimum distance to reach from one point ('start') towards another using only squares of numbers. The algorithm uses binary search and dynamic
4902: Implemented the function to find the minimum and maximum values in an array.  Code is written using Python language with builtin functions min() &
4903: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an object over time. The initial and final colors are given as input parameters; it then interpolatively changes
4904: This Python script splits each list within the main 'lst' by ",,.", then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from every split
4905: This line of Python script returns the time in days as an integer, but it also divides by '86401' to normalize
4906: This Python function checks if an object has the necessary attributes to be considered as input/output file objects in python's IO module or any other I
4907: This script replaces certain strings in the input string with other characters. The replacement is done based on specific patterns and order of occurrence to avoid replacing multiple
4908: This function returns the configuration settings of an application. It's used to get information about what kind and version number, among other things that are stored
4909: This function subtracts the identity of an object from its minimum length between two input objects and returns it as float value in python language with type Flo
4910: Removes certain characters from string, replacing them with underscores or other specified character if needed to make the output more readable/meaningful
4911: This function calculates the value of 'd' based on two other parameters, which are half and semiquaver. The result is then returned by
4912: This Python function calculates the product of x plus k, where 'list' is used to generate range from 0 upto but not including "
4913: This function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' Complex number. If it does not belong to that type then convert into Real Number and
4914: This function calculates the size of an object in pixels based on its viewport and screen sizes. It subtracts twice as much to account both
4915: This function takes in an array of strings and returns them joined into one string.  It does not use any builtin functions or methods that perform the
4916: This function returns the first pair of values that are within an interval. If no such pairs exist it will return with 'None' as second element and
4917: A dictionary of TCP state codes and their corresponding names. The keys are the hexadecimal values, while they map to strings that represent different stages
4918: This function takes in the string 'name' and replaces all parentheses with underscores, leaving no space between them or any other characters
4919: This Python script processes the given list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents an individual unit testing case with 'test' as key which contains class name
4920: This function checks whether the input 'tages' parameter exists and converts it into an appropriate format. If there are multiple values provided then they will
4921: This script calculates the relative velocity and factor of two vectors. The first step is to subtract one vector from another; then it rounds off these
4922: This line of the Python function returns half its input, multiplied by two fifty five. The result is then rounded to nearest whole number using round()
4923: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
4924: This Python function checks whether the current time is in PM or AM, then adds 1 to it. If not at night(i eh hour
4925: "A function that returns the default speed of an object in meters per second squared."   }"   ```python'}}''') # Do
4926: This function recursively converts nested dictionaries into one level deep dictionary structure by converting all subdictionaries within the main input and returning them as separate
4927: This function checks if the input is an integer. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or 'False'.  It also handles
4928: If the string '-rc' is found in 'release_version', it returns part of version after first dash. Else just gives full verson
4929: If an "Answers" entry is present then print out thank message else prompts user with error messages and instructions on how they should input their
4930: If the CIDR value isn't provided, return none; otherwise replace all "/cid/" with "_c_" in it and then returned as
4931: This Python function takes as input the string 'prefix' and dictionary `dict`; it returns another dict with keys that start from given preffix
4932: This Python function groups features by their "name" and sorts them based on the frequency of occurrence within each name's list using lambda functions as
4933: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers using Pythagorean theorem and returns it as an output, which is
4934: This Python function raises an error if the input 'Value' falls outside its specified bit limit. The lower and higher bounds are calculated using two exponential operations
4935: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The inputs are tuples of coordinates and returns another tuple representing their differences
4936: This function returns the cardinal direction corresponding to an angle of degrees. The range is from −π/6°, -Φ/-¾
4937: If the list has less than 3 elements, return an empty string. Otherwise check whether second element is 'end' or not; then checks third
4938: Checks if either of the two numbers is 10, or both are. If so it returns true; otherwise false/nullable bool value
4939: This function checks whether two numbers are equal to zero. If not it returns false and the number of times one can be divided by another without leaving any
4940: Returns dictionary with key ' nav active' and value as string, which is set to the word home.  This could be used in an application where
4941: This function converts the first character of string 's' to uppercase and all other characters in lower case. It does not change any non al
4942: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser or other scripts in your webpage,
4943: This Python script splits the input string by commas and returns list of strings as output, which is essentially splitting each word in an array/list
4944: This function reads the first two bytes of an open file and checks if they are '\\xf3', which is commonly used to mark binary files in
4945: The proxy server stops supporting the creation of simple line graphs, and instead redirects to another website where users can create their own custom charting tools."
4946: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4947: If the value 'None', return null; else check type of input and perform specific actions based on it – case insensitive comparison with predef
4948: This Python script checks whether the key 'sysmlId' exists within given JSON object, and returns its value or an empty string otherwise; it also
4949: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is divided by another number, which in turn divides it with itself to
4950: This function checks whether the input string is empty or not, and also splits it into individual elements based on commas using split() method of Python
4951: This function checks whether the given value is within specified range. If it does, returns true; otherwise false."""  # noqa E96
4952: This Python function generates the Gray Code of an input binary string. The process is done by XOR operation between each pair consecutive bit from right to left
4953: This line of the given Python script reverses string 's' and assign it to new variable "rev". The [:] operator is used in python
4954: This Python function checks if all digits of an input string are even or not, starting from rightmost digit and moving to left most one by step
4955: This is an equation that calculates the total energy output of coal and biofuel in terms – one minus fraction '(one less than)'
4956: This function is used to set the learning rate based on an input parameter 'epoch'. The Learning Rate, or LR in machine learnings context
4957: This function checks whether the request type is Create. If it's true, then return 'True'. Otherwise,'False', indicating that an error has
4958: This Python script converts the input tokens and their corresponding label into lowercase format using list comprehension with 'zip' function to iteratively pair each
4959: A Python dictionary that maps months to their respective number of days. It allows you lookup the day count in any given year by providing its name as an
4960: This line of the Python script returns only one octal digit from an integer. The bitwise AND operation is used to isolates and retrieves just
4961: This function checks if the given string starts with "tmp" in Python 3 syntax, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it does start as
4962: This Python function calculates the total of all digits in an inputted positive integer. It uses modulo operation to get each digit, and then
4963: This Python script is used to map the provided list of strings with their corresponding abbreviations from another dictionary, and then returns these mapped values as new lists
4964: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
4965: This function checks if the first element of tree list/array, which should be either an integer or string. It also verifies that there are exactly
4966: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
4967: This function returns True if the first argument of its call to sort() method in Python, which has been passed as an expression with head "ref"
4968: This Python function takes as input the list of coordinates, and returns four values that represent minimums/maximum points along both axes.  It
4969: If the length of 'coords' is 2, it checks whether there exists '.', and replaces last two elements with zeroes. Otherwise
4970: This function checks if the input string matches with given pattern and returns two steps in groups as tuples or else it return none when no matching is
4971: This Python script calculates the sum of all command submission counts from each conductor object within an array 'conducting' using loop iteration and variable assignment,
4972: This python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The first list is used as keys and second one to values respectively while
4973: This Python script creates an array 'r' by iterating over the time vector and applying some conditions. The result is based on whether each element of
4974: This Python script checks whether the input 'object' refers to an instance of class "WeakReference". If it does not refer directly or indirectly
4975: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the same number if it is positive, or zero otherwise. It also handles negative numbers by setting bit
4976: This line of the script is setting two variables, 'x' and ‘y’ to be equal values from an array. The first element in
4977: This Python script is setting some configuration variables in the 'AppConfig' object, which are then being returned by an inveniobase application instance
4978: This Python function takes an image and bounding box as input parameters; it calculates the minimum values of four corners in pixels to be used with Open
4979: This Python function compares two strings character by char and returns the number of characters that are different. If both string lengths aren't equal, it
4980: This Python function checks whether all the alphabets from "letters" set are present as characters within given string. If not, it returns
4981: This function takes an input of 'raw item' and returns the value at certain levels specified by comma separated string, like level1/index0 or
4982: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and returns second part of it, which is usually filename without extension in CSV files
4983: This Python script splits the input string into lines, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each line and removes any empty strings resulting after stripping
4984: This Python script reads each row of the input file and appends it to an output string. The newline character is also added at end, which
4985: This Python function calculates the sum of all unique numbers found within an array. It starts by initializing 'results' to ‘zero’ and
4986: This function checks if the given list is not empty, has no negative values.  It returns True only when both conditions are met; otherwise it will
4987: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
4988: If the id of 'credit' is less than 9,876.43e+xx then it returns "The new value
4989: This function returns the name of an object as JSON.  The input is not used in any operation, and it's only there to satisfy Python
4990: A Python function that counts the occurrence of each character ('c') within string input. The characters are represented as keys and their respective count is stored under
4991: If the 'Author' field is empty, it returns an default value of `AUTHOR DEFAULT` and replaces special characters with their escaped versions
4992: This Python function takes an integer and shifts it to the right by 'offset' places, then modifies that value with another operation. If result is
4993: This line of the Python script is extracting and returning an integer from string 'line' at index 24. The extracted value will be between
4994: Return an empty string and status of 'Not Found' in HTTP response. This is the default behavior when no route matches or if there are any errors
4995: If the 'verbose' flag is set, adds '-v', ‘–’ and then v to each command. This makes it easier when
4996: This script generates 1D numpy arrays of random numbers, sums them up and returns the result as an output list which is then printed out to
4997: Iterates over each item 'team' and its subitems "Delivery". If the repository name is present, it returns that Team. Otherwise raises
4998: This function returns 1 if the input x is positive, and zero otherwise. It's equivalent to Python builtin bool() but in one line
4999: This Python function checks the length of input string 'S'. If it'is divisible by three, then return original str. Else convert every
5000: This line of the given Python script converts an input string into two variables, one in terms seconds and another as per minute conversion factor if it is
5001: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'inputList' and adds each value to it if that same element is found within
5002: This JSON object contains the structure of an array with 6 elements. Each element is another dictionary containing two keys, 'Country' and its corresponding value
5003: This is an implementation of the bitwise shift and OR operation on Int32 in Python. It uses left shifting to double its value, then performs
5004: This Python function flattens nested lists by using recursion and appends non-"None", "str"-typed elements to the 'list' named
5005: This script reads in the list of Target Therapeutic Factor Sets from file and cleans it by removing non finite values or converting to uppercase before
5006: This Python function returns the name of an athlete based on their national team. If National Team is T, it will return Watson; else C and
5007: This line of Python function returns the result by multiplying an input number 'dd' with 1 hour in seconds. It is used to convert days
5008: This function calculates the area of circle with given radius using math library in python – Code is simple and easy to understand, but lacks comments
5009: This Python function checks the input "N" and returns an appropriate number based on its values in dictionary {0 : 'one', ... ,6:'
5010: This function checks if the input string contains at least 8 characters that are either numbers, lowercase letters from "abcdef", upper case alph
5011: This Python function calculates the value of alpha, beta and gamma. It then returns one divided by these values in descending order based on their significance
5012: This Python script generates the number of unique station names from each list element. The "group" is assumed to be an iterable containing dictionaries with
5013: This line of python script checks whether 'field' type exists within an array. If it does, then return true; otherwise false."""  Code sn
5014: This line of Python script returns the names in name list as string separated by space.  It's very simple and straightforward, but it does exactly
5015: A function that generates the namespace, resource and filename in one line. (Note - This is not an actual Python script but rather just some
5016: This script is used to find the 'DUMMY' technology usage across different types of energy sources and returns their unique identifiers as output, which
5017: This function returns the total of all elements in an array. It uses loop to iteratively add each element 'i' into variable "sum". At
5018: This Python script generates the file path of an input tsv files. The parameters are used to construct it in one line using string formatting and z
5019: If the host is “localhost”, return it as localhost; otherwise just keep original value of 'server' variable in Python scripting language using
5020: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5021: This Python function implements the bitwise XOR operation on two numbers. The input is an integer x and y which are used to perform binary operations using
5022: If the 'data' dictionary does contain keys named either `id` or type. It will return these values along with an empty string as reference;
5023: This Python function checks if the string 's' contains any of several possible strings, and assignes to variable `product` one or more specific values
5024: If the key combination 'Alt+A' is present and its associated value exists within our keyboard map then update that otherwise create it. Else add
5025: This python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of column names and their types separated by ":" using split function to separate them
5026: This Python function splits an input string into two parts based on the 'equals' sign, and returns them as tuples if they are valid
5027: This Python function generates an output string from the input list of artist names, with each name separated by commas and enclosed within parentheses if
5028: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
5029: This Python function calculates the signal's average and standard deviation, then uses these values to calculate an estimate of noise. The final result is calculated
5030: This Python function takes as input the list of integers 'size' and returns their product. The result is 0 if no elements are present, otherwise
5031: Attempts to load the specified filename and returns its content if it exists; otherwise prints an error message indicating that no such files exist in your current
5032: This function checks if the type of an object is 'folder' in Python.  It returns True or False based on whether it matches, and also
5033: This line of the Python function returns fahrenheit temperature plus an additional value, then takes modulo with three sixty degrees to keep it within
5034: This Python function converts an integer to binary and pads it with leading zeros. It then returns the operation as well two boolean parameters based on these
5035: A dictionary of shift values used in the calculation.  The keys are strings that represent different parts or operations within an operation sequence and their corresponding value is
5036: This function calculates the day of week based on current date and number 'days ahead'. It returns an integer from [0,..] where Monday
5037: This function checks if the timestamp is within given range. It returns True or False based on whether it's in between two timestamps, otherwise
5038: This Python function calculates the length of maximum common substring between two strings 'A' and 'B'. It uses dynamic programming to find out all
5039: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5040: This function calculates the area under curve of an interpolated line between two points X1 and X0, with slope M. The result is divided
5041: This function checks if the input object 'obj' can be converted to pandas Dataframe or not using Python and returns True/False accordingly based on
5042: This Python function checks whether three variables are equal. If they all match, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by the programmer in an error
5043: This function calculates the overlap between two spans of time, and returns it as fraction in range []. If there is no intersection then return '
5044: If the 'concept' URI isn’t provided, return null. – This checks to see whether or not there has been an input of
5045: This Python script reads an input file and extract DBLinks from it, then stores them into the 'dblink' list as tuples
5046: This Python function checks the input 'label' and returns either zero or one based on whether it is female, male还是unknown. If unknown then raises
5047: This Python script creates an array of commands to run in Docker. The first command is the name and tag combination used by default when running images with
5048: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern "research/models/{name}" and returns two values, an integer corresponding to layer number in model file
5049: A function that returns the dictionary with "content type" as key and its value. 1st line is 'return' which means it will output
5050: This Python function converts the percentage to its equivalent word form. It uses if/else statements and conditionals, which makes it quite efficient in terms
5051: This Python script splits the string "protocol/doi" into an array using "/", and then returns its last element, which is 'DO
5052: This function takes three parameters, checks the first one and returns corresponding value based on second parameter. If third argument is provided it subtracts that from
5053: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element in list 'dx' by subtracting one value from another. The result is then
5054: This script parses the given list of text into separate lists based on different types and attributes such as "Act", Scenes or Speakers using Python
5055: This line of Python function subtracts the integer part from 'x' and then multiplies it by another number. The result is returned as an
5056: This script generates an array of strings from the input list, but only if there are characters present and adds each one on its own line to create unique
5057: Checks if the given points are within or on one side edge/corner from an axis aligned bounding rectangle defined by two corners in any order
5058: This line of the script is using regular expressions to parse out information from strings. The string starts with "//", followed by one or more non whites
5059: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5060: If the text is empty or all characters are spaces then return an error. Else it returns first character of each word in list 'words' and
5061: This Python script creates an empty list called "indices". It then iterates over the 'vertList' and extracts each third element from every
5062: This Python function checks whether the value of 'value' is greater than twice its hundredth. If it does not meet that condition then divides by
5063: This python script calculates the cost of goods sold by multiplying each item' sales with 1% growth rate to calculate COSG media,
5064: This function checks whether the input 'object' can be considered as an iterable or not. If it’s indeed one then return that object else
5065: This function converts the coordinates of an object in three dimensions to its corresponding position on screen. The input is two dimensional and it maps these into one
5066: This function takes an input string 'Area Name' and returns the same name with all spaces removed. The result is then converted to LowerCase using Python
5067: If the given path does NOT exist as an existing folder, it raises exception with message "{0} isn't actually exists or doesn’s
5068: This function checks whether the given dimensions are within specified maximums. If they do not meet these conditions it returns original size otherwise scales down to fit into
5069: This script splits the artifact name into individual segments based on '-', and then checks each segment to see whether it starts with any digit from 1
5070: This Python function generates all factors of numbers from 2 to 'n' and stores them into another array called "ListOfFactores". The outer
5071: This python script calculates the average reward per player. It first initializes an array with zeros, then it iteratively adds up all of each
5072: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an output of that particular method, which
5073: This Python function implements the binary shift operator. It counts how many times it needs to perform bitwise right shifting until 'N' becomes  zero,
5074: This function takes two parameters and returns the value of 1/Q as calculated by using some mathematical formula to calculate it based on these inputs in Python
5075: This script returns the string '<failed>' followed by an error message. The output of “Failure” is displayed in red text on blue
5076: This function takes in one string and returns the same input as it is.  It's just an example of how to create functions with Python syntax
5077: This Python function converts all underscores to capital letters and returns the result as one line of text using `str` class methods, list comprehens
5078: This Python script returns the count of each element present within an array, with unique elements only and sorted by their frequency as per descending order using dictionary
5079: Checks if the given 'point' is within or on one of two boxes. If it does then returns True else False – Code written in
5080: This Python function splits the input string into individual elements based on comman separators and checks if there are more than 1/4 of these
5081: If the input is at position zero, return 'zero'. Else check whether it's one or two. In both cases give an appropriate response
5082: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract data from the given string 'text'. The pattern "^G.*CF$|^C[GF
5083: This Python script checks whether the input variables b、a和n are all nonnegative integers/floats; otherwise it raises an error message stating that
5084: This function calculates the Z score, which is used in many statistical tests. It takes as input an observed value and returns how far that observation dev
5085: If the input "Base number is less or equal to zero", it raises an error. Otherwise return result of calculation as per formula provided in problem statement
5086: This line of Python script calculates the determinant using two points in 0D space. The formula is derived from matrix algebra, and it'
5087: If the URL ends with an slash, it will return full command path; otherwise only returns partial one without trailing / – based on input
5088: This Python script creates an empty list and then append the result of multiplying each element from 'list' s by its corresponding index to it, resulting
5089: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into columns using "_", and then checks if the column is either 'NULL' Columns',
5090: If the length of 'Message' is less than or equal to 34 characters then return it as revision and remaining part in tweet else call function
5091: This Python function takes three parameters and returns the results of two mathematical operations. The first parameter is multiplied by 'm' to get an initial value
5092: This Python function takes in an input string and returns two values based on the first character of that value - if it's 'A', then return
5093: This is an example of list comprehension, which creates new lists by performing some operation on each item. In the given task it checks whether 'x
5094: This Python function checks whether the given object 'is an instance of' dictionary or returns it as such otherwise converts all keys with "->>" to
5095: This Python function splits the input 'str' into two parts using semicolon (;). If there are not exactly 3 points separated by semi
5096: This function returns the command and its contents. The first argument is used as an input to create or update content in your repository using Git commands like add
5097: This function converts temperature from Kelvin to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between Celsius and farenheight, then
5098: This block of the program initializes three variables with zero values and checks two conditions to see whether one or more specific numbers are positive in each variable'
5099: This Python function checks whether an object `is instance` to be either 'list' or raises error when it isn’t. If its input matches
5100: If the value of 'm' is not zero, return "0". Otherwise calculate and returns summation result. The formula used here calculates an
5101: This Python function checks if points are within the boundaries of rectangles and adds them to an array, 'result'. If they overlap with existing elements it
5102: This function returns True if the length of m_A is equal to that in each sublist, and False otherwise.  It checks both lists'
5103: This function returns the date in MM/YY format.  It takes two parameters - month and Year which are used to create formatted string of Month
5104: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'src' dict. The source is given as input to function, which makes
5105: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values, which are subtracted from each other. The first value is calculated by taking difference between
5106: This Python script creates an empty list and then append the values of each variable from 'var' to it, which is returned as output by function call
5107: This Python function calculates the number of groups in an integer. It takes as input one parameter, n; it returns two values - total count and
5108: This line of the given Python script returns how many spaces are in 'Text'. It's equivalent to counting number or characters that separate different elements like
5109: This Python function splits the input string into two halves. The first part is from index 'start' to middle of list, and second one
5110: This Python script creates an array of integers that represent the states encoding by flipping between positive and negative values within its given size limit – 'pop
5111: This Python script checks if the given password contains any duplicate entries, returning true or false accordingly based on that condition and also returns whether it's valid
5112: This Python function returns the URL with host and Port.  The format method is used to insert variables into strings in python which makes it easy when you
5113: If the string '.perl' is found anywhere within one of its parent directories, return 'Integrated', otherwise it returns missing.  This function checks
5114: This Python script generates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' terms using an iterative approach with constant space complexity O('N').
5115: Generates parameters to run an MDP model with specific inner shape and properties of the ingredients in it; also sets start all orders as well whether they
5116: This function checks if the string 'text' contains either of three specific substring patterns. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None
5117: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5118: This function will replace the most recent occurrence of 'b' with another string if it occurs more than specified number "times". If not then return original
5119: This function adds the time in hours and minutes to get UTC+0.  It also takes into account any additional seconds that may have been added during
5120: This Python script checks the file name and returns different dictionaries based on it, which are then used in another function to process data from these files or
5121: This Python function calculates the total number of characters that are not 'space' or punctuation. It does so by iterating over each character,
5122: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, converts them to floats and returns as vector of numbers using list comprehension with en
5123: This line of the Python function returns input string 's' with leading and trailing whitespace removed using strip().  It is an efficient way to
5124: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
5125: This Python script creates two dictionaries. The first dictionary is created by enumerating the 'pessimistic' list and creating an indexed version
5126: This Python function takes two lists, 'a' and the number to be multiplied with each element of list "b", creates new array by multip
5127: If arrays x and y do not contain equal number of elements, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both sets are being compared in parallel
5128: This function divides two numbers and returns the result. It's called "divide" because it performs division, but also prints messages before/
5129: This Python function generates an array of length 'N' with the first element as ‘one’ and then each subsequent number is obtained by adding previous
5130: This Python script groups the given list of Polish Policy objects by their targets. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are unique resource names and values
5131: This Python function splits an input string into parts based on the '/' character, checks if it is empty or not and returns its first part when
5132: This line of the script copies all elements from 'flags' list to another variable, then filters out any element that starts with "sqlite3_"
5133: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the provided 'samples' and uses our trained word embeddings to infer vector representations of each
5134: Calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is sqrt((( x - y ) ^  1/4))
5135: This Python script takes an array of URLs as input, strips any trailing slashes from them and joins the remaining parts together with forward or backward
5136: Code checks each of the given list 'emails' and if an element matches one or more regular expressions, it adds that value into another array called
5137: This function calculates the required rate of interest given an initial amount, growth rates and returns.  It uses compound annual yield formula to calculate it as
5138: This Python script calculates the length of 'Path' and creates an adjacency list from it. The result is stored as "Edgess
5139: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence term. If 'N' is either equal to one, two - it returns "one".
5140: This line of the given Python script filters out all elements with zero value from 'cyclomatic complexity' dictionary where key is not equal to string
5141: If the 'cresta' is taller, return its difference from "troug" else raise an error.  The function takes two parameters and
5142: This Python script splits the input string into an array of individual terms and filters out any empty elements in between using filter(). It then checks if there
5143: This Python script is used to generate the names of all records from an input list. The function takes as its argument, 'record' object or record
5144: Returns the value of "tracedFlowRate" from dictionary named 'computedValues'.  This is used to calculate some values in another function.
5145: These two lines of codes are used to extract the numeric part from strings that have an underscore as separator and assign them into variables 'X
5146: This function flattens the input 'list' by recursively calling itself on nested lists until it reaches non -lists and appends them to an
5147: This Python function calculates the mean of all elements present within 'variables' and divides it by total number, which is given as "n
5148: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return nothing; otherwise check whether it contains word ‘oceans’ then replace with National
5149: This Python function calculates and returns difference between two energy values. It checks whether both input list are equal in size, otherwise it raises an error message
5150: This Python function calculates the area under curve defined by two lists of data points, 'X' and corresponding list/array "Y". The formula
5151: Returns the remainder of division between two numbers.  This is commonly used in programming to find out how much one number can be divided by another, or
5152: This function returns the colorized version of an inputted String. The text is colored in light grey using ANSI escape codes, which can be
5153: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input string "tokens". If any token is not blank but starts with or ends
5154: This Python function generates the first 'limit' number of terms in an arithmetic sequence, where each term is half that previous one and starts from zero
5155: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5156: This function calculates the force of attraction between two objects, given their mass and velocity. The formula used is F=G*((m1/
5157: Removes numerics from both strings and compares them character by char using the "zip" function to compare if they are equal or unequal based
5158: This function converts an IP address to its binary representation in C++. It does so by shifting the bits of each byte and then concatenating them
5159: If the reference id and end position of an aligned pair are not provided in 'reads', return true. Otherwise check whether it'll be better
5160: This function checks the value of an input and returns 'True' as T or false, it will return either true/false. If none match then
5161: This Python script is used to increment the values of each element within an array. The outer loop iterates over rows, and then through columns; it
5162: This python script takes the name of an input file and returns its base part with both their extensions removed if they exist in it; otherwise return only without
5163: If the players scores are greater than 36 then it returns 'Lose'. Else return appropriate message based on conditions given in problem statement;
5164: Checks if the input string is palindrome.  It strips out non alphanumeric characters, converts to all small case and then
5165: This Python function creates an edge with the given source and target node. The id of each created object is generated by concatenating their names in parenthes
5166: This Python function splits the input string on ":" character, checks if it has more than one part with an associated value using `if` statement
5167: This line of the given Python script calculates two values based on an input value 'val' and returns them. The first returned number is between
5168: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to create and returns new lists by adding corresponding elements from two input arrays. The 'zip' function is
5169: This function checks if the given pattern 'p' is present in any of 4x6 grid patterns. The first line returns true when it finds
5170: This function takes an ASCII character as its parameter and returns the same string repeated twice.  The first time it is called with "a", you
5171: If the 'Overrides' dictionary isn’t defined, it returns its corresponding value from ‘Base Dict'. Else return an empty
5172: This Python script splits the input string into lines, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each line and adds nonempty paragraphs to an array
5173: This function takes in one string, converts it to all upper case letters and returns the result.  It's used as an example of how
5174: This Python script is used to filter out the login attempts that occurred within an event with codes “4624” and/or '‘
5175: This function checks if the reference label is present in either of two input labels. If it finds any match then returns true else false or null depending on
5176: This function calculates the difference between two values, but it multiplies both results by "two". The result is then returned as one of our outputs
5177: This function returns the string 'NID' followed by nids number with leading zeros filled in. The length of NIDS is 7 dig
5178: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not there is an endline character at one point in string 's'. If it does, then
5179: This function returns the email address in BCC format.  It takes an input of type String and outputs it as "BCC:" followed by that
5180: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
5181: This line of the function calculates and returns y value's standard deviation.  It subtract from its average, then divides by it to
5182: This function combines the label and its child nodes into one list. The result is returned as output of 'children' parameter in parent node, which can
5183: This line of the program is setting up two bounding boxes, with their coordinates. The first and second sets are defined by four numbers each - minimum
5184: This Python function converts the input parameter 'val' in microhertz ('mu Hz') into its equivalent Solar Units, given that it is not
5185: This Python script converts the given number of total minutes into equivalent time in terms. If there are more than one hour, it will return that as
5186: This Python function calculates the "zone" of longitude, which is used in geographic coordinate systems to determine where on Earth an object or point
5187: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
5188: This function returns the string <tagName><line/> <//Tag name. It's used to wrap text in HTML tags and is useful when
5189: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum of all possible range values within an input list. The result is returned as two separate floats - one
5190: This Python function replaces spaces in the input string with underscores and changes parentheses to periods, respectively but only if they are used correctly
5191: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and counts each character's frequency using dictionary data structure then sorts it based on count of characters
5192: This Python script is used to find an artifact with the given name and return its 'File ID'. If no such Artifcat exists, it raises
5193: This Python script reads in an input string, and writes the contents of each pairing bracket to output buffer as separate lines if they are open/
5194: This is an example of how to convert from base two representation into decimal. It uses the looping construct "for" and builtin function 'parse
5195: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5196: This Python function is used to remove empty strings from the list 'ln' and return it as output when its length equals zero; otherwise returns an original
5197: This function checks if each number is within the given range. If any of them are out, it returns false; otherwise true after checking all numbers inside
5198: Checks whether the given proportions and ratios are valid in terms of their relation to each other, ie., they satisfy “proportion”
5199: This script is used to rank documents based on their relevancy score from the given JSON object 'data'. The ranking process involves iterating over each
5200: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5201: This script creates an empty dict and populates it with values from another given 'dictionaries' using the keys of tuples. The resulting d
5202: This Python function is used to format the license information from an input dictionary. The output will be in 'Name Version' form if there are no CC
5203: This script is used to find the specific dialogues from list of nodes. If found, it returns that particular conversation else return none if not present
5204: This line of the given C++ program checks whether an integer is negative or not. If it's positive, then returns its value as normal;
5205: If the 'author' variable in an object of class Book, it returns its value. Otherwise return string “Unknown” when there’s no
5206: Returns list comprehension that checks if each element x of the input iterator is present as an item within 'allowable set'.  This can be
5207: This program implements the Babylonian method to compute square roots. It uses an iterative process where it repeatedly updates values of 'a' and then
5208: This function checks whether the given string is in uppercase or lower case. If it's neither of these two cases then returns false and true otherwise
5209: This line of the given Python function returns an integer that is calculated by adding together three values from 'rgb' list. The first value in RGB
5210: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of all even numbers in that range. 0 is considered to be both odd &even;
5211: This line of the file splits its input string into two parts based on '.' character and stores them in variables `filename` &amp;quot
5212: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict and populates it with key/value pairs from two lists. The keys are the first list elements while
5213: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by one eighty five and two, which is equivalent to converting it from degrees Celsius
5214: Attempt to extract the version of an object in database. If it fails, return false instead – if successful then returns that information as string or
5215: This function returns the FIZZBUZZ equivalent of an input number. If it's divisible by both, then 'FUCKING
5216: This function scanns the given number and returns it as string with 0'd left padding. The zfilled is to make sure that all
5217: This Python function calculates the index of an element with minimum absolute difference from another value. It uses two variables to keep track and compare different values within
5218: This function is used to determine the label of an audio file's speakers based on its timestamp and segments. If no matching speech exists, it returns
5219: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input sequence with length k and append each substring of size 'k' to another
5220: A function that returns the number zero. It's an example of Python syntax and structure, but not necessarily related to any specific problem or task in
5221: This Python function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its velocity. The formula used is K=1/(3πe), where e represents
5222: A Python script that creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of strings, where each string is split into two parts by
5223: This python function takes two strings as input and returns the common characters from both. The result is returned with no spaces between them if they exist otherwise it
5224: This line of the given Python script returns length/count or number 'n' in user dictionary. It is used to get count / size ('length
5225: This function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle given its base and side length. The formula used here to calculate it, 1
5226: This Python function returns the corresponding letter to an input number. If no match is found, it raises and handles error by raising 'Value Error'.
5227: This Python function splits the input string by '.' and converts each part into an integer, then returns these as integers list – one line
5228: Code: "::" is used to define type of data. In the case, it's Boolean which means True or False in Python programming language
5229: This Python function flattens an input list. It creates new lists by appending each element of the original sequence to every existing sublist and returns
5230: This Python function checks the type of an input and converts it into its boolean equivalent or raises exception when not possible due some conditions specified by user;
5231: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number, but if it fails due either of these reasons then instead returns its own
5232: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an array that contains tuples where each tuple represents two points on different vertices. The first element
5233: This python script calculates the delay using an exponential decay model with constant parameters, where 'k' is 3 and it uses logarithmic units of
5234: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of 'Names'. For each Name it checks if that key already exists within our
5235: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5236: This Python function replaces the prefix of an integer with “str()”, then checks if it ends in character L. If so removes that
5237: This Python function calculates the number of days in decimal years since it was last updated by NASA, which is based on an approximation that takes into account
5238: This Python function checks the length of an input string, and raises either "Value Error" with message “empty” or another error when it enc
5239: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5240: This function checks if all the elements of 'items' list have same "metadata". If yes, it returns True; otherwise False or an error message
5241: If the input 'is of type boolean', return it as such. Else check whether its string representation can be converted to an integer or float and
5242: This Python function checks if the provided 'encrypton option' is valid. If it isn’t, an error will raise and inform about invalid
5243: This Python script creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the input 'l', multiplies each element by constant value "c", scales
5244: This Python function checks the type of an input value and returns it. If not string or one among tuple/list|dict |set then return first
5245: This Python script sorts the list of numbers in ascending order. The first number is always smaller than or equal to any other value, and it'
5246: This function appends the count parameter to each URL in list of strings and returns updated List with new parameters added at end, separated by '&'.
5247: If the input is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise nothing happens. This function does not do anything with its argument and always outputs "Zero".
5248: Throw an error exception when the input is invalid. If valid, convert to string using specified number system and return it as result of function call or
5249: Changes the extension of .git to '.dkr' in git urls.  This is done using string replacement function provided by Rust language
5250: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5251: This function calculates the values of three variables based on another variable. The first two are calculated as per some formula and then they're multiplied
5252: This line of the Python script converts string to integer tuples by splitting them on ".", and then mapping each part back into an int type
5253: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The first number is subtracted from another, and then divided by their sum to get an output value
5254: This Python script splits the given string into individual word and then joins them back together with spaces in between using builtin function of python "".
5255: Creates an animation object with the given parameters.  The 'type' is set to be either one of two strings - ['walk', or anything
5256: This function calculates the radius of gaussian curvature in 1D space, given its full width at half maximum fwidth and position x along an
5257: This script checks if two histories are the same length and contains identical commands. If not, it returns false; otherwise true is returned after checking all
5258: This is an equation that calculates the value of y given x and B, where 'A' represents lower limit in degrees Celsius. The
5259: This function takes an 'input' string as its argument and returns the first nonempty line that is not starting with either "[return ", or if it
5260: Sort the list of strings by last part after splitting on '.' and sorting them numerically using Python' builtin function `sort()` or
5261: This function implements the Extended Euclidean algorithm. It takes two arguments and returns three values in that order which are equivalent to those of Python's
5262: This line of the Python script checks if 'variant class', which is assumed to be one among 8 possible values, isn’t either an intr
5263: This Python function returns the character at index 'i' in string x, y or z. If no such an option exists it raises value error with
5264: This function takes in two parameters - text and regex. It splits the input string by newline characters using regular expression "\r?\n".
5265: This line of the script returns only one value from an array, which is obtained by filtering out all elements that do not match with 'normalized triggers
5266: Checks if the signature exists in given text. Returns True or False based on whether it is found and not otherwise; 0 occurrences of
5267: This Python script calculates the number of partitions and their corresponding values. It uses 'dividends' to divide an integer into equal pieces with consideration
5268: This line of the script copies all elements from 'process' list and sorts it by process ID in ascending order using lambda function as key to
5269: This Python function doubles the elements of two lists simultaneously. It uses 'for' loop to iteratively access each element and multiply it by
5270: This function checks whether the input is numerically significant. It starts by checking that there's at least one character in an empty space, then it
5271: This Python function generates the filename of an output file based on some input parameters. The generated filenames are in one line, with no spaces or
5272: This function calculates the Contrast Normalized Ratio, which is used in image processing to adjust contrast and brightness of an input grayscale
5273: This script returns the index file of an application." (END OF SUMMARY FOR THIS CODE BLOCK.)"   } else { //
5274: Returns the status as up. 10/3rd of total lines are covered in Python, and it's simple to understand but not very
5275: This line of the Python script replaces all spaces in 'model' with '%20'. It is used to convert space characters into URL friendly format
5276: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
5277: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean Distance formula and then applies some rotation matrix to it, resulting
5278: Calculates the Factorial of an integer. If input is less than zero or equal to one it returns 'fact' as per condition and otherwise calls
5279: This Python function converts an RGB color represented as hexadecimal to its equivalent in decimal form and then normalizes it by dividing each of
5280: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'items' input and appends each corresponding value from mapping to it using dictionary lookup
5281: This function takes in text as input and returns the same string, but with each word separated by space.  It uses split() to break down any
5282: If the value of 'bits' is 1, then it returns an empty string. Otherwise continue with other instructions in case statement block... . This
5283: This function calculates the content and style of an image using their respective weights. The result is then returned as 'J'.  It's based
5284: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an inputted List.  It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then converts it
5285: This Python function checks the type of an input value and returns it as string. If not recognized -> return 'unknown'.  It uses builtin
5286: Returns the list of tuples containing three elements. The first two are integers and represent some values from an object "data". Third element is string
5287: This function checks whether two children are the same. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that their values aren’t
5288: This function splits the given file name into its components, checks if it has at least two parts and returns only one part of that split as an
5289: This Python function generates an HTML string from the input list of groups and returns it as one line text with no new lines or spaces between div elements created
5290: This line of the script splits 'resource_ids' into individual IDs in Python using comma as separator and assigning it to variable "
5291: This line of the given Python script is simply concatenating an integer 'i' to string variable "s". The resultant value stored in `return
5292: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'rules' object and adds each "RuleName". The result is returned as another function
5293: This line of the script is extracting part from an array. It's adding 3 to each element in 'span', then it returns that
5294: This Python function returns the length of an input object, or default to one if it's not possible. It uses 'try/ except'. The
5295: This line of the given Python script splits each word in 'sentence' into an array using space as delimiter and returns it back to
5296: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the provided 'repository' object which could be either string or dictionary type objects within it;
5297: This function converts the input string to lowercase and removes trailing underscores from it using Python's built in functions rjust() or
5298: If the variable 'detection' is 1, return string value of full. Else it returns empty or nothing depending on whether there was an
5299: This function checks if every element of the first input is also present as an item within another given array. If it's true, then returns True
5300: This Python function calculates the position of an element in grid format. The input is its 'grid' or matrix location, and it returns that same
5301: This script checks whether the input variable 'probability_maps' exists and it contains only lists of filenames ending with "prob_1.
5302: This Python function calculates the sectional area of an obstacle given its dimensions and distance to it. The formula is derived from physics, where "
5303: This script creates sets of unique telemarketer IDs from the given records, then finds those that are neither part or all three texts nor calls but
5304: This function checks if the given 'item' variable has an integer value that also lies in range 1 to n. The condition of being nonnegative
5305: This function calculates the value of p, which is subtracted by an offset. The resultant output will be inverted and then multiplied with
5306: This Python function takes an input 'z' and returns the mode of that number. The result is returned in two parts - one part with only Z
5307: If the variable 'BlogName' does not exist, return none; otherwise remove '.tmblemom', and replace with nothing in Python script
5308: This Python function takes in the service name as input and returns only its main part after splitting by underscore.  It does not include any error handling
5309: This line of Python script removes all non alphanumeric characters and spaces from the string "location text". It also converts it to lower case
5310: Code defines dictionary with keys as letters and values are their corresponding chemical symbols.  }  ```python ```AA={'a':'H','
5311: This Python function checks the value of 'a' is greater than, equal to or less then another number ('b'). It returns an integer based on
5312: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input and returns the union of these dicts by merging them into one new dictionary with all keys from both
5313: This function checks if the given condition is met. It returns true or false based on whether it matches one of several conditions, depending upon input parameters such
5314: This Python function merges two sorted lists into one, maintaining the order of elements as in original list from which they were taken out firstly by pop
5315: This function converts an RGB value to grayscale using the formula R = 63*R/max_value and G=(G+
5316: This Python script calculates the sum of squared residuals divided by their corresponding values. It'll be used to measure how well observed data fits
5317: This Python function checks whether the given CURIEs are valid or not based on their syntax rules defined by RDF/XML standard which includes checking of
5318: This line of Python script splits the input string 'args' into individual arguments using space as delimiter and stores them in dictionary format, where
5319: This line of the script splits "time" string into hours and minutes, converting them to integers before returning their summation as an integer value in
5320: This python script counts the number of edges present on each vertex/vertexes within an inputted directed or undirected Graph data structure using Python'
5321: This script creates an empty list of boolean values, then fills it with the results from checking if each tag is present and its corresponding value matches expected.
5322: This Python function takes an input string, converts it to lowercase and splits the resultant list of strings by hyphens (-). It then
5323: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it contains the character "?" and splits off any parameters from that point onward until finding another
5324: If the input 'np' array object exists and it has an item property then return its single element else raise ValueError with message "Value not found
5325: This Python program prints the result of multiply operation between ‘a’ and 'B'. The input is both integers. It will return an integer
5326: This function checks whether the input argument 'is an instance of either int or floats'. If it does then returns true else false.  Code sn
5327: If either position object doesn't have chromosome information, it returns zero. Otherwise compare the two positions by their "start", and return an
5328: This Python script creates an object that maps each unique element of the input list to its corresponding index from zero. The function then uses these mappings as
5329: This function checks the data types of an input array/data structure; it returns empty string when given non list or dictionary inputs but otherwise applies recursive
5330: This line of the given Python script replaces all occurrences in 'path' string starting with two consecutive dots (" .. ") to an empty character
5331: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5332: This Python function returns two variables 'A' and ‘B’. Both are returned as dictionary with keys A & B respectively in the format {
5333: A function that takes the configuration dictionary and returns it as an object of class Config with attributes corresponding to keys from dict, values being respective entries's
5334: This line of the Python script is fetching an item from dictionary "config" using key 'blazt chunk' and returns its value. If
5335: If the string contains an invisible character ("non breaking space"), it replaces that with regular spaces. Otherwise returns original non breakable characters as is
5336: This line of Python function returns the result by adding one to sentiment and then dividing it in half, which is equivalent with multiplying sentiments together
5337: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the last element of each sublist within 'similarity_qualities'. The result is
5338: This Python script checks whether the first input parameter 'is an instance of' or its type. If it does and ends with "_", then appends
5339: This Python function checks if the given string is an "anagram" by checking whether it contains all unique characters or not and also sorts its word list
5340: This Python script is used to check if the coordinates of DNA sequences are valid or not by comparing them with their corresponding gene IDs stored as values within
5341: This Python function calculates the density of glucose in grams per liter by subtracting an estimate value from another, which is derived based on
5342: This function returns True if the concentration of an atom is greater than its halflife divided by some constant. If not it will return False or None depending
5343: This Python script checks if the given parameter is present as part of URL. If it's not, then adds that to your provided string and returns
5344: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an input number, adds 2 to it and returns that result. If original amount is less than zero
5345: This function converts the string 'from' and then appends “*”, followed by another two characters of any system. The result is
5346: This function checks if every character of the input string is an ASCII one. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True after checking
5347: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
5348: This function converts the input value to string.  It's used in various places where we need strings as output, such us data analysis or
5349: This Python function calculates the sum of all powers from one to 'n'. The power is calculated as two raised at each step. If "N
5350: This Python function takes as input the list of names, and returns an array with each name padded to align its rightmost side up until it reaches
5351: This Python function takes as input an integer list and returns the decimal equivalent of its binary representation. The bits are shifted left by one place at each step
5352: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5353: This Python function calculates the total distance traveled by an autonomous vehicle on its journey. The input is two lists of distances between cities and
5354: Checks if two lists are equal in terms of their lengths and content.  If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned by the function
5355: This function calculates the percentage of bases that are Gs and C. It takes as input an amino acid sequence, counts how many there is
5356: If the string is empty, return false. Else check that second character of str does not equal to "." – Return true otherwise else returns
5357: This function performs bitwise operations on the input number. The operation is performed as follows, in order of priority from highest to lowest bits - left shift
5358: This Python script filters out STIX objects that either have the attribute "Revoke" with value of false and/or has an Attribute named as
5359: This function takes an RGB value as input and returns the corresponding HSV values. The output is rounded to 0 decimal places, which means it
5360: This Python function calculates the area of an equilateral triangle given its side length 'w' and index number. The formula used is derived from
5361: Removes trailing period if it exists and returns the string without any extra characters at end of line after removing last character from list comprehension in python
5362: This function takes an input `hog` and checks its type to determine the family id of that object or return it as integer when possible; otherwise
5363: A function that checks if the provided 'transaction' location PID is within an array of "valid locations".  If it does, return True;
5364: This function checks if the phone number has exactly 11 digits, there are items in an array or it's non null. The variable
5365: This Python function calculates the product of two matrices. The input is given as 3D lists, and it returns another matrix that represents their multiplication
5366: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on space character and returns them as tuples in order of id & name respectively using
5367: This Python script splits the string of comma separated values into separate list items, removing any leading or trailing whitespace from each item using strip().
5368: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it contains the character '.' and splits that into parts using split() method of python's
5369: This function returns all the elements of 'tests' list that do NOT start with "Testing core end to End".  It is used as an
5370: This Python function strips the leading/trailing spaces from an input string 'Word'. It also checks if length is same as after removing all whitespaces
5371: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in an array. The minimum and average values are calculated between these pairs to find out how much they can
5372: This Python function checks whether the first element of each sublist in 'rows' exists. If it does, return that value; otherwise just take and
5373: This function filters resources based on the provided annotation dictionary and returns only those that have these specific keys/values set as per their metadata's "annotation
5374: This line of the program checks whether UTC offset is less than 0. If it's true, then '-', otherwise ' +'. It assign
5375: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in 'list' by converting it to set and then back into List.  It is used when you
5376: This function returns the configuration of an object. It's used to get information about what kind and how it is set up, like its properties or
5377: This Python function takes as input an integer list, 'list', and returns another one containing the differences between consecutive elements of that same array/'List
5378: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'results' object which is expected to be either of type [('ok', int
5379: This function calculates the average of two numbers and then adds an extra factor z to it, which is halfed before adding back in as well because
5380: If the 'wealth' is less than or equal to its maximum value, return it. Otherwise - else go with max_value as result –
5381: This Python function replaces underscores, spaces and hyphens with nothing or an underline to convert the string into cammel case format which is
5382: This line of the program calculates and stores in 'diff' variable difference between two pitches. If result is more than six it subtracts
5383: This function checks the values of two digits, then performs an action based on which value is present. If both are 0s it returns '
5384: This function returns the output of 'netstat -i' command. It is used to get network interface information in Python programming language using subprocess module
5385: This Python script generates two dictionaries from the "storage" dictionary. The first one contains tasks and their respective details, while another dictioanry
5386: If the total of all cards is 0 or more than equal to three times Peckson's Giving Total then return 'PAY
5387: This function checks if the given value is within an inclusive range. The lower limit, 'lo', must be less than any other number and greater that
5388: This function checks if the string contains "http" or any other protocol in it, returning True when found and false otherwise with an exception handling mechanism to
5389: This python function calculates the maximum and minimum of two given points in 3D space. The result is then returned as difference between these values which
5390: This Python function appendes -1 to the beginning of each list n times, then adds original lists into resultant array 'xs'.  The number
5391: This function returns the input string with an exclamation mark appended to it.  It's used in some coding exercises or tasks where you
5392: This function calculates the total energy consumption of an oven based on its spreading and drining capabilities, which is half that if both are equal to zero
5393: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an angle in degrees between two points on Earth's surface. The formula used is based off
5394: If the attribute 'mal' contains key named type, return its value; otherwise check whether attributes with keys like ‘kitsu’ contain values
5395: This Python function returns True if any of the elements within 'checks' list is true, otherwise it will return false. It uses logical OR operator
5396: This function takes in an arbitrary number of arguments and returns them as one string, separated by spaces. The first argument is prefixed with the word '
5397: This script is used to filter out duplicate codes from the data and store them as dictionary objects with their corresponding values/readings within an array named '
5398: This Python script checks whether the input is neither of two specific strings, and raises an error.  It does so by using conditional logic to check which
5399: If the size of 'desired' is less than current then it prints an error message and calculates how much more space needs to be added.
5400: Return an error response to the given user.  The format is 'Error From [Sender]: Message'  ```python ```javascript ``java
5401: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. If one number is greater than or equal to another then it will take that value else if both are same
5402: A dictionary with default values.  It is used to store the settings of an application or module in Python programming language using dictionaries data structure and also
5403: This Python function calculates the average of three numbers and returns them in separate variables. The first variable is calculated as sum/total_numbers =
5404: This Python function takes an integer input representing seconds and returns the time in HH::MM format. The hours are represented with two digits using zero
5405: This line of the Python script checks if 'variable' holds an integer. If it does not hold any type other than integers then returns False else True
5406: This function returns the coordinates of point x and/or coordinate pair(s).  If no such points exist in given list or if there is an
5407: This function checks whether the first character of an input string is double quote ('")' – If it does, then returns that same quoted text.
5408: This function takes two parameters, the red channel of an RGB image and returns its corresponding blue or green color.  The values are normalized to be between
5409: If the input isn't of type 'str', raise an error.  Otherwise proceed with processing as normal...   [End Summary]    Code
5410: This Python function takes in four lists of numbers and returns the zipped object. The zip() method combines two or more iterable objects into one sequence
5411: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5412: This function implements the Extended Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. It returns three values in order which are d=gcf/
5413: This function returns false if the challenge is not divisible by 1,0.6 or .7 and True otherwise in Python language using logical operators
5414: This line of the given Python script calculates an integer value by dividing z with 'spatial\_resolution' and rounds it. The result is
5415: This Python script checks the first few lines of each file it processes, and skips over any comments that start with '///'. It then looks at
5416: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two binary numbers. The result is stored in variable 'sri'. 1st number ->
5417: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the keys from 'word to id' reversed order using values as key(s). The
5418: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with 'x' and doubles it until we find that number, which will be our
5419: This function checks if the given 'maximum' value is less than or equal to 1/3 of its current maximum, and returns true when
5420: This function checks if an object's name starts with "___" ("_____", etc.) or ends in double underscores, which is
5421: This function calculates the free energy of atoms in an ionic system. The formula is derived from molecular mechanics, and it takes into account both atomic
5422: This Python function compares two dictionaries and returns the minimum difference between keys that are present only once or have different values from one another dictionary but share
5423: This Python function checks the string 'S' and returns different strings based on its value. If S is equal to any of these specific values, it
5424: This Python script creates an empty "set". It then iterates over the destination array 't' using nested loops to convert all elements of that collection
5425: This Python script creates an array of length equal to the size 'p' and fills it with zeros. It then iterates over each element from
5426: This function returns True if the input is close to zero in any dimension of x and False otherwise using numpy's 'np_array'. The
5427: This function calculates the cumulative total of all numbers from 'start' to zero. If start is equal or greater than end, it returns "
5428: This function returns the RGBA values of different stars based on their number.  The first value is red color component; second one - green and third
5429: This Python script generates the list of 98% percentile values from an input data set. The function takes as its argument, 'quantities
5430: This Python function calculates the value of f in terms on an exponential decay curve with rate parameter α = 3/4, where alpha is half
5431: This python script calculates the area of two rectangles. The coordinates are given in tuples format and stored as variables '(x', ',
5432: This Python function checks whether the input argument 'URL' passed to it as an arguement in form of String or Not and raises error message "
5433: This Python function calculates the sum of elements at each index from two lists, 'cft' and ‘hs’. The length is determined
5434: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5435: This function takes an integer as input and returns the binary representation of that number. Padding is optional with default value 8 characters long if not provided
5436: A Python function that generates the Fibonacci sequence using memoization to optimize performance by storing previously calculated values of fib onwards and re
5437: This line of Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements from two lists. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair up values and
5438: This Python script splits the input string into parts using '.' as separator and then updates or creates nested dictionaries in an existing dictionary based on
5439: This Python function replaces all semicolons, commas and double spaces with single space in the input string 'X'. It also removes leading/
5440: This Python script checks the existence of certain keywords ("in") within an input string. If it finds one, then assigns its corresponding value to '
5441: This Python function reverses the order of characters in an entered string. It does so by taking each character from first to last and appending it at
5442: This Python script splits the input string into individual "Words" and then filters out any single character or two characters long WORDS from it
5443: This function checks if there is at least one element of the first list 'F' that also exists within another nested/multidimensional array or
5444: This Python function checks if the given CPF number is valid. It calculates two different values to validate it by multiplying each digit of cpfs
5445: This function takes two arguments and returns the sum of their product with an extra value. The first argument is multiplied by its second one to get '
5446: This Python function calculates the total of all integer values found within each dictionary object's field specified by 'issue'.  It uses list comprehension
5447: This function tries to convert an input into string, but if it encounters any exception or error then the program will return original value of 'object'.
5448: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the items of another given dict object 'adict'. For each item it adds to our
5449: This Python script generates an array of zeros with the length specified by 'paramter lengths' dictionary where each key is opcodes and its value
5450: This Python function calculates the present value of an investment with given interest rate and time period using simple compound Interest formula, then subtracts one from
5451: This line of the given Python script returns how many times 'True' is found in list. It filters out all non-"PageView" entries from
5452: If the input 'vector' is not exactly two elements, it raises an error. This ensures that we are working with vectors in which each element has
5453: This Python function tries to print the variable 'A', if it fails, then changes its value and prints. If any error occurs during execution of these
5454: This line of the Python script converts an input value from inches to centimeters by multiplying it with 'scale_factor'. The result is
5455: This function prints "inside" followed by the return value of 'y' in Python.  The purpose is to demonstrate that we can have multiple
5456: This function takes in one string, splits it into two parts using the "-" character and returns second part as an integer value of that split result
5457: Returns True if the string contains at least one alphanumeric character, False otherwise using regular expression search method in Python's re module to check
5458: This Python script reads through the 'log' section of an input file and collects all lines that start with "**********WARNING****************". It then
5459: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
5460: Checks if the input data is at least three characters long and starts with 'ISA' in Python. Code returns True or False based on these
5461: This Python script generates an array of URL strings from the given list 'ids'. The generated string is "<protocol>//localhost/port/" followed
5462: This Python script creates dictionaries from lists of parameters and checks if they already exist within the list, creating new ones as necessary using given values only once
5463: This function calculates the ratio of each value to its corresponding count. It returns an array where every element is equal with their respective values divided by all
5464: This script is used to parse the JSON file containing citations and extracts information about journal articles. It checks if an element' type matches with '
5465: This Python script generates possible combinations of strings from the given list based on their starting characters and returns one with maximum frequency as output string if multiple options exist
5466: This Python script checks if the entry of each dictionary item has an operation type that matches "Tuple". If it does, then returns True. Otherwise
5467: This function converts the given number to hexadecimal and pads it with zeros if necessary. The result is returned as string in lowercase
5468: This function takes two parameters - 'features' and ‘statistics’. It returns list of tuples where each tuple contains one feature from
5469: This function compares two lines of text. If the first line starts with "*/" and ends either by "/*" to indicate comment, it returns
5470: This function checks if every element of the 'keys' list is present within each dictionary entry. If it finds such an item, then that specific snapshot
5471: This function returns the string <"function_call", action, "/></. The '{', '/' and ‘}’ are placeholders
5472: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer value, appended with ";", and then another number. The first part is “39
5473: Checks whether two sites are clustered together. If so, returns the corresponding clustering; otherwise it does not return anything or raise an exception/error
5474: This Python script calculates the sum of distances between all pairs within countries. The number 'distance' is assumed to be an array containing these pairwise
5475: If the input is less than 0, it assigns to 'location' variable. ElseIf condition checks whether its greater or equal and then
5476: This line of the Python script is returning an object's key and appending string ':' followed by children. It seems to be trying access some
5477: This function flattens the given iterable 't'. It uses recursion to flattern nested lists and returns an unnested version of it
5478: This line of Python function returns the smallest and largest number among two given numbers. It uses built in functions to find minimum value from hi or maximum values
5479: This line of the given Python script is returning an id by concatenating two parts. The first part, 'pre', and second one are taken from
5480: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as sq
5481: This Python function sorts the 3D list 'b' by comparing elements at index [0, -> and <]. If element of first sub
5482: This Python script uses recursion to flatten nested lists. It iterates over each element of the input, and if it's found within another
5483: This Python script is creating an empty list, then iterating over each item within the 'json' variable using its key name as dictionary indexing and
5484: This line of the given C++ program returns an integer that is 0 when it's true and nonzero otherwise. The result will be either
5485: Replace all occurrences of the key with its corresponding replacement in text string 'txt'.  If no matches are found it returns original input as
5486: This line of Python script returns the string "<Attribute> &quot;Value&amp;" where <Attribu... is replaced with attribute and
5487: This function checks if the difference in y coordinates of two points is equal to or opposite. If it's true, then they are on same vertical
5488: This function takes an iterable and returns the path to that file. The result is joined with other paths in one line using 'join' method of
5489: This Python script opens the specified filename and reads all its content into memory using "try/catch" block to handle any exceptions that may occur during reading
5490: This Python script splits the input string into three parts separated by ':' and converts them to integers or floats respectively before calculating total number of
5491: This Python function takes an object of complex number as input, calculates the real part 'x' using .real attribute in python; it also gets
5492: This Python function finds the maximum value of nonzero elements found within an input list.  The variable 'grilles' represents different lists and each sub
5493: This Python function takes an RNA string and uses the given dictionary to translate it into protein sequences, using 'stop' characters as defined in Genetic
5494: This function calculates the mean of an iterable and keeps track on how many elements it has seen. It returns both these values along with its current
5495: This script will execute the given shell or bash commands.  It's useful in automating tasks on Unix systems, such as system updates and
5496: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5497: This Python script checks if the file has an image extension and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it ends with one of several common types like .
5498: Return an object with the specified properties. The Event Source is set to 'AWS KINESIS', and its Subscriber ARN matches
5499: This Python function takes two arguments, initial and current. It returns the result of dividing 'float' version values from these parameters by each other to
5500: This Python script parses the given dictionary and creates new dictionaries with specific keys. The values of these key/values are extracted from other nested fields
5501: This Python script splits the URL into two parts based on "?" and then further split it by periods to get file extension if available, else returns
5502: This Python function checks the input 'type' and returns “zero” based on its data types, ie., it will return zero when given
5503: Code generates list of file types to be ignored based on the given extension names, and returns false if any files with these extenstions are found
5504: If no interval data provided, return error. Otherwise calculate and store the difference between each value of 'metrics' within its corresponding pair from ‘
5505: This Python function converts an RGBA value from the OmERO format to standard float values in range [(float), ...] and returns
5506: This function returns the value of combogbox in python.  It takes two parameters, an input string and list as arguments which are used to pop
5507: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5508: If the key exists, it raises an error; otherwise adds and removes from dictonary as per requirement – Code explanation of what's happening
5509: This function is used to print the message "breedMLO" when called. It returns nothing and does not use any input parameters, thus it
5510: This Python script generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to 'n'. It starts with two initial values and then continuously adds the last
5511: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with keys from the list 'Interactions' as values. The value of each key is set to
5512: This Python function takes as input the list of English language vernacular and returns another one with all present participles ending 'ingly'. If they don
5513: This function takes in two parameters and returns the command with "-g", “h” ,and 'a' options. The first parameter is an
5514: This function tries to convert the input 'value' into float. If successful it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating an error occurred during conversion process
5515: If the given 'attribute' value in function call, returns it. Otherwise defaults to provided "default" argument – otherwise raises an exception with message
5516: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of input in int format
5517: This line of Python script joins the title with an HTML break tag to create one sentence per word in each phrase, effectively splitting and joining them into sentences
5518: This Python function sorts an array using the QuickSort algorithm. It takes as its argument any iterable of comparable elements, and returns another instance with these
5519: This Python function checks the value of an inputted variable and returns its boolean equivalent. If it's not one or both are undefined, then just
5520: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse and manipulate dates, times in various time zones. It also demonstrates the use of date/time objects from
5521: This Python script splits the SAS token into three parts and then further split them by ";" to get key/value pairs, returning dictionary of
5522: This line of Python script replaces all dots in the input string with underscores using builtin replace() function and returns it as output, which
5523: This Python function splits the input string into lines and returns two values - first line of text, second part after splitting by newline character if there
5524: This Python function calculates the day of week based on today's date. The result is returned as an integer, where Monday = 0 and Sunday
5525: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. It uses division and modulus operations in order not only finding
5526: This python script calculates the intersection area between two boxes. The maximum and minimum values of their coordinates are used to define each side length respectively in both
5527: This line of the Python script is returning an unsupported operation. It's trying to concatenating two strings, but it should be doing some kind
5528: This Python function replaces all occurrences of "-" with the word 'negatives' or '-'.  The result is then returned as an
5529: This function removes trailing newline or carriage return characters from the end of string. It continues to remove until it finds either one, and then returns
5530: This line of Python script converts the input CSV string into an integer array using map and int functions in combination with split function from python's
5531: This Python function splits the input string on "-" and then appending last value to it, finally returning dictionary with keys as sub site/ node
5532: This Python function counts the number of leading zeros in binary representation. It raises an error when given nonpositive numbers, and returns count minus one as
5533: This function takes an input x and returns the result of two times that number plus six. It's simple yet effective in many scenarios, especially when
5534: This function calculates the remainder of sums with modulo operation. The result is returned as 's'.  It uses an iterative approach to calculate
5535: If no database handle or its versions are correct then return false; otherwise it checks whether there exist any regular expressions and prints an error message when necessary
5536: This Python script checks the input string 'name' and returns an appropriate URL based on its value, if it is either Frankensheep or Shakespeare
5537: This function replaces all occurrences of underscores and hyphens in the string with dashes. It also converts everything to lowec
5538: This function checks whether the four points are intersecting with each other. If they're all within certain range of one another then it returns True and
5539: This Python function takes two lists as input parameters; it checks whether they are of different types or their lengths do no match up with each other - raises
5540: This function iterates over the elements of 'input_list' and checks if they are instances or not. If it finds an instance, then proceeds
5541: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the reverse order. It does so by iterating over each character, adding it to "start
5542: A dictionary of potentials from the cell 7 in reverse order with their corresponding values (-). The function returns value at key 'Cell' which is
5543: This line of the Python script calculates and assigns to 'd' variable. If difference between variables "a" & “b” is
5544: This Python script splices the input string into separate "phase" strings and then converts each of these to an integer using iteration count as well
5545: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5546: Replaces '@{username}' with the emoji version of @'{user}'.  It also replaces all instances where there is an
5547: This Python function swaps the values of two variables without using an extra variable. It uses modulus operator to find out which one is not zero and
5548: This Python script reads lines from an input file, counts the number of spaces and tabs at each level. It then prints out how many characters are needed
5549: This line of the Python script checks if 'var' is present as an element within list `ones`. If it does, then returns True;
5550: If the value of 'u' is less than zero, it will return negative version ('r') and then returns that result.  This function essentially
5551: This function takes an array of posts and returns the string representation by joining them with dots in between each post, if they exist else it will just output
5552: This Python script checks if the given IP address is present as an exit node of TURN server. It returns whether it's true or false along
5553: This function calculates the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule. The global step is used to determine when it starts reducing, and by how
5554: If the second element is zero, return 'none'. Otherwise calculate and returns result of division.  Code snippet to be used in other parts
5555: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5556: This Python script checks if the first element of split Git object content is 'blobs' and returns second one, which should be commit hash or tree
5557: This line of Python script converts the string _string to an integer using base '3' or decimal. It is equivalent with converting hexadec
5558: Returns True only when all fields in the given interface have been provided. Otherwise it returns False and stops checking further interfaces until one is found that provides them
5559: This function calculates the values of two variables based on some conditions. The first variable is calculated as `(-398*y+16
5560: The paths are not the same length. Return false as they cannot be compared to each other directly due their different lengths, hence it's impossible that
5561: This Python script generates two lists from the input sequence. The first list contains all odd numbers and their corresponding indices; while second one only includes even number
5562: If the length of 'token' is more than one, it prints out information about game name and number/value in token. Else returns first
5563: This line of the function checks if four byte integer is positive or negative. It does so by shifting right 3 bits and then comparing it with zero
5564: If the amount is negative it returns false. Else when there's no more money to spend in coins of value 3 then return true as
5565: If the config object doesnt have an attribute named slaveInput then return false. Otherwise it returns true; otherwise do nothing and just keep returning whether or
5566: This line of the given Python script checks if '+' operation between two numbers results in an integer. If it does then returns True else False or
5567: If the input parameter "p" does not exist, return none; otherwise split it into parts by '.'; check whether there are more than one part
5568: This Python script prints out the statement "Hello" followed by user's name.  It does not have any input or output as per request but
5569: This Python function checks if the number is an Armstrong Number. An armstong numeral or narcissistic numerals are numbers that equal
5570: If the 'verbose' parameter is true, it will return line number and rule description. Otherwise only returns just one of them or both depending on
5571: This function takes as input the list of SF values and returns their product or sum depending on whether they are floats/integers respectively; if not
5572: This Python function attempts to add two numbers, but if an exception occurs during the addition process it catches that error. If no exceptions occur then returns
5573: Prints help information about the program. – [Your Name], Date, Version Number -
```  	|   | 		 |   |  |
5574: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5575: This script splits the filenames of 'train' files by their path and takes only last 3 characters. The result is stored as list
5576: This function maps UV Index to an emoji. If the input is less than 3, it returns "😊". Else depending
5577: This function sorts the sequence of tuples by comparing each tuple's length. If two elements have equal lengths then it compares their values in
5578: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on some given parameters k and epsilon_0, which are both constants in our case but
5579: This line of the program converts an integer to its equivalent value after being multiplied by ten thousand and then divided into another variable. The result is
5580: This function checks if the input is in “ddmmYY” format, where d and m are digits from zero to nine; YY
5581: This Python function returns an array of odd numbers from the first n evenly spaced out integers. The step size is two and it starts at one
5582: If the string starts with pattern, return everything after that in line 3; otherwise just keep it as is on lines from to until end of file
5583: Checks whether the given data can be considered as valid input to an algorithm or function based on its nature and content; returns true when it's
5584: This Python function takes two 4D vectors as input and returns their cross product. The result is also returned in the form of three components y*,
5585: This Python script generates an XML string with the given feature and its corresponding value from input dictionary of features & values pairs as "parameters" argument using list
5586: This Python function returns the element at index 'n' in list if it exists; otherwise return zero as default value when there is no such an item
5587: This Python script creates an array of “feature” values based on the presence or absence, respectively., True/False value representation to represent whether each
5588: This line of the function checks if every element in current shape is greater than 0. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True
5589: This function calculates the average of all numbers in numList.  It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate and returns that value, which
5590: This Python function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and converts them into dictionaries where the keys are argument names while values correspond to their assigned variables or
5591: This Python function calculates the average of all elements present within an input list.  The variable 'i' is used to iteratively access each element
5592: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the items from 'c' list and finally returns that filled dict as output of function "
5593: A dictionary is created with the given names, family name and birth date from an input JSON object. The gender also gets extracted directly into it as well
5594: This Python script appends the part to an array, then joins all elements in that list into one string with underscores between each element and returns
5595: This Python function returns the result of dividing each element 'times' by 1/unit tick. If an item from list "time" isn
5596: This function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'umt' based on two given points and time. The equation is derived from three different equations
5597: This function returns the paths to log, json and state files of simulation with id '{0}'. The configuration is read from global variable "conf
5598: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5599: This script splits the given string on different comparison operators and returns only one of them as output, which is usually used to get version numbers from software
5600: This function returns the minimum number of tiles needed to cover an area with at least one tile. The total size is calculated by dividing 'Area'
5601: This Python script generates an output string with the results of each game. The numbering is based on their position within 'players' list and includes
5602: This function checks if the second element of 'departure' is not zero. If it isn’t, then set variable "Did Not Depart
5603: This line of the given Python script extends an existing list with three copies each containing [179] repeated twice in it and then returns that extended
5604: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the base three. It does so by repeatedly dividing and concatenating with each iteration until there
5605: This Python script takes three arguments - the minimum number of times an occurrence should occur in 'password' to be considered valid; it also accepts one character
5606: This function takes two parameters, 'N' and ‘VCell’. It returns the product of these values as output which is equivalent to performing
5607: This function calculates the slope of an equation defined by two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from basic algebra and geometry principles which
5608: This function checks whether the string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing characters from both ends of strings and moving towards center, returning
5609: This Python function calculates the value of 'amount' based on given parameters. The formula is derived from an equation involving k, dAX and x
5610: This line of Python function returns the percentage value by dividing 'n' with ‘d’ and then multiplying it to get in decimal form
5611: This function returns the maximum value that can be represented by an integer of given 'bit length' with one less than its binary representation. The number is
5612: Code is used to create an object of type 'Person' with the given first and last names. The function returns that person instance, which can be
5613: This Python function checks whether the list 'lst' and string variable "n" are not null, then it iterates over each item of that
5614: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the string representation of an equilateral polygon. The first list is used to define its vertices while
5615: This function adds two lists of numbers, then multiplies the result by three and subtracts it from original. The final output is twice that initial
5616: A dictionary is created to store the values 0 and 'year' in Python. The function returns an object that stores these two pieces of information as
5617: This Python function checks whether the input is an odd number. It returns true when it's even and false otherwise, based on its parity in
5618: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean formula and returns it as result, which is then normalized to fall
5619: This function checks the sub process's exit status and returns true or false based on whether it exited successfully. If an 'exitstatus': value
5620: This Python script initializes the variable 'chromsome' to 1 and assigns it back into another name, which is then printed out.
5621: This function calculates the conversion factor from kilobytes to megabyte. It takes two parameters, 'funits' and "un
5622: This Python function splits the version number into its major, minor and patch components using '.' as separator returning them in integer format 3 separate
5623: This Python script splits the headers from an HTTP request into key/value pairs, storing them as dictionary entries with keys being header names and values their
5624: This function checks if the given file name ends with one of jpg, gif or png and returns True when it does otherwise False in case
5625: This Python function checks the equality of two variables, 'b' and returns an integer. If both are not defined or one variable equals to zero then
5626: This function checks whether the given string is prefixed with 'gl' or starts from an underscore, and then returns it as lower case otherwise return
5627: This Python script fetches the option chain data from NSE India's website using given parameters and returns it in an appropriate format as per requirement of
5628: This line of Python script returns the string 'Rowa'.  It'll be used to create an output file name. The input is sift
5629: If no filter has been applied, it creates one and adds to the list of filters; otherwise just returns current set up as 'None' or an
5630: This Python function returns the number of ‘ones’ in binary representation. It uses builtin python functions to convert an integer into its corresponding Binary
5631: This function checks whether the input string contains an at sign (@). If it does, then raises and handles exception. Otherwise returns original data as is with
5632: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one bit per byte. The result is then divided by two to get an equivalent value in me
5633: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of strings, where each string is split into two parts by "
5634: This Python function checks the length of two strings and returns an integer. If they are not equal it will count how many characters do NOT match between them
5635: A function that calculates the nth term in an arithmetic sequence. The first two terms are always given as [0,   ] and each
5636: This Python function generates an array of boolean values based on the condition that each element is True if its index plus 'offset' equals to some multiple number
5637: This function takes an input string, collects all the letters in it and sorts them. It then joins these sorted characters together to form one single line
5638: This Python function checks whether the input "device" variable belongs to type string. If it does and its value ends with one of ‘digits
5639: This Python function returns the requested data in JSON format. The input parameters are 'bgt', which is budget ID and it's associated with another
5640: This line of the program is performing an AND operation on two binary numbers. The first number, 'x', and its rightmost eight bits are being
5641: If x is not equal to both lengths of other two lists then raise an error. Then it checks whether all elements in list 'Y' are less
5642: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5643: This line of the program is performing an AND operation on 'num' and decrementing it by one. The result will be stored back in "
5644: This Python function calculates the Jacobian matrix of an equation. The number 'x' is used to represent variables and it has length equal with dimension
5645: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5646: This function returns different messages based on an optimization's termination conditions in Python programming language using ternary operator '?' – conditional expressions feature from
5647: A function that returns an object with the given parameters. The returned dictionary includes id as unique identifier and other details about edges in network graph data structure like
5648: This function returns the binary representation of an integer. The input number is split into its individual bits and each bit's value returned as either '.'
5649: This line of the given Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by bitwise AND operation with '1's in binary representation and
5650: This Python script checks the HTTP request's 'header'. If it starts with either of two specific strings, then return one string; otherwise returns none
5651: This Python script uses the Euclidean algorithm to find two fractions with greatest common divisor. The while loop continues until one of them becomes zero and
5652: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'features' inputted by user and adds each one to our new vector as key
5653: This Python script creates four file paths by concatenating the directory path with specific filenames and returns them in an array format as per requirement of function
5654: This Python function converts all the letters of each string to lowercase and adds them into an empty list, 'Result'. The final output is that
5655: This Python script generates an array of size 'n' with the first two elements set to ‘zero’ and all other positions are filled by their
5656: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5657: This Python function modifies the input list of rows by replacing empty strings with previous nonempty string. It also marks certain elements as "controlled"
5658: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters and constants, which is essentially calculating some kinda formula with certain conditions applied to it
5659: This Python function splites the input string into three parts, converts each part to an integer and returns them as list of integers if they are less
5660: This Python script creates an array of binary digits from the input count using bitwise operations and shifting right operator, which is equivalent to counting number'
5661: This function calculates the value of an equation using one variable x, and returns it as output in Python language with precision up to two decimal places if
5662: Creates an IP address and MAC Address mapping in Python dictionary format with the help of ip count variable which is used to generate unique addresses based on its
5663: This function returns the first element in an array that matches with provided 'action_type' using lambda and filter functions. If no such match is
5664: This function returns the opposite of its input. If it receives 'bit' as string with value either equal to zero ("Bit is Zero") then
5665: This line of Python script attempts to convert the input value into floating point number. If it fails, then do nothing and continue with next iteration or operation
5666: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the 'n'th term in sequence using iterative method and returns it
5667: If the first character of 'name' is an uppercase letter, return it. Otherwise do not change its value and simply output as per requirement ("
5668: This line of the given Python script converts an input value to its integer equivalent. If it's not already numeric or starts with 'hex
5669: This Python script is used to slice the array 'arr' by excluding first and last elements. The sliced output will be stored back into variable
5670: This script checks whether the 'Read Group' field is present and populates it with an empty list, unless already exists. It also raises error when
5671: Try to get 'Diagnoses' from dictionary, if it doesn’t exist then raise an error with specific message and details about missing value in case
5672: This Python function reverses the order of characters in two given strings and checks if they are equal up to an index 'k'. If not, it
5673: This function calculates the result of adding b to subtract it from 'a' and then multiplying that by an input parameter.  It is
5674: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse the input string into three parts of an integer number separated by periods ("."). If all these values are empty
5675: This script calculates and prints out part of an intertia, which is used to measure how much one object's shape contributes towards another
5676: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'responses' object which is assumed to be some kind of response from API calls
5677: This line of the script is setting up variables to be used in subsequent operations. The variable "ix" represents x position and so on...  Code
5678: This function checks the type of 'Label' and returns it as string. If Label isn’t defined or not recognized then return an empty String else
5679: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each line of the given data to split it into individual lines/paragraphs or "Sent
5680: This Python script calculates the average of all elements within 'Corals' list. The result is then multiplied by ten and divided into hundred to
5681: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the file name of an .image or tifffile and extracts two groups from it, which are
5682: This function checks the type of input data. If it's an instance with 3 elements where second element in string format then returns third unit from
5683: This function calculates the Cross Product of two vectors. The input is expected to be 3D points represented as tuples or lists in Python
5684: This function tries to convert the input string into an integer, and if it fails due either of two conditions - whether its value is zero; otherwise returns
5685: This function truncates the strings to fit within specified size. It uses list comprehension and string slicing, but it also adds an ellipsis
5686: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated as difference between 'tif' height variable from another function
5687: This function converts the input string to lowercase and replaces underscores with hyphens in it, which is commonly used as URL friendly format
5688: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number 'x' by its square.  It is used to calculate some mathematical functions in physics or
5689: This line of Python script creates two lists, each containing 6 elements. Each element is an empty list and repeats twice to create the double amount
5690: This function calculates the speed in km/hr by taking into account factors like distance, time and delays. The result is rounded to two decimal places
5691: A function that generates the name of an SQL command based on its input parameters. The output is in all small case letters to ensure consistency across different systems
5692: A Python dictionary is used to map element types with their corresponding number of Bytes per vOxels. This allows us in the future, if
5693: This Python function calculates the difference between two values, but only if one of them is less than or equal to zero and another greater that'll
5694: This Python function checks whether two variables are equal, and returns true only when they're both not none. If any of them equals to 'None
5695: If the type of `object` is an instance or subclass that contains attribute named " __ ref  s" then call it with name as argument
5696: This line of the given Python script sets an attribute in user's browser using their ID. The value is set to 'session['vfpid
5697: This Python function takes an integer input of seconds and returns the equivalent time in HH::MMMSS format. The result is formatted to two dig
5698: This function creates and returns an empty dictionary. It then iterates over the input list of strings 'words'. For each string it generates all possible substr
5699: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary nested lists and returns the flattened version of it, creating new sublists if necessary to accommodate all elements
5700: This Python script converts the keys of dictionary parameters to dot notation and returns them as new dictionaries with replaced underscores by dots – an
5701: This line of the program calculates and returns an output based on input values. The formula used is simple multiplication, but with some additional variables to make
5702: Returns the given 'directory' or, in case of failure/exceptional condition,'default'.  This is an example function to demonstrate how one might
5703: This line of the Python script converts an input string to uppercase and returns it with its initial character converted into lower case, while leaving other characters
5704: This Python script calculates the sum of all credits from each class, and then returns that value as 'Total Credtis'.  It does so
5705: This Python function calculates the number of seconds in one section by multiplying given fractional part with 9 raised to power, then rounds down.
5706: This Python script replaces all occurrences of "-" and spaces with nothing leaving only the string without any space or dash left behind after replacement process
5707: This Python function calculates the Levinstein distance between two strings. If one string is empty and not equal to another it returns their lengths respectively else checks
5708: Sorts the given tuple list by firstly sorting them based on their second element and then if they have same elements it sorts according to its index
5709: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input parameters are x and y dimensions respectively which define how many times
5710: Returns the number of devices in one unit. The result is multiplied by two to account both units that are counted as "two" and those which
5711: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
5712: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that. If it's given as dictionary with key 'uuid', then
5713: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'dna' with another character, replacing any occurrence found within that variable ('
5714: This function checks if the given URL matches with specific pattern of "http or https followed by optional www, then domain name and finally / works directory at
5715: This function takes two lists and returns the intersection of all sets in these inputted ones using Python's builtin set data type to find common elements
5716: Return the value of 'public description' field from custom fields. If it doesn’t exist, returns none – one line python function to get
5717: If the stack is empty, return false. Otherwise check whether there's any triplegs on top of it and then pop them off until we find
5718: This Python script converts time in seconds into days/hours format. It uses the builtin function 'divmod' to get quotient and remainder
5719: If the input parameter is less than zero, it raises an error with appropriate message and returns original unaltered result – Code snippet to
5720: This script is checking the existence of certain keys within an object. If they exist, it removes them from that specific key's value and returns back
5721: This Python function calculates the squared Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers using list comprehension and builtin functions like `len` or '
5722: This Python function takes in an input string, checks if it starts with "PYRO:" and ends after the last ':' character or raises error when
5723: If the two points are close in any dimension to each other. Otherwise return False or if 'eps' isn’t provided then it returns true as
5724: This function checks the value of 'mode' and returns true or false based on its values. If any other string is passed, it will return None
5725: This function calculates and returns cude value. It takes one argument, an integer or float number as input which is cubed in its current state
5726: This Python script adds values from one dictionary to another and returns the resultant updated first dictonary as output if key exists else it appends new
5727: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string or not. If it’s true then calculate and return its ASCII value else
5728: This line of the program calculates how many points are needed to reach level nine. If it's not yet at that point, then there is
5729: If the status of json object is not 'OK', return none. Else extract and returns ASNs from data field along with vip addresses
5730: This Python function checks whether the given 'index' is within range of an array. If it isn’t, then returns either zero or one less
5731: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'd' that are present only once within list of values stored as "
5732: Code is an empty dictionary. No operation performed on it, just returning the result of its creation which always returns {}. (END SUMMARY
5733: Code adds up the values of variables 'c' & ‘d’ if they are both integers or floats. If not all arguments have integer
5734: This function calculates the linear regression model's prediction. It takes two parameters, 'x', and ‘lr’ which is learning rate
5735: This function calculates the Root Means Square Deviation in an astronomical unit. It takes as input, Numeric value of root mean
5736: If no sequence exists, return zero. Otherwise calculate the difference between current and last seen sequences then mask it to fit into an unsigned integer of size three
5737: This program simulates the process of playing "The Twelve Steps" on an infinite number line. The game is played with two discs,
5738: This script fetches the latest build number from Jenkis API. The result is returned in JSON format with 'name' and ‘status’
5739: This Python function generates and returns an ASCII art text based on the input N which is randomly generated between [0 to n]. The output will be
5740: This function calculates the distance between two points in 6D space. It takes as input four coordinates, and returns their difference squared times absolute
5741: If the attribute 'has_attribute' exists in object named `model` then return its value else it returns itself as is  Code snippet
5742: This Python function converts the first character of each word to uppercase and underscores are replaced with spaces. The rest characters remain unchanged or converted
5743: This line of the Python function returns longitudes in degrees, but it subtracts an offset and then divides by some constant to convert from map
5744: If the input sequence isn't of type string. Return false as it can only be strings in Python programming language and cannot handle other data types like
5745: This Python function checks whether the input 'input' in question has an instance of either tuple or lists. If it does have one then returns that as
5746: This line of the script calculates and assigns maximum/minimum values to two variables, 'x' & y', based on their respective indices in
5747: If the number of 'B's in string is zero, then it returns value from first variable.  Otherwise - does nothing and continues with next
5748: This function calculates the temperature based on pressure in Pascal using an equation that is specific to atmospheric conditions, and returns it as Fahren
5749: If the string starts with prefix, remove it from start of str else return original unaltered  String is processed according to its length or not?
5750: This Python function checks three different keys ("measurecode", “codecatalogue”, and ' cataloguetype') to see which one is
5751: "A function that returns the object's canonical form"  return _get_canon(name, self._objects).lower() in ["
5752: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5753: Checks if the input string is empty or null. If it's, returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet to be used
5754: This python script calculates the mass of Kohlertalin hydrochloride in grams. The molar concentration is calculated by multip
5755: This function takes as input an iterable of string and returns the first valid EPSG that it finds. It uses each provided 'parser' to try
5756: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5757: This Python script calculates the number of complete cycles needed to reach an initial amount less than or equal ‘investment’ from zero using 'year
5758: This Python function calculates the average distance from each element to one, taking into account that it is an absolute difference and divides by four as per
5759: This line of the Python script checks if one rectangle's coordinates are within another. The first two elements in each list represent their x, y positions
5760: This function calculates the value of an interpolated line. It takes two points, and returns their average as if they were on one straight segment with
5761: This function takes in an RGB value and multiplies it by the given 'factor' to create new colors. It then returns these modified values as output
5762: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern ".*to .*= \S*" and returns three values, if successful; otherwise it will return `
5763: This Python script opens the file ' last known ID _ provider . txt ', reads its content, and assigns it to an integer variable if possible;
5764: If the percentage of completion is greater than 98%, return an error message; otherwise check conditions and provide responses accordingly based on progression in completing
5765: This Python function calculates the total cost of an item after applying discounts and rewards. The formula is as follows, Total = Reward(if any
5766: This Python script tokenizes the sentences and assigns IOBs to each word based on their Named Entity Recognition tags using a list comprehens
5767: This Python script calculates the coordinates of points on an equilateral triangle mesh. The size and shape are determined by 'edge length' which is
5768: This function returns the binary representation of an integer 'n' and performs bitwise AND operation with "~(bitmask)" to clear all bits except
5769: If the index of movement is greater than sixteen, it returns true. Otherwise calculates and stores x/ y coordinates in variables to be used later
5770: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the keys from 'dictionary' as values to their corresponding key names ('keys') using list
5771: This line of the Python script calculates profit after applying taxes. The input is 'raw' and it multiplies with "tax rate" to get
5772: This Python function reverses the order of elements in an array. If 'end' is less than or equal to ‘begin’ it swaps
5773: This Python script opens the source text and reads it line by ‘line’ using with statement to handle exceptions in case of any error during reading process
5774: Checks if the configuration has only one item with name 'binoa' or not.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False."""
5775: This Python function returns the result of multiplying each element by its corresponding value from another list.  The output is then returned as an array, which
5776: This Python function splits the input URL into three parts and returns two new strings, one with first 4 components of original string split by '/'
5777: This line of Python script adds two lists together. It's very simple and efficient, but it does not provide any additional information or context about the
5778: This function takes in two parameters - string and delimiter. It replaces all newline characters with spaces then removes any extra white space from the
5779: If the list 'scores' is empty, return an emtpy array; otherwise copy it and sort by second element of each tuple in desc
5780: This Python script processes some inputted 'procedural' dataset and modifies it by adding new fields to each item with the help of lambda
5781: This Python script generates an HTML table from the given enumeration. The values and definitions of each item are displayed as rows within that same tabular structure
5782: This function takes two 31 bit integers and returns the result of calling cld on them. The 'cld' is an intrinsic in C
5783: This Python function returns the first odd integer from list 'l' if it exists. Otherwise, raises and handles exception "Value Error". If no such
5784: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side3 and base as
5785: Calculates the square root of 3 using integer arithmetic. The result will be an Int8, which can only hold values from -9 to
5786: This line of the given C++ program returns an integer value from right shift operation. The result is obtained by taking modulus with another number, which
5787: This is the implementation of Joseph's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate positions in sequence with given parameters and returns one position at time based on
5788: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'residence' dictionary has certain keys and their values. If all conditions are met, it returns
5789: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It assigns values to variables based on the condition(row<=x). The conditions are checked
5790: This Python function calculates the area of two rectangles, given their widths and heights respectively as well an additional parameter d which is used to calculate
5791: This Python function calculates the frequency of an instrument given its MIDI pitch number and returns it as Hz, which is equivalent to hertz in
5792: This Python function splits the string into list of individual elements, capitalizes each element and joins them back together as one single line text with no spaces
5793: If the shapes are not identical, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both inputs have been correctly defined before proceeding with any calculations or operations
5794: If the input list is empty or contains only one element then return an error value. Otherwise calculate and returns some result based on given formulae inside loop
5795: This Python function returns the color at index in an array of predefined colours. The colour is cycled through using modulo operation to wrap around
5796: Checks whether the string x contains two integers separated by an underscore. If it does and both are valid numbers then returns true; otherwise return False
5797: A dictionary to map dashes in Python's matplotlib library that is used as the default style of line objects when creating plots with MatPl
5798: A Python script that reads an input file and creates dictionaries from the data, where keys are column names extracted by splitting on ':' character while ign
5799: If the abstract and derivative fields are not set, it returns 'use_case'.  This is an example of how to handle missing values in Julia
5800: This Python script converts the given string into an integer value representing total number of second in provided format ie hh::mm or mm:.ss
5801: This function checks if the input is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it to its reverse version, which can be achieved using Python
5802: If the 'Year' is missing, it assigns its value to be equal with current time.  Returned dictionary of features after processing and cleaning
5803: This function calculates the value of an expression based on three input parameters. The result is modulo by 'mod' to prevent overflows and returns
5804: This Python function takes in five parameters and returns the first parameter. It's used to get information from an external database or other data source, which
5805: This function takes an integer and returns the corresponding city name.  It uses lookup table to map integers into their respective cities names in "San_Fr
5806: This Python script divides each element of the input list by an arbitrary number. The output is also in form as per requirement and returned from function "
5807: This Python script reads the requirements from an external text files and returns them into list format if it exists otherwise return empty array []. It also handles lines
5808: This Python script compares two dictionaries of hashes and returns the keys that are present only on one dictionary or have different values from another dictio
5809: This function calculates the width of an element in pixels based on its value and maximum possible values. The result is rounded to nearest integer, as pixel
5810: This Python script calculates the center of an object in image processing. The input is bounding box coordinates, and it outputs width w as calculated from
5811: This function calculates the number of partitions in an integer. It takes as input 'val' and divides it by another value called "n".
5812: This Python script generates the URL to be used in Kubernetes configuration file based on certain parameters such as HTTP url, OS type and Server serial number
5813: This function compares two lists and returns the difference between their lengths as well an average of differences from one list to another if they are not equal length
5814: This Python function takes an input list of tokens, and returns the same output as if each second token was appended to every other one followed by space
5815: If the length of 'Window' is 1 then return first element in Window. Else find and Return minimum value from within "Window" using
5816: If EXIF data isn't available, return none. Otherwise check the 'XMP/ArtistName', and returns its value or else it
5817: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then splits the input string 'conn' into key/value pairs using semicolon as delimiter
5818: This Python script splits an attribute string into its components and returns the value of one specific component based on certain conditions, if such condition is met it
5819: This function returns different values based on the value of 'C'. It's an example to demonstrate how conditional statements can be used in Python. The
5820: A list of four elements, where the first two are strings and three is an 'a' string. The last element in all cases will be always
5821: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5822: If the two dictionaries are equal, it returns dictionary ‘dict’. Otherwise -> Returns first non matching key in 'first_dictionary
5823: This Python script creates an object with the properties of each field in 'Students' data. The fields are extracted from one line string and assigned to
5824: This Python script copies elements from two lists, combines them into one and removes duplicates by converting the resulting set back to its original form of type '
5825: This line of the function returns an expression that adds 'I' to another value, multiplied by ‘w’. The result is then returned
5826: This Python function calculates the ratio of an object's magnetic permeability to its rest mass. The result is then used as part or all
5827: This line of the program calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in three dimensions using Pythagoras' theorem, which is then
5828: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'byte' by four bits and then using it to index into an
5829: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value based on two input parameters. The first parameter is 't' which represents time
5830: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
5831: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary called 'accessible residue' that only includes those entries from `dssp` where their corresponding value
5832: ' + str(s[0]) if isinstance(__import__("sys").getrefcount(), int)) else False, "")'
5833: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in Python script, but
5834: If the "_count" of "Event Actions is 1, return event. Else if it's more than one then iterates through
5835: A dictionary is created to map each alphabet character with its corresponding index. The function returns the mapped values as per their original order of appearance within '
5836: If the KMER is equal to one, return True. Otherwise returns False or zero in Python programming language based on comparison of label and compared value
5837: This function returns half of the input plus an additional constant, which is always one and equals to zero point five in decimal form or as it's
5838: This Python function takes the ARN of an AWS Elastic Load Balancing as input and returns only its last part, which is essentially just "load
5839: This function checks if the input string is empty, contains only spaces or underscores and also has no space inside it; otherwise returns true else false
5840: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with pairs of values from two lists. The first list is used as the keys while second
5841: This function returns the string 'WorkFlow' followed by whatever is passed in as an argument.  It does not do anything with that input, just
5842: If there are pluggable plates on the vehicle then return True. Otherwise False; otherwise it returns None or an error message depending upon context of use
5843: This API provides access to weather data related endpoints such as precipitations, stations and temperature observations over the last year from start date up until an optional
5844: This Python function splits the inputted text into individual strings based on spaces and returns only one of them, ie., first word in sentence or
5845: If the function is called with 0 attempts, it returns an empty string. Otherwise depending on how many times its been used to call itself until now
5846: This function takes two parameters - the sizes of elements in an array. It then calculates and returns half their difference as tuples using integer division
5847: This python function counts the number of times 'one' appears within an input list. It then returns how many percentages out there are that value is
5848: If the variable 'prec' isn’t defined, it returns an error message. Otherwise sets or updates ‘\_ pr n e b u r
5849: Convert the input to lowercase, then check if it contains any of several specific strings that could indicate some form identification like 'property', '.name.'
5850: This line of the given Python function returns bit at position 'index' from right in binary representation. The result is returned as an integer value, which
5851: This Python function checks the value of 'Role' and assigns it to either user, operator或 admin based on its values. If Role isn
5852: Prints the id, time and alert details in one line using Python' builtin functions format() & str(). The function returns 'not implemented',
5853: This Python function attempts to remove leading and trailing pipe characters from the inputted strings; if it fails due an exception then raises error message "Argument
5854: This line of the given python script is resizing an image based on its aspect ratio. If height and width are equal, it simply returns original dimensions
5855: This Python function checks the type of job scheduling system and returns an array with OS names that are compatible.  It'll return ['linux', '
5856: Returns the value of "stealing" option in an object. If it's not present, returns None or default_value if provided else raises
5857: This line of the program calculates and returns an angle between two points in 3D space. The formula used is derived from trigonometry,
5858: This Python function takes as input an object 'mapping', which is expected to be another dictionary and returns the values of that map mapped into lists using keys
5859: This line of Python script adds the values from "ds" dictionary to corresponding keys in 'cs' Dictionary. If there is no such key, it
5860: This Python function returns the dictionary with keys and values as per given conditions in problem statement 10473689 of DTool platform
5861: This Python script checks if two matrices are equal. It raises an error message when they do not match in terms on their dimensions/size as defined by
5862: Replace underscores in the given string with hyphens.  This is an example of using Scala's builtin function to perform such
5863: This program creates an infinite loop that keeps on running until it finds the number ‘one’, which is defined as being equal to one when revers
5864: Checks if the string "EEXT" is present in message. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or an error/exception
5865: Check the existence of 'report' key within warning dictionary. If it exists then check whether there are any issues types under that report or else return an
5866: If the input list 'rgb' has less thatn three elements, it will print "The RGB value should have more then two colors" and
5867: This function subtracts one from the input, shifts it to right by two bits and then more. The result is returned plus another number on top
5868: Checks whether the column type is an array. If it's "array" in any case, returns True; otherwise False  [1 line
5869: This line of the Python script returns single quotes around 'f"{}".format(var)' and also includes double quote marks in both sides.
5870: Returns the id, name of material and tags in one line. The number is also included as well which represents length/number coordinates present on basis part
5871: This Python function converts bytes to another unit of measurement. It uses dictionaries mapping units and their respective conversion factors in binary prefixes like KB(
5872: If the last character of 'char' is in "remove" then it removes that from end else returns original string.  This function will be used
5873: This Python script converts all lower case characters of the input string to their corresponding capitalized version using dictionary comprehension and list comphrehensions
5874: This Python function splits the input string into multiple strings based on new Line character ("\r", '\t', or'\f' etc.) and
5875: This script is used to manage the sidebar and its content visibility based on whether or not it has been clicked.  It toggles between active,
5876: This line of the given C++ function is shifting bits to create an RGBA color value. The resultant integer representation can be used in various ways
5877: This Python function calculates the number of elements that are different between two sequences. It uses 'zip' to pair corresponding items from both input lists and
5878: If the third element of 'Version' is not zero, return it as string. Else print error message and exit program with status 46
5879: This Python function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on '.', then checks if there is more than one substring, i
5880: This Python function calculates the size of an image after being scaled by its original aspect ratio. It does so using integer division to ensure that we get
5881: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers using list comprehension and builtin functions like `len()`, 'for
5882: This function replaces all commas in the string with no space, and returns it as resultant output of type 'str'.  It is used
5883: This function raises an error when the input is negative, calculates square root of difference between one and given number in case it's equal to zero
5884: This function checks the status of an 'Action' in terms whether it is declined or not and returns its corresponding filter value based on that information from another
5885: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value 'h'. The calculation is based on two variables, ‘gamma’ which
5886: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, where one number is multiplied by another. The result will be added to an initial value 'sigma
5887: This Python script splits the given string into an array of strings using "," as delimiter and then returns second element from that list, which
5888: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with data from the given JSON object. The keys are created by concatenating 'Key
5889: If the 'do_raisEx' parameter isn’t set, return false. Otherwise check its truthiness and handle it as true or fals
5890: This function calculates the number of minutes it takes to beat an object. It multiplies 'bearts' by six and then divides that result
5891: If the 'conceptual unit' URI isn’t provided, it returns that same value; otherwise strips off any leading or trailing slashes
5892: This line of the given Python script filters out all elements from 'set' that end with '_tapes'. The result is then returned as another Set
5893: This script groups the labels and predictions by their keys from two lists of tuples into three dictionaries with key as unique identifier to store them later
5894: A list comprehension that applies the function func to each element of an input sequence. The result is another one dimensional array with elements from original sequences transformed
5895: Throws an error if the input is not positive. Otherwise returns power of two closest to given number in integer form with rounding up function applied on
5896: If the 'module' is not empty, return string with format of devices/deviceId and modules. Otherwise just returns Devices path followed by Device Id
5897: This Python script creates dictionaries to count the frequency of letters from both RANSOM NOTES and MAGAZINEs, then compares
5898: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it's used to calculate some specific
5899: This Python function takes as input an object 'Graph', checks the data types of its elements, and copies them to another new Graph. The output is
5900: This function takes two arguments - path and filename. It returns the normalized absolute file system paths by joining them with '../' before calling `norm`
5901: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5902: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'z' based on three parameters, phi and two variables named "rho" which are
5903: This Python function counts the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise right shift operator '>>' and increments counter
5904: This function calculates the value of an expression using recursion and memoization, which is used to optimize performance by storing previously calculated results in memory
5905: This function takes four points in the form of tuples and returns their minimums along with maximumes.  It uses Python' builtin functions
5906: This function checks if the input object 'X' can be considered geometric. It does so by checking whether it either matches one of several predefined
5907: Checks if the first character of string is an UpperCase.  If it's, then returns true; otherwise false or error message "Error
5908: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' variable "is instance of" string. If it does not meet that condition then joins all elements in
5909: This function checks if the second part of filename is either “3” or '45' and returns false otherwise, else it will return true
5910: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' string or not. If it does then return that value else convert to String and returns
5911: This Python script attempts to subtract the value of 'ACC' from one and returns it. If an exception occurs, instead return string None is
5912: This line of the given Python script is returning an object field named "name". The underscore (_), plus, and string concatenation are used to
5913: "Expensive operation performed on the Deep Learning Model"  	Return value of function/method is 'returned' with an integer. The return
5914: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5915: This Python function calculates the maximum score based on shared items between two lists. The higher, more "similar" they are to each other in terms
5916: This Python function checks whether the given number is odd or even. It uses bitwise operations to determine and returns either "True" indicating an Even Number
5917: This script generates list of sentences from the given documents using Python's join function and appending to an empty string array, which is then returned as
5918: This line of the Python function calculates and returns derivative with respect to 'x' in one variable. The result is stored as "dtheta".
5919: This function takes in the name of an input directory and returns its SQL files' names with ".sql.jinja2." appended to them
5920: This function checks the input string, and returns it as is or prepends 'www.' to an http/ftp URL that does not start
5921: This Python function takes two parameters - 'filters' and the values of both these variables. If either value isn’t an integer or floating point
5922: This Python script is designed to return the value of 'core' based on an input parameter. If "phi" isn’t within range - it
5923: This function filters the list of bounding boxes based on their coordinates. It only keeps those that intersect with an area defined by 'w' width,
5924: This function takes two parameters, checks if the first parameter is greater than or equal to second. If it's true then returns True else False;
5925: This line of the program multiplies two constants and returns their results. The result is stored in variables 'c' which are then returned as output from
5926: This function checks whether the string 'len' is 6 characters long, then splits it into four parts of equal length using Python’ split method
5927: This Python function replaces special characters and spaces in the given string with nothing while splitting it into three parts using parentheses as delimiters;
5928: This Python function splits the input string on underscores and then capitalizes each word, joining them back together with spaces in between using map()
5929: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
5930: This Python script calculates the adjusted P values and adjusts them to fall within [minval], then sorts these new calculated vales from high towards
5931: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by four. It takes an index as input parameter idx which is used to perform operations on it in
5932: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and whether it has any value in string format; If so returns that input otherwise return an empty/
5933: This line of Python script uses the builtin function 'zip' to pair up elements from two lists. Then it calculates and returns an expression that
5934: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
5935: This line of Python script returns all the .txt or any other specified suffixes from given list/array 'files'.  It uses List Compre
5936: This function checks if the distance between two points in 4D space is less than or equal to half of their respective dimensions plus one unit. If
5937: If 'type' of two variables is not equal, raise an error.  This will prevent any possible errors in your program by ensuring that both inputs
5938: This function takes an object of type Publisher and returns the author ids as list in one line using Python' builtin split() method, which
5939: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
5940: A function that returns the type of variable as string from its name in dictionary format, with case insensitive comparison using upper method and returning corresponding value if
5941: This line of the script calculates and assigns to 'grid_scale' variable, which is then used in other calculations related with mesh density or
5942: This line of the script is creating an unordered set from three lists, then converting it back to its original form using "list()". The result
5943: This line of the program creates three variables, 'p' and their corresponding values in an array. The first two elements are assigned to these new variable
5944: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or contains only digits. If the latter case returns two strings with first part being all
5945: This function checks if the number of distinct keys is 1 or not, which means that all values are different from each other and there's only
5946: This Python function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents their scalar multiplication in 3D
5947: This function takes in three parameters, adds them together and returns the result. It's called "add_three".  The names of these variables
5948: Code: 		total = 0. 			for item in costlist[1]: total += float('.' + repr((item['Price
5949: This Python function splits the input string into separate terms based on underscores, converts each term to title case and then joins them back together
5950: If the list of word is empty return an error message. Otherwise join all elements in that array with space and put it between two colons :
5951: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string.  It also handles multiple consecutive spaces in between as one space only if they are not part
5952: This line of the script calculates and returns two values. The first value is 'shutter' which represents how much time it takes to capture an
5953: This Python script calculates the power of 3 using an iterative approach. The loop starts with 'border' and doubles it each time,
5954: This Python script is used to create the necessary HTTP header. The 'conf' payload contains two keys - dataPartitionId and App Key which are then
5955: This function checks whether the given input is divisible by 'n'. If it's not, then return false. Otherwise - true – indicates
5956: This function calculates the reciprocal of √[x^4 + 3*y] where x and y are input parameters. The
5957: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula used is d=sqrt(x^{1}+
5958: This Python script returns the flattened list of elements from nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is an
5959: 返回一个带有会话属性和对应意图的确认提示。如果用户拒绝，则不执行任何操作；否则将
5960: This Python script calculates the total number of downloads from rows where category is 'with mirros'.  The result will be stored as ```'
5961: This function converts the first character of each word into lowercase. If it's an upper case letter, then add 4 as ASCII
5962: This Python function calculates the difference between two lists of equal length. It creates an output list with zeros and ones, where zero indicates that elements
5963: This function converts an integer to its hexadecimal representation. If the input is not within 8 bit range of -1 and +3
5964: This Python function checks whether the length of 'res' is  zero or not and returns an empty array otherwise it creates column names from first dictionary object
5965: If the length of 'list' is zero then return an empty array. Else check whether it equals to "zero". In that case returns original
5966: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
5967: This function checks the values of 'regfile' ('rv64') with specific indices. If they match, it returns zero; otherwise - one
5968: This Python function calculates the pixel coordinates of an image based on its detector type and size. If it's 'L', then they are calculated
5969: This line of Python script returns the resultant summation between two lists.  It uses map function to apply lambda functions on each element in both
5970: This function checks if one range is completely inside another. It returns True or False based on the condition given in your question, which means it will check
5971: This Python script checks the value of 'travelling mode' and then accesses different keys in nested dictionaries based on that. It returns duration
5972: This function takes an input string and returns the first character of that.  It's used to get unique keys from dictionary values in Python programming language
5973: This Python function converts an integer to its two's complement form. It takes the binary representation of w and flips all bits, then adds
5974: This function takes two tuples of four numbers each representing the coordinates in 4D space and returns their intersection. The result is another tuple with
5975: This Python script creates and returns the sum of two lists by using List Comprehension.  The comprehensions iterates over each index from zero
5976: This script returns the names of all those who are either partnered with an organization named "Consoritum", have set their 'False'
5977: This function returns the largest integer less than or equal to input 'X'. It does so by continuously dividing X until it is no longer greater then
5978: This Python function counts the number of 'on' bits in an integer represented as binary mask. It uses Bitwise AND operation to check if each right
5979: This Python function takes an array 'T' and pads it with 1s. The paddings are calculated as twice the value of each non
5980: This function calculates the ratio of healthy and unhealthy proteins in two different samples. The result is then normalized to be between 0 & .
5981: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
5982: This function checks if the given equation is right angled. It does so by comparing square of one side with summation or product other two sides in
5983: Checks the least significant byte of an integer. If it matches, returns corresponding value else return default(default). Code is checking whether first four bits
5984: This function takes in one parameter, which is the string to be checked. If it's length equals 1 then return 'O', else just
5985: This function calculates the start and end frame numbers based on duration, speed factor (_speed). It returns two integers that represent these values. 1
5986: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an arithmetic series's total and returns it as its resultant 'absolute error'. The calculation
5987: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element from 'freq' spectrum dictionary with key="2", if it exists otherwise
5988: This line of the given Python script initializes two variables, 'Layer UID' and increments its value by 1. The incremented result
5989: This line of the program calculates and returns half n*(N−(i+j)), where N is total number, i.e., index
5990: This python function calculates the next value of 'a', based on previous values. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find out how many
5991: Checks the length of `sa_iD` and ensures it is 13 digits, then checks each digit to ensure they are all
5992: If the username provided by client doesnt exist in database then it raises an error else returns greeting message with that name – using exception handling to
5993: This Python function checks whether the input 'Data' variable type inherits from either int or floats and then converts it into an integer/
5994: This line of Python script returns colored output. The color is set to green using ANSI escape codes, and the input string "text".
5995: This Python function takes an array as input and returns the first even number it encounters. If no such element exists, then return None or 'None
5996: This function reads the first name from string.  It does so by finding and returning that substring before it finds an empty space in between names,
5997: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation using two functions. The result is then used to find y values in relation with given points on one
5998: This function checks if the key k is one of several keys that are used in some part. The purpose behind these keywords might be to identify certain parts
5999: This Python script splits the input string into chucks of equal length, with an optional chunk size parameter to control how many pieces are created from each
6000: This function takes two parameters, 'val' which is the value to search within list elements of type dict or set; it returns all values that match
6001: This line of the function calculates how much more we need to improve our score by comparing it with what's known as "best" or optimal
6002: If the given input is ‘number’ equals to 'two', it returns True. Otherwise, False will be returned by function in Python programming language
6003: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements and maximum alignment length among some list. The padding is calculated to make sure that every element has an
6004: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'n' is divisible by any number in range from ‘i’ to sqrt(“
6005: This line of the given Python script is performing an AND operation between two binary numbers, but it's using bitwise NOT operator to invert one number
6006: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' terms using dynamic programming approach with memoization and recursion combined into
6007: This Python script splits the right hand side of an assignment statement into its components, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each component and checks
6008: This function calculates the amount of water retained by an object after it has been fractured. The formula is based on Fractional Deformation Theory
6009: This function checks if the eye color is one of several possible values. The input 's' should be either an integer, float or string that represents
6010: This Python function checks whether the given string starts with single quotes (' '), double quote (" "). If it does, then removes these characters from both
6011: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6012: This Python function checks the type of an object and performs different actions based on its types. If it's one among int/float or boolean then
6013: This script reads in an input file, splits it into individual line entries and then looks at each entry to see if they start with either of two
6014: This Python function transforms the input data array into an equivalent 3D matrix where each element is its corresponding row and column value from 'data'.
6015: If no cryptographic algorithms are available, return "None". Otherwise find the smallest number of bits used by one or more encryption/decryption methods.
6016: This Python function replaces the apostrophes in 'string' with their appropriate HTML entities to avoid syntax errors when using it as an argument within JavaScript
6017: Returns True if the string ends with "." and has only one word, False otherwise – Code is checking whether or not there's exactly two
6018: If the value of 'int' is less than zero, it gets converted to its absolute positive equivalent. Then one bitwise inversion operation will be
6019: This Python script reads from the file 'previous rosters' and stores each line that starts with an empty space into ```[ ]``` list which
6020: This function takes two inputs, 'x1' and ‘cond’. It returns the value of one input based on another using an AND operation
6021: This Python script creates and returns list of dictionaries with 'all' documents along their document ids as the values from given set `VALID DOC
6022: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value, which is calculated by subtracting 'z_min' from another variable called
6023: If the input 'object' isn’nt of type Tuple then return it as such. Otherwise split into header and body parts; convert each element
6024: This function takes two arguments, 'arg', and returns the sum of their values plus one line break ('\n') followed by an argument multiplied
6025: This python function calculates the determinant of 6 points in space. The formula is derived from geometry and involves basic algebra operations on vectors, which
6026: This Python function converts an integer to binary format. The input is the hash number and its length in bytes which are passed as parameters; it returns
6027: This Python function checks if two numbers are equal, then whether the second number is within an interconnected bond list. If both conditions hold true it returns
6028: If the symbol is found, return it wrapped with square brackets. Otherwise wrap its name inside double quotes and append an exclamation mark at end
6029: This function calculates the amount of "fuel" required to launch an object with given initial weight. The result is returned as negative if there'
6030: This line of the given Python script is performing an integer division operation. The result will be stored in "record['integer']". It's essentially
6031: This function checks whether the elements in 'smaller' list are present as sublists of larger one. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false
6032: This Python function searches an object within the given 'iteratable' and returns its position if it is present. If absent, raises "Value Error".
6033: This line of the script checks if either 'Expected' is in any part, case insensitive to file extension and also ends with '-'. If so
6034: This function calculates the distance between two addresses. If they are not aligned, it returns zero; otherwise return how far apart them in terms of '
6035: This function splits the input string into lines, then returns either one of them depending on whether it contains '\t' or not and finally removes any
6036: This Python function splits an 'input string' into separate line strings and then looks up the first occurrence of any given ‘preffix’
6037: This Python function converts an RSSI value to text. The input is the received signal strength indicator (-RSI). It maps these values into
6038: This line of the Python function returns True if and only when 'latitude' is greater than 0, otherwise it will be False or None in
6039: This line of Python script checks the given variable 'value' and returns it, or replaces any `none` string with another default.  It
6040: If the characters at position i in both strings are not equal, return all of string ‘one’ up to but excluding index 'I'.
6041: This function returns the value of 'work' based on its content. If it is equal to high, return number two; else check next condition and
6042: This function checks if the first part of 'network data source' starts with "https".  It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it is
6043: If the lengths do NOT match in Xor operation on two given string inputs.  Raise an error with appropriate message indicating that input is invalid or
6044: This Python function checks whether the input ```{param}``` is valid. If it isn’t an integer between zero and three inclusive then raises
6045: If the given 'label' is found within our defined set of labels to suppress, return an indicator string. Otherwise it returns its original value as normal
6046: This Python script is used to concatenates all the elements of an input list into one string. The output will be like 'string_input'.
6047: Generates list of strings with the format "<low> = <ID> <= >" where low and high are lower/ upper bounds on an
6048: If the input 'is instance of' string then raise type error. Else return formatted output using modulus operator '%'.  This function will be
6049: This Python function checks if the input string, converted to all small case letters and equals any of three predefined strings ("False", “No
6050: This Python function converts the input string to title case, where each word's initial character is capitalized and all other characters are lowercase or
6051: This line of Python script joins all the elements in 'txt' list into one string, with each element enclosed by double quotes and separated using comma
6052: This Python function calculates the bit rate based on given parameters. The formula is "bandwidth=data*8/duration". It's used
6053: If there are no unique letter pairs, the function returns '2'. This is because it means that all letters in each word have been used. Therefore
6054: If the variable 'b' is zero, return one. Otherwise (-return), which means it will always be negative in Python programming language and thus returns
6055: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between angle and x is less than or equal to delta_x. Otherwise, it will be
6056: This is an example of Python function that returns “x” when true, and nothing otherwise. It's useful in many situations where you want
6057: This function calculates the square of first element and summation between second elements.  It returns two results - squared value from both inputs(x
6058: This Python script attempts to load JSON from an input string and convert it into dictionary format using 'dict()'. If there're any issues with par
6059: This function calculates the utility set and capacity values based on given parameters of 'q' &amp;lt;-&gt;&#xA9
6060: Returns the "Resources" key from dictionary 'data'.  This is an example of how to access nested keys in Python. In other languages, you
6061: This function checks whether two variables are equal, and also returns true when either of them is 'x' in any case. If neither variable matches the
6062: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two lists. The input is x and w, where each element at index 'n' from both arrays
6063: This Python function calculates the Celsius equivalent of Fahrenheit temperature. It takes as input an argument 'temperature in f' and
6064: This function returns the resizing of an image in Python. It takes three parameters, target size and then it applies these sizes to resize images using P
6065: This function recursively deletes empty dictionaries and lists from the input 'list' of Python Dicts/Lists where keys are present within
6066: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an array that contains elements at index 4 from each sublist within 'search results' list
6067: Retrieves AWS credentials using the Gateway Account and Role. The account is padded with zeros to make it length of exactly ten characters
6068: This function copies the dictionary and then deletes an item from it if present using its 'in' keyword as well to avoid KeyError exception when trying
6069: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division between two numbers. It is used to split an array into chunks or subgroups based on their
6070: This Python function splits the input string by hyphen and returns two parts of it, separated with an additional dash (-). If there is no second
6071: This Python script checks if the keys in one dictionary are present as well or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that comparison of two d
6072: This function returns the first highest number greater than 'value' from list of numbers. If no such element exists, it will return maximum among all elements
6073: This function checks if the absolute difference between every element of two lists is less than or equal to half their respective values plus some small constant times that value
6074: This Python function calculates the sum of two numbers and returns it in an unsigned short integer. The result is then bitwise ANDed with `(
6075: This Python function tries to return the third element of 'shape' list. If an error occurs, it returns zero instead which is assumed as default value
6076: This Python function removes duplicates from an array by checking each element against the next elements of that list, effectively removing any duplicate values within one pass through
6077: This Python function finds the maximum of all values within an input list. It initializes 'max' to 1 and then compares each number with
6078: If the string s passed to it as an argument, returns empty. Otherwise - just keep on returning that same value until you get one of them and
6079: This Python function checks the value of 'val' and returns different strings based on its sign. If it is zero, then return string as default else
6080: This function calculates the value of 'n' based on two given numbers, "b" is subtracted from it. If any one number in
6081: Code converts the string into an Int type. If "plus" is found in it then adds to position value and parses remaining part of number
6082: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using three parameters, then returns that value as an absolute result with some mathematical
6083: This Python function deletes specific fields from the input dictionary. The list of these 'read only' or ‘hidden’ attributes is provided as an
6084: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the first list that contains only elements from second one with certain prefixes of their tags which are specified
6085: If the length of 'ans' is less than ‘K’, return false. Otherwise check each index from [0 to K). Check whether
6086: This Python script creates an empty list and then adds elements from the table to it based on their indices if they match with 'base link index'. The
6087: This line of the given Python script removes any leading or trailing whitespace from string 's'.  It'll be used to clean up data
6088: This line of the given C++ program performs elementwise multiplication between two vectors and adds another one. The result is returned as an output parameter in function
6089: This Python function calculates the frequency of an audio signal given its notename and returns it in hertz, which is then multiplied by four times
6090: This Python script filters out any empty strings from the list of input 'strings'. It then joins all remaining elements into one string, with each element separated
6091: This Python function checks whether the first character of any string is an open square bracket ('[]') or not. If it's true, then
6092: If the two input arrays are not of same lengths then it raises an error. Otherwise calculates and returns their elementwise difference's absolute value sums
6093: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6094: This function checks whether the string starts with "HTTP", “HTTPS”, and/or 'FTP' protocol prefixes in Python
6095: If the input 'value' falls outside of range [low,high], it returns either "High" or “Lower” depending on which one
6096: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6097: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'extraxtions' dictionary and adds each key/pair to another temporary dicton
6098: This function is used to create the shape of an object. It takes as input one tensor and returns its original form if it's empty; otherwise
6099: This Python function checks if the input 'object' p has two elements of type string & integer. If it does then returns True else False –
6100: This Python script reads from the 'references' list and writes to an output file using String IO function which is used here as buffer object that stores
6101: This Python function converts the given list of temperature values from degrees CELSIUS to Kélvin and returns them in another array, where
6102: If the input 'date' object has no value, return "None". Otherwise format and output it in ISO 8601 string representation using
6103: Returns True if the length of 'other' is less than or equal to that value. Otherwise, it returns False – ie., whether its
6104: This Python function is used to create an event dictionary based on the type, action and data of incoming messages from Telegram bot API v13 or
6105: If the variable 'txt' exists, convert it to lowercase; otherwise return an empty string."""  # noqa E901 line
6106: This Python function returns the string representation of an enumerated value.  It handles different cases based on 'enum' parameter and provides default case when no
6107: This script reads two lists of files, merges them and creates unique identifiers from the file names that are split by an underscore character (_).
6108: This Python function strips the '<' and >', if any, from both ends of an input URI string before returning it as output without trailing
6109: This script will echo the command and current date in UTC timezone. The ` character is replaced with \ to prevent shell interpretation of it as an escape
6110: This Python function returns an object with three properties. The first property is the path to your API's endpoints and it doesn’t have any
6111: This function takes two arguments and returns four values in the order of 'kwd'. The first argument is multiplied by .9 to simulate progression
6112: This Python function calculates the change in Unemployement Rate between two consecutive data points. The output is rounded to one decimal place and returned as '
6113: This Python function calculates the Factorial of 'int' type number. If input isn’t valid then it raises appropriate error messages."
6114: This Python function deletes all keys from the dictionary 'X' that have value ‘zero’, and then returns updated Dictionary X after deleting those
6115: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6116: This Python function calculates the age of an object in years based on its Modified Julian Date( MJD). The result is then multi
6117: Code is returning the number one. This function takes no parameters and returns an integer value of 'one'. The purpose behind it's implementation was to
6118: A dictionary that maps basis codes to their corresponding values. This is used in the function 'get_value' which takes as input an argument "base
6119: This Python function takes an input 'iteratable' and returns the same output as if it were run on that object, but with each element separated by
6120: This Python function calculates the value of an exponential decaying probability with rate parameter α = 0.8 and initial state p_initial=7
6121: This Python function calculates the value of an equation using numerical methods to approximate real numbers, specifically one part in each term is constant and other parts are
6122: "A function that takes two strings as input and returns the longest common substring of these “strings”."   Length = 30 characters
6123: This function takes in four parameters and returns the values of these variables after performing some operations. The first two are used to calculate new coordinates based on an
6124: This Python script splits each input string into an array of substrings, checks the first element to determine what type it is and returns its value accordingly
6125: This line of the function checks if 'para' is one key present within type table. If it exists, then returns its value; otherwise throws an
6126: A dictionary that contains the dimensions of an object in terms related to its cylinder and cone shapes based on user inputted values from another function or variable named
6127: This function checks if the features of an object are related to Mexico. If they have 'feature' with value equal or greater than 10,
6128: Code: string, Context depth is 3. String contains three blocks of brackets with no content between them - {}. The first block has one
6129: Code: import regex as reg_exp from 're';  Pattern to compile the regular expression in Python using `regex` module and store it
6130: This function checks the parity of an integer. If 'n' is zero it returns whether or not '%', which calculates modulo operation on
6131: This function counts the number of ones in an array. The input is x, which can be any type that supports integer arithmetic and has length greater
6132: If the function or variable "checker", it checks whether there's any value provided. Otherwise, raise an error message stating that you need to
6133: This Python function checks the type of input and returns it as string or joined by dots in case its an instance from Tuple class; otherwise raises error
6134: This function checks if the given 'Year' is divisible by four, but not both. It also ensures that it can be evenly divided with
6135: This Python function returns the extension of an input file name, if it has one; otherwise return empty string."""  # noqa E96
6136: This Python function calculates the average of each element'd neighbors and assign it to an array. The first value is assigned with its own neighbor’
6137: This Python script creates and returns the sum of two vectors. The length is determined by len() function on vec ‘vector’, which are
6138: This line of the script splits each element in 'resp' list by comma and assigns it to variable named "splitted".  It is
6139: This Python function creates and returns an object 'additional' with properties from the dictionary "adjustments". The values of these adjusts are assigned
6140: This function converts an integer to its equivalent column and rows in the grid. If provided with invalid input it raises error "Value Error". The conversion
6141: This line of the function returns '.png' as its output. It is used to determine what type file extension should be added when saving an image,
6142: This line of Python function converts the first character in each word to uppercase and returns it as string, which is then converted into an array using
6143: This Python function checks whether the given two numbers are equal or not. If they're, it returns 'True'. Otherwise，it calculates and
6144: This Python script uses the 'subprocess' module to run samtool commands on an BAM file. The command is designed specifically as ['SamTools
6145: This function returns the result of dividing its input by ten thousand. It's an example to show how division works in Python, but it can
6146: This function scales the input value 'val' between two given ranges ('source') and then shifts it within another range('destination'). If "value
6147: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6148: If the first element of 'status' list, it returns either undefined(0), valid or invalid based on its value. – Code snip
6149: This script creates three sets to store unique genera with their corresponding specimens/taxids from the given list of tuples 'genus',
6150: A list is created with one element ‘[1],’ two elements '['B']' and three integers as the third part of it.
6151: This function returns the part of URL before 'if' keyword if it exists, else return whole string as is in case no such condition found"
6152: This Python script parses the URL to extract and return only its file name, without any query parameters or other information in it's url formatting
6153: This function returns the concatenation of lowercase version(s), separated by hyphen(-). It is used to generate unique identifiers in database tables
6154: If the given 'hostnam'e variable isn’t defined, return "None". Else split and get second part of domain name from it
6155: This function returns the string '-' repeated 'n'-times, followed by full content. If related docs are present then it will repeat them n
6156: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6157: This script filters out diagnostic specific models from the list of all available Models within an Eclipse Project, thus reducing unnecessary computational load and improving performance by
6158: This Python function takes an input 'y' and returns the absolute value of that number. If it is negative, then its returned as positive by multip
6159: This function transforms the input dictionary into another one, treating all keys that start with "q" as unique values and counting their occurrences within
6160: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6161: Code to generate random numbers in Python. 10,346 unique values between -987 and +xxx where xxx varies from
6162: This Python script creates an epoch number and adds leading zeros to it until the length of string is 3. It then concatenates these two strings
6163: This Python function calculates the temperature and pressure based on depth in km using an equation derived from thermodynamics principles of water at constant volume with given
6164: This Python script calculates the normalized values of dictionary's items by subtracting minimum and dividing it with difference between maximum to mimic standardization
6165: This line of the Python function checks if an input 'lesson' is within certain conditions. The first condition ensures that it falls into one outlier
6166: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6167: This function returns the difference between 'v' and either its positive or negative version depending on whether it is greater than, less thenor equal to zero
6168: This Python function generates the name of an AWS Cinders snapshot using volume id.  The output is in string format and it's based on
6169: Convert the value to hexadecimal and prepend with "O" or "" depending on whether it is odd length. If even then return as
6170: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you should include your name and date here).
6171: This line of the Python script checks if "low" is less than threshold, greater by one unit higher then high. If either condition fails it returns
6172: This function checks if the input string "name" exists, has at least 4 characters long including spaces. If it does then returns True else False
6173: This function converts the input into an IRI format. It checks each character of given strings and if it is alphanumeric or special symbol
6174: This function checks if the given coordinates are within valid geographical bounds. It returns true when they're not, and false otherwise based on whether their
6175: This function calculates the maximum and minimum of two points in 1D space. The result is then returned as 'hi' minus lower bound ('
6176: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using Horner's method. The coefficients are stored in variables and calculated as per their position,
6177: This function returns the number of digits in num. It does so by converting 'int' to string and then getting its length which is also known
6178: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in an array. The minimum and maximu values are calculated from each number's index 3 &
6179: This function updates the dictionary of functions based on two dictionaries, checking if there are any differences between them before updating it to avoid overwriting existing definitions
6180: This function calculates the result of linear regression. It takes two parameters, 'w' and ‘X’ which are weights or coefficients in our
6181: Writes the contents of 'file' to an output text filename.  The operation is performed in one line using Python language syntax and builtin functions
6182: Copies the values of 'lambda' into each element within list, and if an item is greater than or less that it replaces with its corresponding
6183: This function takes an argument and checks whether it's of type string or list/array; If the input has commas then split by comma else
6184: Code generates boolean value based on the input number. If it's 0, then returns false; if not zero but is divisible by any
6185: This function returns the letter corresponding to an integer in Python. It uses dictionary mapping and indexing, which is very efficient both time complexity O(n
6186: This line of Python script calculates the running total. It takes two variables and swaps their values to simulate an accumulator in computer science terms that
6187: If the key POLICY\_ TEmplaTEx exists and its value equals to PolicyTempalte .XML then return True with an
6188: This function takes an input of type 'string' and returns the same as it is, but with appended suffix. (i).e
6189: This Python script counts the number of "travel requests". It initializes count to 1 and then adds up all lengths from each list within '
6190: This function implements the formula of an exponential decay with different parameters based on 'beta', which is used to determine how quickly or slowly some quantity decreases over
6191: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative, and then multiplies all even numbers up to 'input' by 3. The result
6192: This function calculates the number of times an observation is exceeded based on its distribution. If more than ten observations are found, it returns their proportion
6193: This Python script merges two dictionaries into one while preserving the order of elements and removing duplicates based on keys from both input dicts 'left
6194: If the input is of length 3, it returns 'RGB' else raises an error. Else does nothing and throws another valueerror exception
6195: This function checks the type of input 'Q' and converts it to lowercase before checking its value against specific strings ("1Sigma", etc).
6196: This Python function returns the MIME type and its length in bytes. The content is returned as an array of tuples, where each tuple contains
6197: This function checks if the input string is valid DNA sequence. It returns true only when all characters are either A, T, C or G and there
6198: This line of the given Python script copies an existing 'predictions' object and then modifies it by filtering out features with scores less than or equal
6199: This function takes in four parameters and updates the coordinates of an object by adding some amount to each. The width/ height are not changed as they were
6200: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6201: This Python script checks the length of each input string and raises an error when it's zero or less than 3 characters long; otherwise，it
6202: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each 'individual' from the input data set "transposedDecimalsPopInput
6203: This function calculates the number of ways to reach from top left corner in an m x n grid by only moving right or down. The base case
6204: This Python function takes in one string of text and splits it into two lists - the first list contains all characters from each sentence/line while keeping
6205: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to string, then extracts and returns only 3 digits from it. The result is
6206: This Python script is splitting the input string into three parts using dot as separator and checking whether it has exactly 1 or more than one part which
6207: This line of the Python script checks if "Front Left Tires Pressurized" exists in dictionary 'data'. If it does, then returns
6208: This Python function takes three index values from an array of possible triangles. It returns the smallest one if it's less than others; otherwise throws
6209: This script is used as part of an automation process that adds providers from the given list and logs their statuses, if they were successful or not respectively
6210: This Python function calculates the number of documents per each individual and then uses these values to calculate offsets. It also multiplies by two because it
6211: If the product is considered as 'fresh' based on its percentage of being in perfect condition, it will return one out 3 categories. The
6212: Returns the URL of an editor with given name, e..g., 'FG' in http:/...//fg108436
6213: This line of Python script returns all elements from the list 'models' that are not equal to given model.  It uses List Comprehension
6214: This is an equation that represents the relationship between two variables, 'y' and its square root of another variable called "x". The function returns y
6215: If the variable 'detection' is ‘Zero’, it returns string“ Full”. Else when its value becomes one or more than
6216: This Python function splits two paths and then compares the first part of each path until they are not equal anymore, it returns an upwards arrow
6217: This Python script splits the input into two parts based on ':' and returns an object with db as key, id if it exists otherwise empty value
6218: This Python function calculates the number of days and remaining hours in an input time difference. The result is formatted as 'HH':'MM'. If
6219: This script calculates the values of five different variables based on an input value 'extinctio' which is divided by two and then multiplied with
6220: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6221: Checks whether the object 'obj' belongs to class/type or not. If it does then returns that value else return None – Python Code
6222: This Python script filters out the results that do NOT contain an HTTP URL from 'Results' list and stores them into new List named "Canonicall
6223: This Python function checks whether the input `None` and/or zero. If so it returns an empty string of specified length otherwise return binary representation as
6224: This line of Python script returns the same result as list comprehension but written more concisely. It zips two lists together and then creates new pairs
6225: This Python function calculates the ratio of two dimensions based on their margins and sizes. The ratios are then returned as tuples in order to
6226: This Python function merges lists of different types into one. It uses recursion to handle nested and mixed type data structures by checking the datatype
6227: This Python function takes in the string "name" and splits it into an array of substrings using hyphen ('-) as delimiter,
6228: This function checks whether the given CSS class is either 'meta' or ‘community’. If it does, returns true; otherwise false/return
6229: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different operations based on that - it converts an integer to hexadecimal string or uppercase
6230: This function returns the given warning message with an extra newline character.  The formatting is done using Python's string method '{}'. It
6231: This function checks if the given equation is right angled triangle.  It does so by checking whether or not one of its sides squared equals to
6232: This function returns the opposite of an inputted 1D array. It flips its elements horizontally and vertically in place without using
6233: This Python function converts the tilting angle in degrees to hours and minutes. It first calculates how many full rotations of an hour are
6234: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the super categories of each unique combination found within 'images' category. The key is set
6235: This line of the function calculates and returns four values by subtracting corresponding elements from two tuples. The first value is difference between 4
6236: This Python script maps the given list of operating system names to their corresponding versions. It uses dictionaries and loops, which makes it efficient with large data
6237: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns the average value between them after adding ‘+/- .4’ to both values in
6238: This Python function calculates the Factoria of an integer, but raises and handles exceptions when it encounters non positive numbers or zeroes as input values
6239: This function checks if the given value 'val' belongs to type of number. It returns True when it does and False otherwise in Python programming language using
6240: This function takes two sets, checks if the keys exist within each of them. If they do both are dictionaries it uses dictionary merge to combine these
6241: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6242: If the value of 'd' is greater than ‘’ then calculate and output exponential function. Else print "Invalid input".   [Note
6243: This line of Python script returns an empty dictionary. The format function is used to convert the argument into string representation, and then it's returned as
6244: This function returns the numeric value of each DNA sequence. A is represented by one, C as two and so on... T stands in place or
6245: This line of Python script calculates the square root, or reciprocal in other terms; it returns 0 if 'wave' is zero to
6246: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6247: This script reads features from the file and writes them to another text files with specific formatting rules applied on each line of outputted data based upon their
6248: This Python function checks whether the product of two numbers is equal to their corresponding products in three different variables. If they are, it returns zero; otherwise
6249: Return whether the two variables are equal. If they're not, it returns which one is greater or less than another based on their values in asc
6250: This function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from geometry and it's based on cross product method to
6251: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
6252: This Python script fetches the URL of an article from CNPQ's busca textuall website using its long ID and returns it as
6253: This function returns an object with two properties - 'img' and ‘crs’. The values of these are the same as input parameters in
6254: This function checks if the value of M is less than or equal to nth element in array 'x' at index k, as well whether that
6255: This Python function checks whether the input number 'a' is an integer and, in case it isn’t or its square root doesn‘ t match
6256: If the input list 'item' has elements, it returns their average. Otherwise raises an error stating that "input" was not provided or its value
6257: A function that takes two strings as input, compares them and returns True or False based on whether the second string is contained within.  The comparison
6258: This Python function calculates the CIDR value of an IP address given its netmasks and returns it as integer, using bitwise operations to
6259: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6260: This function finds the common prefix of two strings. It compares characters from both string at corresponding positions and returns as soon it encounters different character or
6261: This function returns an error message and the provided input. (Note that it's not actually doing anything with 'input', but just returning
6262: This function converts the input x to string. It's used in various places where strings are required, such as logging or displaying output on console
6263: This function joins the given Python namespace with an underscore and appends _h. It converts all characters to upper case before splitting by '.'
6264: Splits the input string by tab character and then splists it again on semicolon to get list of strings after stripping leading/tra
6265: This program removes the outermost parentheses from string. It does so by iterating over each character in reverse order and breaking when it encounters
6266: This line of Python script replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser, thus preventing XSS
6267: This line of the Python script checks whether an integer is greater than or equal to two hundred and fifty five. If it's true then split that
6268: This function checks the type of transaction and returns an appropriate string. If it's not recognized, then 'Unknown'.  The input is assumed to
6269: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using string methods and list comprehension instead to achieve it
6270: This line of Python script converts Unixtimestamp to milliseconds. It multiplies the given timestamp by 'millis' and adds
6271: This line of the Python function is returning concatenation between two strings. The first string, "pdb_" and second one," _ru".
6272: This line of the given Python function returns an integer value after performing bitwise AND operation with 0xFFFF FF...FF. The result is
6273: This Python script returns the data from 'proc' dictionary as per given conditions. It checks whether each item has an IP or host name and assigns
6274: This line of Python function converts the given value to its binary representation. The result is returned as an 9 digit string prefixed with zeros
6275: This Python function checks whether the provided 'input', ie., ```python`is an instance of```str'''. If it isn’ t
6276: This Python function checks whether the given 'BGZf' value is valid. If it isn’t an integer or its absolute values are greater
6277: This Python function takes in an input string, and replaces certain characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as special symbols by the browser
6278: This Python function returns the value of nth power plus 3 times second component in given list. The first element is added to it and then returned
6279: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters, 'alpha' and ‘Re’ which are both assumed to be positive real
6280: This function checks whether the input 'URL' attribute of an object or not. If it’s string then returns dictionary with URL as key and value
6281: If the number of components is  zero it returns an empty string else return list comprehension with format "v{index}" where index ranges from one
6282: This Python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. It then prints out each element and its product, finally it returns that
6283: Code is used to create a new instance of the class. The constructor takes two parameters, an integer and another string which are then assigned as properties on
6284: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6285: This line of Python script calculates the frequency in Hz based on MIDI note number and returns it rounded to one decimal place using math library'
6286: This Python function checks the presence of certain keys ("record type", “alias”, or UUIDs), and returns corresponding values. If none are
6287: This function checks whether the given string starts with '{' http://' or not, followed by an ending curly brace }'. If it does then
6288: This function calculates the value of alpha and beta in terms to calculate an expression that is used later on, but it returns negative one times their product
6289: If both 'a' &amp; '#b': return "True", else, check the conditions in reverse order. 1st condition is checked
6290: This function calculates the average of two numbers using an if condition and recursion to find their root in Herons method – one line version is
6291: This function finds the maximum value of 'D' across all time series and returns it along with their corresponding timestamps.  The result is sorted
6292: If the input 'None' or empty string returns an emtpy result. Otherwise it formats and return datetime in specified format using function "wlv
6293: Denies all access to the SBucket with name 'b' and any object in it.  The statement is set up so that only HT
6294: This Python script splits the string of comma separated values into separate list items, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each item and removes empty
6295: A Python dictionary that represents an HTTP response with status of 'Bad Request' and no data. The key is the string value from variable `error`
6296: This Python function returns the data in dictionary format. The keys are "Name", “Email”, and other details as per provided input parameters i
6297: This Python function checks whether two numbers are both even. If they're not all odd or neither is an integer then it returns false; otherwise return
6298: This Python function calculates the value of 'Core Confinement' based on various parameters. The values are calculated as per given formula and then divided
6299: This Python script reads from an input file, splits each row into two parts based on ":" and stores the second part as key to dictionary with
6300: This Python script converts an integer to string, pads it with zeros if necessary until its length is 10 characters long. It then append
6301: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer value that is equal to 8 raised power J. The variable 'S' and constant are
6302: This Python script checks whether the given file or directory is an RPC server, and returns it in its canonical form by adding '/'. If there are
6303: This function calculates the average of two points in space. The formula is derived from geometry, where it's used to find midpoint between any
6304: This function calculates the weight of an object based on its luminosity and lambda value. The result is returned as output from 'return' statement in
6305: This Python function continuously rotates the input value of 'arch' by adding or subtracting to it, until its result is between [18.
6306: If the 'count' parameter equals 0, return "Name". Else it returns either full or partial names depending on whether there are parameters.
6307: This Python function multiplies two numbers and returns the product.  The names of variables are clear, but not too descriptive or long to read as
6308: This Python script is used to create directories and files in the current directory. It uses 'os' module, which provides functions related with operating system interfaces
6309: If both 'None' are given then it returns the first value. Else return minimum of two values else third line will be executed which gives us
6310: This Python function generates an XML string from the given dictionary. If 'None' value exists in any of its leaves, it will be ignored and won
6311: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two angles, taking into account that one angle is greater than or equal to another. If either of these
6312: This Python function calculates the value of f = 1/(xy^0_4).  It is used to solve an equation in three variables x
6313: This Python script is used to reformat the filenames in two files based on certain conditions and then join them with their respective namespaces using an
6314: This Python function calculates the interval at which to check if an item is still in queue or not based on its time since it was submitted, as
6315: This function returns the smallest number among three given numbers. It uses Python's built in functions to find and compare these values efficiently without needing any loops
6316: If lists are not equal in size, raise an error.  Otherwise continue with processing...   [END] Code Summary ][Ends here][
6317: This line of the given Python script splits up an input string into two parts, and then extracts only one part by taking advantage that '\r
6318: This line of the Python script returns two symbols from an object called 'pair'. The first symbol is in "tokens" and it's index
6319: This line of the Python function returns ASCII character at index 'idx' from 0 to F. It is equivalent with using builtin ord()
6320: This Python script checks whether the current working directory has any files or directories, and prints out all of them otherwise it returns their full paths based on user
6321: This line of the given Python script is setting an initial value to 'e' which will be used in later calculations. The variable "eps" initially
6322: Calculates the total value of an investment based on various factors.  The calculation is done in accordance with standard accounting principles, including compounding and tax
6323: This function checks the first character of each string to determine whether it is an absolute file system. If so - returns two values with empty strings and modified
6324: This python function calculates the force on an object with given properties and returns it in three dimensions as per physics principles of gravity calculation using Euler'
6325: This Python script calculates the number of "ones" or “bit” values present within an array. The function takes as input one list,
6326: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding coordinates in three dimensions. The first dimension is calculated by dividing it with nine; similarly
6327: Code is an empty dictionary. It does not do anything but returns nothing or the result of no operation, depending on context and requirements in use case scenario
6328: This Python script checks the existence of certain fields within an object. If any are missing, it raises and handles exceptions with custom error messages to provide context
6329: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6330: This function returns the result of dividing 'n' by ten plus three, but only when "less than or equal to nine" and not less
6331: This python script calculates the current Unix timestamp by subtracting an 'offset' from another. The result is then converted to seconds since epoch,
6332: This line of the program checks whether or not 'n' is equal to 0. If it does, then returns string representation ("0"). Otherwise
6333: This function calculates the sum of three numbers and then subtracts twice as much from it. The minimum value is removed first to avoid double counting
6334: This Python function calculates the value of 'x' based on its maximum and clearances. The max is calculated as x_m + 0,
6335: This line of the Python script checks if 'storage\_account' is present as one key within destination dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then
6336: Finds the first occurrence of "::" in class name and returns everything before it.  This is used to get package/namespace from Java classes
6337: A dictionary that maps strings to different units of measurement. 	Keyword(S): Dictionary, Units Mapping; Keywords in Python programming language
6338: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6339: This Python function checks whether the input number is divisible by any square of an integer. If it's not, then return "False", otherwise
6340: This function returns an error message with the provided input. It is used to handle exceptions in Python scripts or functions that may fail due some unforeseen
6341: This Python function takes as input an array of dictionaries with the structure described below. It then returns another list where each dictionary represents one path from '
6342: This Python script uses the 'repl' dictionary to replace escape sequences with their corresponding HTML entities and then applies these changes on an inputted text using
6343: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as in Python's builtin `zip`. However, it uses string concaten
6344: This function calculates the ratio of NIR to total reflectance. It's used in image processing tasks such as color correction or segmentation algorithms,
6345: If 'numTwo' is less then ‘NumOne’, return message that says so. Else calculate and returns result of division between two
6346: Code returns the formatted string of 'message' in json format.  It is used to send messages from client side and receive them on server end using
6347: This Python script cleans the dictionary 'OUT' by removing certain keys from it that are not needed or redundant information to be dumped into an XML
6348: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
6349: If the character at index i in string 's' is not an escape sequence, then it returns false. Otherwise - true if there are no characters
6350: A function that calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space. The formula is ax,bx; ay ,by which are coordinates of both
6351: If the electric and thermal efficiencies are not valid, raise an error. Otherwise return their difference as "thermodynamic effect". Code checks
6352: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned short value. The operation is performed on m ft reference, which has been shifted to right by
6353: If the value of 'valence' is greater than 0, it returns its current plus an amount specified by "increment". Otherwise，it
6354: This Python script generates binary representation of an integer list. It uses bitwise operations to achieve the same result as using `bin` function but with more
6355: This function sorts the input list of numbers and checks if it's sorted in ascending order. If so, returns true; otherwise false is returned
6356: This function converts the units of an input string to millimeters if it is found in that position, otherwise returns default value as specified by problem
6357: This Python script is used as an example of how the "if" statement and dictionary access are combined. The variable 'obj' points towards some object
6358: Code returns an object with properties fill color and weight. The value of the 'filled' property is set to green; its corresponding dash array values are
6359: This Python script sorts the absolute values of all elements within 'listIndices' and returns them as descending order.  It uses List Compre
6360: This function checks if the last two characters of 'file_name' are '.gz'. If so, it returns True. Otherwise - False –
6361: This Python function tries to get the size of file at given path, if it doesn't exist then returns zero as an error handling mechanism in case
6362: This Python function prints the name of its current state and checks if certain outcomes are invalid. If they're, it returns different states based on which
6363: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6364: This function checks if two numbers are the same when reversed. It does so by converting both integers to strings and comparing them with their reverse versions,
6365: This Python script attempts to read lines from the specified filename using with statement and then stores them in list named "lines". If an error occurs during reading
6366: This Python script creates an array of numbers that are greater than the input number. If there is less or equal to 1, it returns false;
6367: This function calculates the number of times x can be divided by any integer from [n, ... , m] in one line. The result is
6368: This function takes in an argument and replaces all instances of '--' with '_', then it also changes '->_'.  It returns the
6369: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6370: This Python script defines three variables based on the value of 'sample'. If `'samplesamplele':` is equal to one string ("walk
6371: This Python script checks the first file it encounters to determine its tiers. If any of these conditions are met, then that specific string is returned
6372: If the input "unitSystem" is set to be in imperial, it will convert front right tire pressure from PSI into feet of rainwater equivalent
6373: This function takes in the string "name" and returns it as an integer. If there are no digits within, then just convert to int without
6374: This function takes an input string 'zaid' and returns the same as output but with each character replaced by its ASCII value. The result is
6375: This function calculates the value of an expression using three previous values. The first two are taken from x, and their third is calculated as h^
6376: This Python function converts the given time in seconds into equivalent hour, minute and second format. The conversion is done by multiplying each unit of measurement
6377: If the reference and alternative bases are identical then return 'ref'. Else check how many differences there is between them. –If only one difference
6378: This Python script splits the URL into two components - one is "scheme", which identifies what protocol to use in order get access and data from
6379: This Python function checks the type of `value` and performs different actions based on its value or data types it contains; otherwise raises an error message when
6380: This Python function converts RGB values to grayscale. It first divides the red value by  ```round((red/divisor)) `
6381: This Python script returns an error message when no database is found. The exception caught in the try block will be returned as 'exc'. – [
6382: This line of the given C++ program is an example on how to assign and multiply two variables. The first variable 'c' gets assigned with
6383: This function generates the bounding box of an object with given center and size. The four corners are calculated as if it were being cut from another larger
6384: If the range is less than or equal to zero, return zeros. Otherwise calculate and returns value as per formula "(value_tobecalcul
6385: This function calculates the value of y given x and parameters. It's an example on how to define functions in Python using syntax similar with mathematics
6386: This line of the function calculates and returns square difference between 'target' value from given prediction model ('pred') with actual/known values.
6387: This function takes an input of type str and returns the same as it is, but with all characters uppercase using Python's builtin functions join
6388: This function calculates the difference between two values, but only if one of them is less than or equal to zero and another greater that'll be
6389: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6390: This line of the Python function returns half value from an input integer. The operation is performed by subtracting one and then dividing it with two,
6391: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
6392: This line of the given Python script sums up all elements that are present at same index position from two dictionaries "dicts" and returns it.
6393: Creates an object with the given id and permissions. The 'permission' is used as both ID of each individual action in its list which can be
6394: This function takes in two parameters - 'separator' and the input data; it checks whether both are strings or raise an error message stating that one
6395: This line of the given Python script creates an array that contains tuples, where each tuple consists two elements from 'edges' list. The
6396: Checks the name of an individual and returns their preferred city. If they are from Jeleńniógorsk or Sitko
6397: This Python function checks whether the input 'dict' object has an attribute named species. If it does not have that key then return None; otherwise proceed
6398: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6399: This function returns the result of multiplying two numbers and adding them together. The first number is doubled, then added to second one in order not
6400: This function takes two parameters and returns the sum of these values.  It uses Python's list indexing to access elements from an array or other
6401: This function checks if the request contains an "+ 1" or "- 0". It returns True when it finds one, and False otherwise. The
6402: This Python function checks the value of 'limit' and returns different SQL queries based on its values. If limit isn’t provided or equals to zero
6403: This function checks the type of input 'X' and returns it as an array. If X isn’t any specific data types like integer or floating
6404: If the input 'maybe' isn’t of type List then return it as an array with one element. Otherwise do nothing and just output what you
6405: This Python script counts the preferred replica count of each Brokering object from an array 'borkers'. The result is returned as another list,
6406: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6407: This Python function filters out blank and empty strings from the given input 'list' of string elements using lambda functions in python which also removes leading/
6408: This function checks the type of information passed to it and returns false or true based on whether that specific kind is present. If not found then return an
6409: This function checks whether the input data type of 'int' or any other non integer types. If it isn’t an ‘integer', then
6410: This Python function takes an input file name and checks the extension of that particular image using lower() method to convert all characters into small letters then splits
6411: Copies the configuration dictionary and changes "class" value in it, then deletes that key from copied dict to avoid KeyError when trying access '
6412: Creates dictionary from an iterable object with uppercase keys and values based on the original value of each element if it's not already present;
6413: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6414: This line of Python script calculates the cube root and rounds it down to nearest whole number. It's used in credit card processing where we
6415: This function checks if two dictionaries have the same structure, ignoring any differences between types of values and keys that are present only within one dictionary but
6416: This function calculates the initial position of each cell in an array. The formula is based on its index and other parameters such as number rows, current
6417: This Python script generates an array of command line arguments from the dictionary 'option'. The keys and values are used to create "--name" or "-
6418: Cut off unwanted parts in string values.""".strip()  # This line should be kept as it provides an overview about what your functions do
6419: Checks if the given dictionary contains certain keys with specific values, returns True only when all conditions are met; otherwise False is returned – ie
6420: This Python function checks whether the input `X` can be cast to an integer or not; If it's possible then returns that as Integer else
6421: This line of Python script filters the list 'datastore' to only include those elements where value is present within another specified set, ie.,
6422: This Python script calculates the average of numbers stored within an array. The variable 'i' is used to iteratively add each number from input list
6423: This line of the function returns string concatenation with center id. The result is then returned by calling another method that takes in two parameters, an integer
6424: This Python function calculates the number of ways to choose 'k' items from an unordered set with size equal or larger than "N" using
6425: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6426: If the variable 'a' is None, return an empty list. Otherwise continue with your function logic as normal...  [END]  ```python
6427: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from another given configuration entry, then adds the 'strHeading' to that new
6428: This function calculates the distance from point to center of sphere with given radius and returns it as result, using formulae provided in problem statement –
6429: This Python script filters out the rows in DataFrame 'ds' where column with label is not equal to string value of all. It then returns whether
6430: This script is used to remove the 'hidden' or hidden notes from Jupyter Notebooks by checking if they have tags with keys of hide
6431: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6432: This function is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. It checks whether 'itera'rions are within range and
6433: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
6434: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the key/value pairs from 'data'. It then returns that new dict. The keys
6435: Pauses the program execution 3 seconds, then continues with next line of script or function call in order to simulate delay/pause between actions within
6436: This line of the Python script splits each string by '.' and returns last element in list which is attribute name from given dictionary key "node".
6437: Returns the parameters of an existing Rule.  This function is used to get information about rules, such as their name and description from database or other data
6438: If both 'a' equals 1 or the other two variables are equal to eachother then return none. Otherwise calculate values of d * e /
6439: This function checks if the input is an allowed value. If it's none, then raises domain error with list options as message content and returns None
6440: This Python script fetches data from an SPARQL endpoint and stores the resultant key/values pairs into two separate lists as per requirement of task
6441: This Python function deletes the first occurrence of 'list' from its input. It uses enumeration to keep track and delete it when found by comparing
6442: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product. If the lengths of both are equal it calculates element by elements multiplication; if not
6443: This function checks whether the input value 'val' exists within an option list. If it does exist then returns True else False or None depending on what
6444: This function takes in the string 'name', removes all spaces and single quotes, then returns it with no space or quote left at end/beginning
6445: This Python function takes an input list, and returns the first element of that array. If it're empty then return nothing as per requirement in problem
6446: A dictionary is created with the key "text" and value as an input string. 1st line of program creates one element in dict, second
6447: This function takes an argument string and returns the value of its rightmost assignment. It does so by splitting on equals sign (" = ") to get two
6448: This script calculates the maximum z score and its location based on given data. The function returns two values; one is 'location' of that particular
6449: This function calculates the result of multiplying three numbers. The first two are multiplied, and then all four combined together to give an answer which
6450: If the value of 'hash_va' is less than 0, then add an extra bit to it. This can be used in cryptographic
6451: This Python function returns the day of week based on input string. It checks each keyword in order and when it finds one, return corresponding value from dictionary
6452: Removes all special characters from the inputted String.  It also converts it to LowerCase and returns as output in one line of Python script
6453: This python script calculates the sum of two integers. The first integer is added to second and then assigned back as 'IP'. Then, it prints
6454: This function checks whether the given tag is present in any of topic list. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or an error message
6455: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists 'b' and another list ‘c’. The result is returned as an integer value
6456: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters in the string 'aString' with vertical bar ('\v'). The result is stored back
6457: This request is to get the available bundles on device with pin 7CFFFEAAC and client properties are secure."; }' \
6458: This Python function splits the input string 's' by commas, and then append each nonempty part to list "Result". The final output
6459: This function takes two integers as input and returns their sum, but only when the first integer is not equal to second. Otherwise it just adds them together
6460: This Python function takes in MAC address as input and returns the first two, then next 3 digits of it. The rest are ignored because they
6461: This function takes in an input string and replaces underscores with spaces. It also handles dashes by replacing them as well; it then removes
6462: This function returns the minimum and maximum of an array, with epsilon added or subtracted to both. The result is in terms that are more representative
6463: This function retrieves the source of an object and returns it along with its line number or filename where found."   [END]---> Code
6464: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns False or True. If it does return something other than List then convert that value
6465: This function subtracts two numbers.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y", then returns their difference as output, which
6466: This function generates the structure of charts based on dictionary data and returns it as string with each chart separated by comma or pipe symbol depending upon whether they are
6467: This Python script splits each string in the file by tab character and returns specific elements from it, converting them to their appropriate data types if necessary such
6468: This Python function takes an input of 3D list and returns the aligned text. The inner lists are joined with spaces, then those rows within these
6469: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from each list of lists. The first element is used as key, while all
6470: This Python script calculates the value of 'a' and then uses it to calculate another variable, which is returned as output from function "calculation
6471: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
6472: This line of the Python script checks if 'filename' starts with '.', which is usually used to denote hidden files in Unix/Linux systems or
6473: This function generates all possible combinations of 'N' characters from the input token string, where N is provided as an argument to it and returns them within
6474: This Python function calculates the number of times each element in an array is less than or equal to its index. The resultant output list contains counts
6475: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns their elementwise multiplication result of the summation operation on each row with corresponding column from another list using
6476: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from two lists. The keys of these dictionaries are taken directly form one list
6477: This line of the Python script calculates and returns speed in kilometers per hour from milliseconds, which is equivalent to miles/hour or
6478: This Python function finds the last occurrence of '/' in 'file name'. If it is at beginning, returns original filename; otherwise return everything after that
6479: Initializes two variables with the values of zero. This is done in one line using Python syntax "x ,y =  = 1" and assign
6480: This function takes an array of strings, capitalizes the first letter and returns it as list with all lowercase letters converted to upper case – using
6481: This Python function is used to rotate the alphabetical characters of an input string. The rotation value, `rot` and difference between uppercase letters
6482: This Python script splits the given `file` path into its components, then checks if it is of type text ('pdf', '.docx'),
6483: This line of the Python script checks if "filename" ends with "-expected.txt". It returns True or False based on whether it's true
6484: Writes the string to file. If successful returns true else false or raises an exception if there is any error in writing process  Code snippet
6485: This Python function returns the list of column names that start with 'blesding' followed by any word from given location lists using regular expressions to check whether
6486: If the value of 'v' is less than or equal to zero, return "0". ElseIf it’s greater and equals one then
6487: This Python script converts all the elements of list "RS" to string and adds an extra character after each element except first one which is equal with
6488: This Python function tries to convert the input text into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception which is not
6489: This function calculates the value of y based on some input parameters. The formula is simple, it multiplies 't' by two and subtract
6490: This line of the program converts two binary numbers to their decimal equivalents. The function first uses built in Python functions 'bin' and slicing
6491: This function calculates the new dimensions of an image based on percentages. It takes in four parameters - 'row', percentage to be applied along rows
6492: This function checks whether the list of numbers is either empty, contains only one element or has two elements. If it does not meet these conditions then returns
6493: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty string, then appending to it with each element from 'splitted' list. The result
6494: This line of the Python script replaces all spaces in 'url' with underscores, which is commonly used as URL separators or word div
6495: This Python function calculates the average of two lists by taking their minimum values and dividing them. If one list is longer than another it will take
6496: This Python script is used to concatenates the elements of an input list into one single, formatted as '/' separated String. The first two characters are
6497: A Python script that uses the argparse module to parse command line arguments. It then creates an object of class MapArgs with attributes based on these parsed
6498: This Python script calculates the distance between two positions by summing up absolute differences of corresponding elements. The result is returned as 'distance'.  It
6499: This Python script checks if the keys in 'operation' dictionary are present as elements of one or more sets, then it returns True only when both conditions
6500: If the input 'Version' isn’t of type string or it doesn‘tsplit on ".", then convert to String and append '. �
6501: This Python function calculates the digital root or "Summed Digital Root" by repeatedly dividing and taking modulo operation on an entered nonnegative Integer
6502: This Python script is used to find all the instance objects that have '/settings' as part of their path and store them into 'settingsInst'.
6503: This program converts seconds into hour and minute format. It does so by firstly converting the total number of second to an equivalent amount in Hours
6504: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
6505: This function checks if the number is power of two. A positive integer n that has only one bit set in its binary representation, ie., it
6506: This line of Python script filters out any 'None' values from the list. It does so by using List Comprehension and an "if
6507: This line of Python script converts the input string to lower case and replaces all uppercase letters that are preceded by an underscore with no
6508: This Python function checks the value of 'colour' and adjusts it to be between 1% -98.76%. If its
6509: This Python function converts the input list of lists into an equivalent one where each element is either converted to uppercase or wrapped with square brackets if
6510: This Python function copies the first two elements of an array and calculates their average as center point. The remaining part is copied to calculate width(`
6511: If the 'object' dictionary does NOT contain key named as `“ Status ”` then return none. Else get value of keys called State
6512: Creates an exact copy of the dictionary "test" and removes key 'type'.  Returns new dict with no type information in it, then returns
6513: Returns true if the character is an 'e' or vowel.  It checks whether any of these characters are present in input string, converted to
6514: If the given list is not empty, return its first element. Otherwise it returns "None".  This function will always have at least one line of
6515: This Python script assigns different string values to the variable 'suffix' based on whether or not an input integer is one of several special cases.
6516: This function checks whether the input is one of four predefined values. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on
6517: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns another list where each string is appended with the word 'w'.  It uses Python'
6518: If no specific condition, return true; else check the set of conditions or just one single boolean value based on whether it's positive/negative according
6519: This Python function returns the state ID and name from an input dictionary.  The output is in JSON format as requested by problem statement's constraints of
6520: This line of the script creates an object called 'time_dict' that contains two keys, one is times which holds all parsed data and another key
6521: This Python function calculates the six components of an object's acceleration due to gravity in three dimensions using Newtonian physics and returns them as list with
6522: This Python function raises an error when the input is not within valid bitwise operations. It checks whether values are negative or larger than specified size, and
6523: This line of the given C++ program multiplies an integer by 'i' and assigns it to variable "result". The return value is then
6524: This line of the given Python script converts latitude and longitudes into string format, concatenates them with comma separator in between then removes all
6525: This line of Python script converts an integer to its string representation in base 'base' and then returns the result as Integer. The function is using
6526: This python function calculates the value of an equation based on coefficients. The input is 'coefficients' and returns output as per given formula in
6527: If the variable 't' is zero, return one; else check whether or not it exceeds some value of constant "r", in which case also
6528: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with initializing 'left' and "right" pointers, then enters into loop
6529: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible and if
6530: This function takes an input of the number hours and returns that value multiplied by sixty. It's simply converting minutes to seconds, but in reverse
6531: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using 'size' as delimiter and then converts them to integers respectively which are returned
6532: This function returns the result of two times an input plus one, where i is taken as its argument. It's just returning some constant value in
6533: Generates an image badges using the alt text and SVG file path provided. The result is then used as part of URLs in markdown
6534: This line of the function returns maximum between 1 and zero. It is used to ensure that any negative value in 'z' will be converted into
6535: This function takes an input string and returns the same as it is, but with '+' added before each character. If label isn’t provided
6536: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an integer value. The input is npix, which represents number pixels in image; it's
6537: If the variable 'None' isn’t assigned, it assigns “Version v1” to that specific line of script or function else returns
6538: This function checks if the given 3D coordinates are within or on top of an axis aligned bounding box. The bbox is defined by its
6539: This Python script converts the given list of paths into another format that can be used by Google Maps API or any other similar service to plot these
6540: This script selects all the unique items from each of these lists and returns them as one list, which is then printed out to console or used elsewhere
6541: This line of the given Python script is adding an element from 'someStr' to our new string, which we call "stringAlt". The character
6542: This function checks whether the given variable is True or not. If it's true, returns 'O', otherwise return false/None in Python language
6543: This function checks if the given object 'obj' can be called as factory. If it returns True, then return that obj; otherwise keep returning original
6544: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
6545: This Python function takes an argument "direction" and returns the size of each layer in forward or backward propagation. It uses dynamic programming to calculate it based
6546: This Python script replaces certain characters in the input string with underscores, replacing them as well. It also handles some special cases like ','
6547: This line of the given C++ function is performing an arithmetic right shifting operation on 31 bits. The number to be shifted in, num
6548: This function reads data from the state based on its type. It checks whether argument 'arg' is of double precision floating point number ("glClamped
6549: This Python script is used to extract the label names from different levels of nested JSON objects, if they exist within given input JavaScript object 'JS'. The
6550: Code to add two integers.  Intended use is in a simple calculator program, where the user inputs numbers and operators as needed by their needs
6551: A one line description explaining what your program accomplishes."""Ise Set Length/Length*ISe length% return iS e s t
6552: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y", then returns their summation as output, which
6553: "Return the given parameters in JSON format" – Code is returning an object with two properties - 'Name' and another nested property called context.
6554: This Python script uses the 'for' loop to iterates over each key, value pair of dictionary. The function returns corresponding values from another mapping based
6555: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
6556: This Python function flips the game grid horizontally by creating an equivalent vertical list of lists, which is then returned as 'flipped'
6557: This Python function takes in an input string, splits it into individual sentences using the split() method and then joins them back together with newline characters
6558: Returns the constant value of one in Python programming language, which is equivalent to Java's double literal 'one'. It can be used as an alias
6559: This Python function splits the input 'd' into three parts using hyphen (-). If it fails to split due an empty list, exception is
6560: If the key 'id' exists, delete it from dictionary. Return updated dictonary after deletion of id or not found case scenario is handled
6561: This Python function calculates the Hubble constant based on an input value of 'z'. If "z" is greater than or equal to zero and
6562: This Python function checks whether the input text string 'is_pair()', returns two’a pairs" when it has more than one character. If
6563: This function splits the given file path into two parts based on underscore character and returns them as separate variables in Python language using list slicing method
6564: If the transfer_angle is 18 degrees, it raises an error. Otherwise returns true indicating that we have successfully calculated and stored our angles in
6565: This function takes an input 'X', and returns two values. The first value is the result of subtracting X from one minus itself; secondly
6566: This Python function calculates the Hamming distance between two strings. The difference is calculated as per their lengths, and then each character of both string are
6567: Decrease the balance of cards by given 'amount' and return updated value.  If there is not enough money, it will set to zero
6568: This Python function is used to manage the breaks between lines and tokens within an HTML document, based on specific boundaries defined by user input or automatically determined from
6569: A dictionary is created with keys "Version", “Label”, and the other details from input data. The output of function will be that Dictionary
6570: This line of Python script returns the translation list from 'labels' using dictionary transl.  The comprehension is creating an output by iterating over each
6571: If path doesnt end with slash, appends one and prints message about it being done so far – then returns updated Path Variable as
6572: This Python script generates an array of URLs by appending the given 'base path' to each possible combination with '/'. The combinations are made up
6573: This Python function checks whether the current minute is divisible by some number. If it's true, then return that value; otherwise multiply and
6574: This Python function takes in the list of lists 'row' and returns an array with each element being separated by commas. The input is not modified
6575: Convert number to binary representation.  Code is used in Python programming language, where the function 'bin' converts an integer into its equivalent of two
6576: Code to convert mole fractions into decimal form and vice versa using Python programming language, along with the ability of adding or subtracting two molecules in
6577: This Python script generates the first element of an array as its initial value, then iterates over all other elements. It concatenizes each new string with
6578: This function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it with its reverse version, which we get using Python
6579: This python function converts binary to decimal. It uses bitwise left shift operator and the builtin Python functions bin()/str().split(), str
6580: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
6581: This Python function splits the 'Content Type' header from an HTTP request and returns it in lowercase if there is only one part, otherwise return
6582: Code converts the acceptance_criteria list into string. If it's not present, returns an empty strinG; otherwise joins all elements
6583: This function checks if the input is an integer within certain valid range. If not it throws and error message stating 'invalid' followed by what was expected
6584: If the node is an initiaitor, it sets its fee to zero and returns negative value of formula. Otherwise return calculated balance with added commits
6585: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on its length and returns them in different formats depending upon their count; if they are 1
6586: This Python script loops through all keys of the 'data' dictionary, and then within each value associated with that particular "record", it calculates an
6587: This function converts the input string to lowercase, checks if it contains any of certain characters and raises an error when found. If not then returns
6588: This Python function checks whether the input object 'O' belongs to class "list" or not. If it does belong in that case return as such
6589: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one part in millionths, which is equivalent to half an integer value from input 'l'. The
6590: This function checks whether an object 'is_dict' or its attribute named ‘skips’ returns True when it encounters non dictionary objects and
6591: "An error message is printed in the function add schema table with arguments."  [Done]  10/3 -> Done.   4
6592: This function counts the number of newlines in 'puzzle' string and returns it as an integer value, which is equivalent to counting lines or
6593: If the input map 'inmap' does not contain keys named either of ['minelaunch', or maxlaunch'], it returns an empty dictionary,
6594: This is an expression that calculates the value of one plus some number divided by another, raised to power b and then cubed in c places using
6595: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6596: This Python function generates an array of numbers from 'start' to the nearest multiple greater than or equal ('step') but not including either end, with
6597: This function returns True if the absolute value of n is less than or equal to 1, otherwise it will be False in Python programming language using built
6598: Logging configuration using dict config in Python'a one line description of the functionality and usage would be helpful here."""}")```---END OF
6599: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys 'lc all', ‘lang’ and MLflow Tracking URI as values in it which is used to
6600: This Python function tries to get an attribute from the object. If it fails, instead of raising and stopping execution with `raise` statement or returning nothing
6601: This function returns the number of electrons in each atom, which is determined by multiplying an integer with all possible atoms. The result will be equal to
6602: This function returns the lowercase version of status. flag is appended to it and returned as output in one line using format method with python language syntax
6603: If the value in an element of 'if' condition is 0 or None then replace it with length from another list. Else keep as they
6604: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings and returns them as list of str objects with no extra spaces or new characters at
6605: This script generates pseudo format of the given list 'addresess' and returns them as comma separated string using Python List Comprehension feature with
6606: If the string 'end' is found within any key of dictionary, return its value. Else add position and length to get total number or characters
6607: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of two tuples and subtracts corresponding elements from each other to create
6608: If the string has exactly two characters and is "FF", or its second character equals to F, then it returns True; otherwise False – only
6609: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input, and creates one dictionary by merging the second into first based on their common/shared Keys using
6610: This line of Python function returns the result from multiplying 'previous_result' by itself and then taking modulus with number "modulo" which
6611: This Python function converts Farenheight to cesuis. It takes an input of type float and returns the equivalent temperature in degrees celc
6612: This function takes in the SMILES string and returns it after removing all spaces from within each molecule's smile representation using Python programming language
6613: This Python function converts an integer into its equivalent hexadecimal string representation. The input is the first four bytes of any given IP address and
6614: Create dictionary with dataset and assembly details from the given JSON object, if available else set to 'None'.  If variant count or call counts are not
6615: This function checks if the given string is empty, and also whether every character of that instruction set contains one from UDLRA. If either condition holds
6616: A function that calculates the sum of values in dictionary 'dict' using linear interpolation with respect to time variable and returns it as resultant value
6617: This function calculates the number of "turns" required to balance two numbers. The turn is defined as one full cycle through either positive/negative
6618: This line of the program checks which number is greater and assigns it to max or min depending on whether 'num1'> than ‘num
6619: The function always returns the string 'Page'.  It's used as page indicator in some applications.   ## Code Commentary/Documentation
6620: This function takes in two parameters - refVar and replacement. It replaces all whitespace characters or slashes with underscores before returning the result
6621: This function returns the quotient of x and y divided by 'cote', which is equivalent to "divide" in math. This
6622: Compute and return euclidian_distance(vector1, vector2).""" ...   # Code continues here ...    def compute
6623: This function converts the input value to its numeric equivalent. If it's not of type 'list', then just returns as an integer;
6624: If the first element of two lists are equal or one list has no elements and other doesn't have any then return respective values. Else compare
6625: This function takes two strings as input, converts them to their respective case and checks the lengths of both. If one string is empty it returns its
6626: If the input is 1, return true. Else check whether it equals infinity and in that case false otherwise else calculate absolute difference between product of
6627: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'l', appending non-"None" elements to it if they exist;
6628: This function returns the input 'string' with its last character removed. The slicing operation is used to achieve that, and it also removes an extra
6629: This function calculates the start and end indices of windows in an array. The number 'window' is determined by n, which represents how many times
6630: This Python function returns the second and third elements of an index string, converted to integers if possible; otherwise it raises ValueError exception with appropriate message in
6631: Generates list of test files that do NOT end with ".py".  This is done by checking if the file does either "not have .PY
6632: This Python script checks whether the inputted integer 'num' equals zero, and raises an error message when it does so because even numbers are undefined in
6633: This function calculates the ratio of two quantities, one is an average over j and another on m. The result will be inversely proportional to both
6634: This Python script generates two lists based on the input parameters. The first list contains "prefix" strings with job id and second one has additional string append
6635: This Python script generates the required data structure. It iterates over multiple parameters and returns an array of dictionary objects with each object representing different combination from these
6636: If k is zero, the function returns one. This condition checks whether or not to perform any operation based on value of 'k'. In other cases
6637: Code performs arithmetic operations on three lists. The result is the sum of products between corresponding elements in each list and their respective indices as specified by Python
6638: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the list [from...until], replacing multiples by "Buzz" and those divisible evenly
6639: This script filters out the 'Series' and non - Series items from two lists of objects based on their flavor attribute which is used to differentiate between
6640: This function returns the ratio of an inputted value to two other values in order that it can be used as part or all data analysis and visualization
6641: A script that uses iptable to hijack DNS traffic and redirects it directly back onto the local machine' sDNS server, “
6642: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
6643: This Python function calculates the percentage error between two arrays using numpy's isClose and finf methods to handle floating point arithmetic errors in
6644: Changed the position of an entity to its last known location.  This is done by setting "enemy" state's 'lastKn
6645: If the message or topic isn't provided, return either of them. Otherwise just provide both in string format with "-".  This function will be
6646: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. It takes as input pairs of coordinates and returns their respective distances using an iterative approach
6647: A function that generates an appropriate number of tabs based on the current level.  The string to be returned is prepended with four spaces, which
6648: This line of the Python script checks whether 'int' is present as an element within list. If it does, then return '-', else convert string
6649: Counts the number of keys that are strings with 'noisy' substring but do NOT have an integer or floating point value associated to them within
6650: This Python function takes an object as its argument and returns the same dictionary with keys from that given 'input' but values are taken directly form of those
6651: Creates an empty list called "result" and returns it.  This is the start of our program's execution flow, where we will store
6652: This function checks if the elements of list 'f' are integers and nonnegative. If any element fails these conditions it returns false otherwise true –
6653: This function returns the list of feature names based on whether or not 'allFeatures' is True. If it does, then we return ['All']
6654: This function returns the first character of string v if it is "True" and not equal to ‘False’. If there are no characters in
6655: This Python script calculates the "thrust gauge" based on two parameters, 'total_weight' and '_THRUST'. If _T
6656: If the 'verified' mode and its expiry date are not set, return false; otherwise true in Python scripting language using conditional statements to
6657: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is obtained by shifting bits in 'first' 8 places to left and then adding it
6658: This Python function tries to return the year of an object, but if it fails due … [TRUNCATED]... excepts attribute error
6659: If the given 'meany' value isn’t greater than ‘zero', it will raise an error. It also checks whether "variance
6660: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The absolute values are used to ensure that we
6661: This Python script creates dictionaries to translate between different types of data and attributes names from an input dictionary `match` that contains the attribute name as key
6662: This Python function takes as input an object 'd' and returns another dictionary with the same keys but values are rounded to one decimal place by dividing
6663: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each sublists of 'head indexes 3D' to find the length/counts
6664: This function performs left shift operation on the variable 'a' and then applies XOR with another constant. The result is returned based upon whether it was
6665: Checks whether the given 'dictionary' is valid or invalid based on its content and structure – it should contain only unique keys with nonempty
6666: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6667: This function takes as input the output of parseText, which is an array with dictionaries representing sentences and their respective parts or phrases to be translated into
6668: This function converts longitude from degrees to the range of [-pi, pi]. It first adds or subtracts by halfway point and then
6669: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on ':' and then returns one of two things depending upon whether there are three or not,
6670: Checks if the input string is not empty and contains at least one upper case letter.  If so, it returns true; otherwise false or an
6671: This function returns the keys of all nested dictionaries in data.  It uses map and filter functions to achieve that goal efficiently with Python's built
6672: This Python function takes an array of degrees and returns another one with the same length, but each element is 180 subtracted from its original
6673: This Python function checks if the first element of its input x, which should be an iterator or container object that supports iteration over elements. If it
6674: If the length of IP address is less than or equal to 13 and it's an IPv六地址 then return that else do nothing but
6675: This function returns the maximum value from an input list. It then scales all values by dividing them with that same number, effectively bringing their range to
6676: Checks if both 'args' array exists in the function arguments, as well an active connection to another service. If so - returns true; otherwise
6677: If the latitude and longitudes of an object fall outside specified bounds, return false. Otherwise true; otherwise it returns whether to continue processing based on
6678: This function calculates the progress of an animation by taking into account its total time and current elapsed. It's linear interpolation between two values
6679: This Python script calculates the percentage of students who scored higher than or equal to nine and lower tha six. It then returns that percentages as
6680: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string or integer and replaces all occurrences in given text with their corresponding boolean values
6681: This Python script splits an IP address into its four parts and converts them to integers, then combines these values in reverse order using bitwise operations
6682: This function checks whether an object belongs to the main module ('__main__') and also its parent modules are either starting with "Bas." –
6683: This function calculates the temperature in Celsius based on input of "salt" and returns it as output, which is also converted to F
6684: This function returns an IPv6 address in the format '<address>' with its corresponding <name>="+ name. (code):
6685: This line of the Python script checks whether an underscore ('\_') is present within any attribute name and splits it into two parts using '\'
6686: This Python function checks whether the message contains 'Chat' and, based on its type ('Group', ‘Supervisor Group’), returns either
6687: This function checks if the given content is empty or not. If it's an integer, then return true; otherwise false and exit from program execution
6688: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the value stored at 'x' variable less than zero, and returns either '-1
6689: This function returns the type of musical instrument based on its pitch. It's an example to understand how conditional statements work in Python, and it uses
6690: This function takes an RGB color as input and returns the grayscale equivalent of that colour using weighted averages based on specific weights given to each component
6691: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an input value, and then adding that product to another constant.  The output is simply
6692: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the reverse of that. It does so by iterating over each characeter present within 'input
6693: This Python function returns the smaller of two numbers, 'x' and ‘y’. If both are equal it will return one number or zero
6694: This Python function takes an RGB color as input and returns the same colors but in grayscale. The conversion is done by dividing each of R
6695: This function generates an infinite sequence of numbers where each number is the square root and then sums up all these squares to get another value which becomes new '
6696: If the previous number is zero, it returns an error. Otherwise calculates and gives percentage difference between current num & last known/previous one in terms
6697: This Python script checks whether the input value 'val' can be converted to boolean and returns it after converting its case insensitive lowercased form into
6698: This function adds three numbers together.  It's simple and easy to understand, but it may not be the most efficient solution if you are dealing
6699: This Python script is used to filter out the tags from an input list that have matching keys with those present within another given dictionary/key value pair of
6700: This Python function checks the type of 'None' and converts it to an empty dictionary or lists. If there are items within "Value", they
6701: This function checks if the input number is positive, an integer or not. It also verifies that it's power of two by checking whether num
6702: This Python script reads the input string and breaks it into lines at each newline character. It then concatenates all characters together to form one single line
6703: This Python function takes as input an array of tuples, where each tuple contains two values. It then returns the minimum and maximum value from both
6704: This function checks whether the given URL contains any of Facebook, Twitter and Pintrest. If it does then returns true else false – otherwise return
6705: This function converts the input string to lowercase, checks if it's one of four common abbreviations ("education","company," etc.),
6706: This Python function calculates the absolute differences between two bearings and handles cases where one or both of them are outside their valid range (-pi, pi
6707: This line of the script splits an input string into separate "words" using spaces as delimiters, and then filters out those that contain at
6708: This function finds the topic with maximum probability and returns its id (-> return value). If no such toppic exists it will simply be returned as is
6709: This function calculates two quantities based on three input lists. The conditions are that all inputs should be of equal lengths, otherwise an error is raised and
6710: This line of the Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points using Pythagorean theorem in one go with builtin function
6711: This Python function calculates the top left and bottom right coordinates of an image to be used in resizing. The height is reduced by half with respect
6712: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The result is returned as an output from Python's built in division operator "/" which returns float
6713: If the value of 'c' variable `Dirty` in Python script exceeds or equals to two then it will return text as mentioned. Else
6714: This Python function checks if the RGB values of an image are within certain ranges and conditions. It returns True or False based on whether they meet these criteria
6715: This line of the given Python script is creating an interpolation function that takes two parameters x and b which are used to calculate value between range [A
6716: This function tries to return the options from an option section in configuration file, if it fails then returns empty list instead of raising exception which is handled by
6717: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values of each record from 'record array' using key as index to access value at
6718: This line of Python script creates an SQL query string that is used to create the name and structure/content based on data release. The format() function
6719: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or not. If yes then returns nothing else removes duplicate characters from the given strings and return
6720: This line of the given Python script calculates an exponential value. The result is then returned as integer type by dividing it with itself to remove any
6721: Calculates the expansion factor of an expanded Bed object. The calculation is done by dividing ep exp / bdf in which e represents 10
6722: This Python function takes in an input list m and returns the first element of that array if it's only one item, otherwise return concatenation between
6723: This function checks the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing true positives, false negatives and total number os samples in our dataset which is used to calculate
6724: This Python function flattens the tree structure of an object, returning all paths to its leaves as list elements within it's return value 'list
6725: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
6726: This function returns either `distance` or the reciprocal of its value, depending on whether it's less than zero and what that result would
6727: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was enclosed by square brackets. If there are no such pairs of [
6728: This function returns the color based on how many day(s)/week/month ago it was called. If more than two weeks, return orange;
6729: This function checks whether the input is within range. If it's not in that scope or out of bounds then returns False with no value to be
6730: Try to convert the string into float. If it fails, return an error message "Error"  and continue with next iteration of loop if possible else
6731: This Python function returns the dictionary of styles if 'disabled' is False, otherwise it just return an empty dict. The returned object has 4 properties
6732: This function replaces all occurrences of the old string with another in Python's str class method replace().  It is used to perform case
6733: If the length of `rxn_mults` is 3, return false. Otherwise check whether each element in its first two dimensions are greater
6734: If the 'base' is  equal to three fourths, return true. Else check whether it equals one fourth of its own value or two
6735: This function takes two arguments, 'l' and ‘w’. It returns the product of these values which is then returned by another method in
6736: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation function, which calculates one value between two other values based on some proportion p using Linear Interpol
6737: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern to extract year, month and day from an input string in format 'YYMMDD'. If it finds any
6738: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6739: This script checks the file format of an uploaded image and returns it if recognized, otherwise return "None".  It uses list comprehension to check all
6740: This Python script checks if the button's background color is green. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true or no return statement means that
6741: A dictionary is created with two parameters, 'param' and the random number. The function returns that parameter as its value in another key named `"
6742: This function checks if the file name ends with any of several common image extensions in Python, such as .JPG/. JPEG/, / P
6743: This program will find the nearest multiple of ten from an input number. If no such multiples exist within given limits then it returns zero as output else
6744: This Python function splits the input string into three parts based on ":" character and returns them in tuple format as output of given column name which is
6745: If the alignment is 'left', simply print out `source`. Otherwise, adjust it to be centered or right by adding spaces on either side and
6746: This script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the values of 'tags' list. The keys are created by concatenating string representation
6747: This function takes in two parameters; the first is 'width', which represents how wide you want your text to be. The second parameter ('content')
6748: Copies the values from one dictionary to another without changing their original keys or order of elements – just creates an entirely different copy with no connection between
6749: This Python function returns the minimum and maximum values of 'y' along with their corresponding indices ('loc') from an input list.  The min/
6750: This Python function checks whether the input 'modes' variable can be treated as multiple values or just one value and converts it to its corresponding name
6751: This Python function compares the lengths of two strings and returns zero if one string is longer. If they are equal it will return their count in tuple
6752: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6753: If the URL doesn't begin by 'http://', then it raises an error stating that "The provided string is invalid". Otherwise, return everything
6754: A dictionary that maps each unique value from the 'Group Order' list to its corresponding color.  This is used as an intermediate step before creating final
6755: This script is used to create dictionaries from the input data where each key corresponds with an id, while its corresponding values are either true or specific choices
6756: This Python script converts hexadecimal input to UTF – encoded string using the builtin function 'bytes' and then decodes it
6757: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
6758: This function returns the three variables depending on whether or not 'z' is in direction '-1', 0,'or +/-'. If it isn
6759: This is an example of bitwise OR operation with shift. The left and right shifts are used to perform the same task, but in different ways which
6760: This function checks if the number 'a' is within an inclusive range defined by two numbers, which are given as parameters. The check should be true
6761: If the given 'class' is present, return its value. Else check whether it has getter and setters with names starting from `"
6762: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input parameters are 'x' and ‘σ’, which represent two different quantities to
6763: This Python function takes an input string of binary digits and converts it into two integers. The first integer is the decimal equivalent to reverse order representation
6764: This Python function takes an input 'x' and returns the same output as its original but with some modifications to handle special cases like `None` values
6765: If the list 'X' has only one element, return that single value. Otherwise serialize each of its elements and put them into an array as
6766: This Python function checks whether or nor an URL is present and returns either true/false along with error message based on conditions met by user input parameters like
6767: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
6768: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6769: This function returns the number of rows and columns in an array.  It's like asking "how many spots are there along each dimension?"
6770: This line of the program converts temperature from Celsius to Kelvin and stores it in variable 'tempk'. It also calculates speed
6771: This function checks the given parameters and returns true only when all conditions are met. If not, it prints out appropriate error messages accordingly with return false statement
6772: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each file name, splitting it into elements using the ':' character as delimiter before
6773: Code: ::Vector<::Float>   return prediction;  // Return the predicted value. }}}}}}"}));} else {return nullptr
6774: This script creates an entity collection from the given 'messages' data structure, which is assumed to be structured as per Entity Resolution API response format
6775: This Python function converts the state into an equivalent 'ONE HOT' vector. The number of groups is defined by ```NUM GROUP``` which
6776: This function takes an input and converts it to uppercase if the type of that variable isn't string or not in form as lists but still
6777: Generates the path to an app's mints folder based on its phase and uid. The format is ${PHASE}/appl
6778: This function returns the first 30 characters of input string. If it's less than or equal to one hundred twenty chars then all is
6779: This Python function splits the input string into lines, removes any leading or trailing lyrics and then joins them back together with newline characters ('\\
6780: Returns whether the HTTP response's 'status码（HTTP状态代号，如4xx、5xx等表示错误的请求或服务
6781: This Python function takes in four parameters and returns the coordinates of an object within its bounding rectangle defined by these input values using standard mathematical conversions to
6782: This script reads in lines of text, removes leading/trailing whitespace and splits the string into individual word(s). The result is then
6783: This Python script reads lines from the file and writes them to another textfile using join function of python's string class which joins each element within that
6784: Checks whether the input column contains exactly three elements of type integer within range [0..255]. If so returns true. Otherwise false or
6785: This Python script checks whether the file exists and reads its first two bytes to determine it's content type based on magic number 0xfacf
6786: This Python function takes an input 'X' which can be either string or lists of strings/strings as well nested within other types like integers etc.,
6787: This Python function returns the IDs from 'list of Ids' that are also present as an element within another given set, i.e.,
6788: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on four variables, each with different coefficients and intercepts as specified in its equation' description
6789: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
6790: This Python script counts the number of ‘ones’ and 'zeros' elements from an input list. It also checks if there are any equal
6791: This Python function checks whether the lengths of two lists are equal. If they aren't, it raises an error with message "Dimension mismatch
6792: This function calculates the maximum of three values. It converts all inputs to float and then returns their highest value using Python's builtin `
6793: This Python function calculates the scores of two players based on their rankings and weights using an inverse logit transformation to normalize ranks into probabilities that
6794: This Python script attempts to parse an XML file, extracts the 'uuid', and returns it if found; otherwise return none is returned by function get
6795: A loop that converts bytes to other sizes. It uses the 'divmod' function from Python and checks each of our predefined byte suffix
6796: This Python function converts seconds into hour/minute format. It first calculates the number of full 'hours', then subtract that from total time
6797: This Python function splits the given string into segments based on "-", ".", and colon, then returns one of these as an output if it exists
6798: This function takes an integer as input, and returns the corresponding string from two predefined options. If no match is found in these three cases it
6799: This function converts the given string to its equivalent in terms of minutes, hours or months. It uses an 'else' clause that checks each possible
6800: This function checks if the input string contains any character that is not an alphanumeric or underscore. It returns True when it finds such characters
6801: This Python script is used to extract the version parts from an object that contains these three pieces of information. The function returns them in string format with '
6802: This Python function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same data structure but with each string split into two parts on ':' character only when
6803: This Python script replaces ":" with hyphen and creates an empty dictionary from the given object 'dict'. The resulting dictionaries are then returned as
6804: Convert both strings to lowercase and compare them, returning True if they are equal; otherwise False is returned by the function." (END OF
6805: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number in binary format.  The result is then converted to hexadecimal
6806: This Python function splits the input string into three parts using hyphen (-). If it's less than 3 characters long, an error will
6807: This function checks if the given file or directory is under version control using SVN's "path". It does so by checking whether it matches
6808: This function calculates the average of all numbers from 1 to numlevel and then multiplies it by an additional constant. The result is added with
6809: This Python script reads lines from an object and tries to parse them according the "try/catch". If it encounters "#%#", then that
6810: This line of Python function returns the integer part after rounding down to 3 decimal places. It's used in various calculations and data processing tasks
6811: This function takes an input list and returns the maximum value from each subarray defined by index values given as indices of another array, 'indices'.
6812: This Python function calculates the area of an irregular polygon using Shoelace formula and returns it as float value which is zero if input list 'pol
6813: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer type with bitwise shift operation applied. The result is 0 if 'offset' equals to
6814: A dictionary is created with keys "source", “Size”, and other attributes. The values of these key/value pairs are assigned to the
6815: This function checks whether the input sub ID string isn't empty and returns it in upper case. If so then an error message will be returned as
6816: This script is designed to handle messages with optional parameters and conditions, such as checking the presence of certain keys or deleting specific items from dictionaries based on
6817: This Python function checks whether the input ```is of type 'object'``` and converts it to an object. If there are multiple objects passed
6818: A dictionary to map HTTP status codes and their corresponding responses in Python – valid/ invalid / unAuthorised etc.. The function returns the response based
6819: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
6820: This line of Python script returns the input as it is, but only when its ASCII value lies between characters that are considered "printable" or
6821: This Python function checks the first line of an input string, and returns its second word as part after "_". If it doesn't start with '
6822: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'news' if they are different than those already stored as keys ('pre
6823: This function calculates the value of one part in relation to another, based on an exponent. The result is returned as 'knee' which
6824: Raise an error if the input parameters are incorrect. If 'input' parameter isn’t of type `string` or empty then it will return
6825: This function calculates the average of states importance.  It sums all values in 'state' and divides by total number, giving an overall state
6826: This function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns their sum. The first element in each list is added, then the second elements are also considered
6827: This function checks whether the given string is equal to 'name' or starts with an underscore. If either condition holds true, it returns `True
6828: Code is used to create an instance of the Tree class. The constructor takes two parameters, root and children which are both optional but if not provided it
6829: "Returns what's left over after division of 'x'"   Explanation:"The modulus operator in Python returns whatever number remains from an
6830: This function returns the product of two numbers as three separate values. The third value is always zero because it's not being used in any calculations made
6831: This Python script converts the dictionary "return" into another nested one with specific keys and values based on its original structure using list comprehension or dict
6832: This function calculates the product of values from two dictionaries. The first dictionary is 'used' and contains keys that are present only within another one
6833: This line of the Python script checks if 'path' starts with '/management', or it contains either "/setting". If so, then return True;
6834: This function checks whether the provided arguments are valid. If they exist, it returns true; otherwise false depending on which argument(s), or none of
6835: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
6836: This function checks whether the input 'thing' can be converted to either an integer or floating point number. If it does not meet these conditions then returns
6837: This Python function tries to divide two variables, 'v' and 'a'. If the type of either variable is not numeric ('int', or
6838: This Python function splits the input string by commas, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each resulting element and appends it to an array
6839: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the information from two dictionaries - one representing committing details of each integration on Fuc
6840: This line of the script is using regular expressions to search through an input string, looking specifically at integers and alphabetic characters in it respectively with
6841: If the repository object isn't provided, return an error message. Otherwise use it to construct and returns its full URL with filepath appended on
6842: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents time in seconds. The function takes as input two parameters, day fraction
6843: This script creates two dictionaries from the given lists of 'Site IDs' and populates them with corresponding values. The first dictionary is created using
6844: This line of the given C++ program is an example where bitwise OR operation with left shift operator and constant value are performed. The resultant output
6845: This function converts an integer to Roman numerals. It works by checking the value of each condition in order and returning its corresponding roman numeral when
6846: If the string contains '-' then remove it. Else do nothing and simply output 'identifier'.  [END]   Code is checking whether an
6847: This script writes the contents of two lists to separate files. The first list is written into 'indexClean' and second one -> pathDirty
6848: This program implements an iterative process to calculate the encryption key. The initial value of 'loop' is set as zero, and then it starts with
6849: This line of Python script returns the given scale rounded to four decimal places. The format function is used in conjunction with string interpolation ("{}") and
6850: This Python function checks the type of an input and converts it to its equivalent floating point value. If no conversion can be made due either because there
6851: This function returns the next token based on hues and lights. The colors are used to determine which operation is being performed in each of these functions,
6852: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the nth number using dynamic programming approach with O((n)) time complexity
6853: This function replaces underscores in the input string with hyphens, which is commonly used as an alternative to using dashes (-).  It
6854: If the length of u and vector 'vector' is unequal it raises an error. Otherwise calculates dot product between two vectors using Python builtin
6855: This Python script attempts to replace placeholders in the given string with their corresponding values from an object 'main'. The placeholder is defined as "{}"
6856: This Python function calculates the remainder of two numbers when divided by an integer. If result is negative, it adds to make sure that value remains positive
6857: This script sets environment variables based on the presence of specific headers. These are used to control various aspects related with security and privacy, such as Stric
6858: The provided Python and Julian codes perform similar operations, but with different syntaxes in both languages which makes them not identical at all; however they have
6859: This Python function tries to convert the input 'n' into an integer. If it fails, then return original value of variable "n".  Otherwise
6860: This Python function calculates the cross product of two vectors. The result is positive if they point in same direction and negative otherwise or zero depending on their
6861: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'anchors' using their keys as indices into another dict called "sign
6862: Return an empty dictionary with the result message in one line formatting as per given requirements – 'significant' is not defined here; it could
6863: This function returns the positions of 'a', and then it repeats that with another value. The result is an array containing three elements - firstly
6864: This function checks the input number 'x' and returns it, but only when that value is greater than or equal to 10. If not
6865: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between three points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as one line
6866: This script is used to add the patent title and abstract into one line. It iterates over each item of 'data' which contains dictionaries with
6867: This function takes two arguments and returns the smaller one first followed by larger. If they are equal it just return them in order as is; if not
6868: This Python function replaces certain characters in the string with their HTML entities, which are used to represent these special symbols by turning them into text content on
6869: This function normalizes the input list of values to have maximum value 1, and raises an error if it encounters division through zeros which is
6870: This function returns the concatenation of three strings. The first two are taken from call info and then one is added to it based on its value in
6871: If the input "None" or boolean values are given, it will return zero. For true and false inputs returns one respectively; otherwise raises error message
6872: This Python script splits the filename into its extension and then extracts only one part of it, which is assumed to be 'YY' in most
6873: This Python function calculates the number of ways to partition n items into exactly 'K' groups. It uses dynamic programming approach where it stores previously calculated
6874: If the total count of users is less than or equal to required, then return results as they are. Else calculate and set progress based on remaining
6875: This function checks if the string is not all in one case and does NOT contain an underscore.  It returns true only when it's neither
6876: If the value of 'X' is less than or equal to zero, it sets that as ‘zero’. It then returns/returns X
6877: This Python function is used to find the value at specific positions within an array. It uses modulo operation and looping constructs of python language as
6878: If the list is empty, return none. Otherwise check whether it has one or two elements and perform different actions based on that; otherwise raise an error
6879: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case and adds an underscore before them, while leaving the rest of string as is if it
6880: This function returns the time of day based on an input parameter. It checks whether it's night, dusky or partying in between dawn
6881: This line of Python script checks whether the variable 'field' is empty. If it isn’t, then return that value; otherwise set to be
6882: This script changes the color of certain parts within text files based on their prefixes using ANSI escape codes, making it easier to read and understand
6883: This Python function calculates the solute concentration in grams per liter based on fat content and water contents of an object, using equation derived from molecular
6884: This script is used to extract task ids from the given data structure and store them into an array named "projectData". The extracted information will be
6885: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
6886: "Error message when preference key is not provided or has no valid input".  This error occurs because the function requires that each user must have at least
6887: Code is used to create an object of type 'Person' with the given first and last names. The function returns that person instance, which can be
6888: If the 'None' value of variable `siz`e isn’t provided, it will be converted to “fas” followed by
6889: This Python function iterates over the list of numbers, and if it finds any number that isn't `None` or an empty string ("")
6890: If lengths are not same then raise an error. Otherwise return list comprehension that subtracts corresponding values from each other and zips them together with
6891: This Python script creates an array of the names and ingredients from distinct, uncommon meats found within 'Meat' list using sets to ensure uniqu
6892: This function converts the input to lowercase and checks if it is one of four common string representations that represent true/false values. If not,
6893: This function uses the Python dictionary to map colours from user input into ANSI escape codes. It then returns an output with colorized text using these
6894: This line of the given C++ function returns an RGB color in hexadecimal format. The colors are first converted to binary, and then manip
6895: This Python function converts input to lowercase, checks if the value is either true or false and returns corresponding Boolean values as result of conversion from given
6896: This Python function calculates the inverse of logistic regression model's output. It takes two timestamps as input, computes their absolute difference
6897: This function checks if the given number is power of two. It does so by checking whether it's not zero and, also that its binary representation
6898: This python function calculates the power of n to k modulo ‘(10^m + 7)' where m is given. The result
6899: This Python function takes an input of n and produces the resultant output using given rules defined by dictionary "production". The main idea is to split
6900: This function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary, rounded up using ceil() and log base 2 on Python'
6901: This line of Python script returns an HTML link element with the specified path. The 'href' attribute is set to be equal and include that specific file
6902: This python script converts an array to its binary representation.  It uses numpy's 'to_bytes()'. The function takes in two
6903: This function returns the type and identifier of an inputted dictionary.  It is used to identify different types in Python dictionaries, such as string or
6904: Checks if the string is palindrome. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or None depending on whether there are three consecutive
6905: This function calculates the inverse of 𝑥, where x is given as input and y in output which represents an approximation to e^
6906: This function returns true if the sum of 'a' and 'b', which are both integers, is less than ten. Otherwise it will return false
6907: This Python script creates and returns an updated version of the inputted 'dictionary' where all values that are equal to or less than "base link
6908: This Python function checks if the input is either an integer or float. If it'is, then returns true; otherwise false – one line of
6909: This function takes as input the Ticket ID and returns both Registered Name of that ticket. If no such record is found it will return 'None
6910: This Python function calculates the number of magic squares. It takes two parameters, row and colum which represent dimensions in square matrix to be created by
6911: This function takes an API box and returns the minimum values of its four corners.  The returned list is in order - first minY value then X
6912: This Python script replaces underscores with spaces, converts the string to lowercase and removes trailing white space in an inputted file'
6913: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'host' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
6914: A function that returns an object with the type as HTML and data.  The input is not used in any way, but it's being returned
6915: This Python function generates all pairs of factors that can be formed by dividing the input number 'num'. The output is returned as list where each element
6916: This Python function converts all digits to their corresponding string representation. It ignores non digit characters and only keeps the numeric ones from ‘
6917: This function calculates the overlap between two boxes. The overlapping area is calculated by finding out how much of each dimension they share and then squaring
6918: This Python script checks the current operating system and returns its name based on whether it's macOS, Windows或Linux; otherwise return 'unknown'.
6919: This Python script filters out the commands from each result list. It uses lambda and filter functions to achieve that goal, but it's more conc
6920: This Python function checks whether the input 'int' value of variable "is instance" and returns True or False. If it isn’t integer then
6921: This line of the function checks if current object's tablenames match with provided parameter.  It is used to filter out unwanted tables in
6922: This is the first part of an equation that describes how population size changes over time. The rate at which new infections are introduced depends on both current
6923: This function returns the filename, extension and signal strength in dB.  The input parameters are all strings or integers as per requirement but it is assumed that
6924: This Python script calculates the average of all elements within an array.  It uses list comprehension to calculate and return each element's value divided
6925: This function checks if the current position of disk is divisible by some number. The 'time counter' and an offset are added to it, then
6926: This Python function generates RGBA values from an input list of floats between []. The float inputs are mapped to the range[], where negative numbers
6927: This Python script generates an array of values that represent the "epsilon" or error rate in terms per attribute value range from zero to maximum possible by increasing
6928: This line of the script splits run id into individual components using hyphen as separator.  It then assigns these to variables 'git'
6929: This Python function calculates the mean difference between two numbers. The result is returned as 'mnd'.  Code snippet used to calculate it
6930: This function returns the version of miniki, scaLa and kakfa in string format.  The versions are taken from parameters passed to it
6931: This function parses the string to return it as floating point number. If conversion is not possible, raises ValueError exception with appropriate error message –
6932: This line of Python script calculates the amount that can be transplanted from an initial level, given its current state and time to next event in
6933: This function returns the number '0' in Python, which is equivalent to decimal point value of nine and one ninety percent or zero as percentage
6934: A function that converts the given list of dictionaries into dictionary format. The keys are tags and values from each respective key is assigned to their corresponding
6935: This Python function sorts the list of lists 'X' based on third element. The sorting is done using bubble Sort algorithm, which compares each
6936: This function checks whether the key of an Splunks record is equal to 'searchLength'. If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false;
6937: This Python script checks if two dictionaries have the same keys and values, returning true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it returns "False
6938: This function calculates the nearest multiple of 'allocation unit' to given size. If requested is less than or equal 0, it returns zero
6939: This Python script splits the input string into elements separated by commas and then creates an output list based on these split values which is either single number
6940: This function checks if two sequences are equal. If they're the same, it returns true; otherwise false is returned and execution stops immediately because of
6941: This Python function calculates the output size of an operation. The input and step sizes are used to calculate how much we need from our inputs that will
6942: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
6943: Split the version numbers and compare them element by 		   Element, returning true if first is greater than second else false or vice versa based
6944: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' either str or integer. If it does not meet these conditions then converts that variable to
6945: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
6946: Removes the rule with id from rules.py file, using Python's built in function to remove it by its ID – one liner
6947: This Python script merges two dictionaries into one, adding the values of common keys from both dicts and overwriting noncommon ones with those present
6948: This function takes in an input string and replaces all underscores with hyphens. It then returns the modified version of that String as output from
6949: This line of the given Python script returns only those build results that are 'successful' in an array.  It uses lambda function to filter
6950: A function that takes dictionary as input and returns its inverse mapping ie., it reverses the keys to values maping of an existing dict object
6951: This Python function checks the type and size/length conditions before returning an appropriate string. If it's not either one nor two characters long then raises
6952: This function scales the input x to be between [0, +∞). It's an inverse of min max scaling. The formula is derived
6953: This function returns the letter grade based on student's score. It uses multiple elif conditions to check different ranges of scores and return corresponding grades as per
6954: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
6955: This line of the Python function checks if two given times are within one another. It does so by checking that both conditions in each pair, which represent
6956: This function calculates the minimum of two angles, taking into account that it's always between [180°–497.xx
6957: This line of the given Python script adds 10 to "scores" and assign it back. It also sets 'x' as its value
6958: This line of the given Python script is splitting 'regionDispla' into an array using "." as separator and then returning lowercase version
6959: If the ratio of voltages is greater than 0, it returns that value; otherwise nothing happens and continues to next line in program flow with no output
6960: This script reads lines from the input file, removes leading/trailing whitespace characters on each of these readlines(), checks if it's empty
6961: This function converts ASCII bytes to an integer in base hexadecimal. It takes one parameter as the input and returns its equivalent decimal value
6962: If the input 'string' variable in Python, return zero. Otherwise it will continue to execute and print out "Hello World". This function checks whether
6963: This Python script is used to filter out the objects that were successfully processed, based on their type ('uploader' or 'creator') as well
6964: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the provided configuration file using nested loops to iteratively process each item of 'config
6965: This function is used to find the concept associated with an index. It iterates over all concepts and checks if 'ex_index' falls within any
6966: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, then calculates an integer value based on each character's position within alphabetical order
6967: This function converts package name and version into one string. If the inputs are already strings it does nothing; otherwise they get converted to Strings using
6968: This Python script replaces specific strings in the given string with new ones, and returns it as output after all these substitutions are made if they
6969: This function returns the maximum of 1 and its input. If it's less than or equal to zero then we set that value as one else
6970: This Python function takes as input the string 'text' and returns an array of length equal to number or unique characters present within that given "words"
6971: If the function `pyFuncStr` does not exist, return an unknown string; otherwise replace all '*' characters with "\dot".  This
6972: If 'x' is less than the value of another variable named "y", it swaps their values.  This operation does not return any result
6973: This Python function takes as input the 'service' label and dictionary of user provided authentication details ('credential'). It returns an updated version with keys pref
6974: This line of the given Python script is extracting an element from 'service' string using index 4 and returning it as output, which can be
6975: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
6976: This Python function takes an input list of integers and returns the largest possible "subarray" that can be formed from it by using at most one number
6977: This Python function is used to adjust the length of an array based on its current value. If it's not divisible by ten, then we
6978: This function calculates the sum of squares using an arithmetic series formula. The input is multiplied by three and then divided to get two times its
6979: This Python function parses the input string to extract parameters from an .spinsolve configuration files that are key/values pairs separated by equals sign
6980: This Python function checks the value of 'Rewards' and adjusts it to be between [-+∞,-/+|] by setting any negative
6981: This function compares two strings, returning True if the first string is equal to or shorter than its second. It does so by comparing their respective prefix
6982: This line of Python script converts the string to lowercase and checks if it is equal either as 'True', ‘0’, an integer
6983: This Python function counts the number of integers and floated cells within each list. It uses List Comprehension to create an array with types,
6984: This Python function calculates the angle difference between two angles in degrees. It takes an input of one or more possible values, and returns their absolute differences
6985: This Python function returns different mean and standard deviation values based on the 'distID' parameter in an object literal format which is then returned by that particular
6986: This line of Python script replaces all ":" with hyphen in the string 'mac' and returns it as output, which is now formatted to
6987: This function splits the given filename into two parts using '.' as separator and returns last part of it, which is extension name in our case
6988: This function checks if the argument is even. It does so by checking whether its remainder when divided into two equals zero, which means it's an
6989: This Python function takes an input of 'spelling' and returns the suggested spellings if they exist, else it simply return empty list as no suggestion
6990: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
6991: This Python function calculates the value of plato based on an equation derived from some data and returns it as output, which is one plus another calculated
6992: This function returns the dictionary items as is. It's just an example of how to create and use dictionaries in Python, which are key/
6993: This function checks the type of `figsize`. If it’re an instance that can be cast to int or floats then returns its values
6994: Loaded weights from the current state dictionary into an empty new one with key updates based on keys found during checkpoint loading and correspondingly replaced by '
6995: Creates and configures the MPI Worker Service. The Docker Image is set to '<DOCKER IMAGE>', memory allocation
6996: This function calculates the average of two numbers y and z. It first adds three to each number, then divides by four in both cases which
6997: This line of the program calculates and assigns 31649 to variable 'gas' which is equivalent in value with constant Gas Constant
6998: This Python function finds the maximum number of consecutive characters that are identical between two strings. If no such sequence exists, it returns 'no matching' string
6999: This function takes in one parameter, which is the time_t structure of an epoch or UNIX timestamp and returns it as formatted String using strf
7000: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two numbers, taking into account their signs. It does so by using built in functions like `abs()
7001: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
7002: ... ... 10/36,478.9 seconds">' + '<td class="'+str(
7003: This line of the given Python script splits text into individual elements based on commas, returning them as list in one single command using python's
7004: This function checks whether the input 'int' number falls within certain conditions. If it does and meets all of these criteria then returns true else false;
7005: "Split the url into segments and store in an array"  }.split(".").map{|e|  e}.join(". ")
7006: Returns true if the bit at position 'offset' in binary representation of an integer is set.  Otherwise, it returns false;   // Code sn
7007: This Python function implements the encryption key calculation as described by part 3 of Day XX. The loop size is not used here, but it's
7008: This script initializes three dictionaries to store boxes and segments information. The outer loop iterates over the number of classes; within each class iteration creates
7009: This function tries to find the first three characters of 'mining pool' and returns them as an algorithm name if found, else it does nothing or
7010: This function checks whether the input string or any object that inherits from it has no leading/trailing whitespace and returns True when such an
7011: This Python script converts an RGB pixel array into grayscale. It first creates the output dictionary with height, width and empty pixels list as keys
7012: This function takes in the name of an individual and returns their first initials as they are written. It replaces all hyphens with underscores
7013: This function returns 'True' as "one" and all other values are returned with the string representation of their boolean equivalent. For example, given input
7014: This Python function splits the command string into an array of elements and tries to return element at index 7, if it exists; otherwise returns '-
7015: This function checks whether the line or ellipses are being drawn based on their length and width. If they're shorter than twice as long,
7016: This Python function takes an integer representing milli seconds as input and converts it into equivalent time in terms of 'Days','Hours','
7017: This Python script is used to extract CPEs from the given JSON data structure, which includes information about vulnerabilities and their corresponding CVEs if they
7018: Creates dictionary with keys and values based on the input parameters. If any of these inputs are 'None', it will be ignored in creating final output
7019: The function can create and return an unique string that represents where caching will take place within your system, based on input parameters such as 'workflow
7020: This function checks the length of an ID and returns it, or splits that string into parts with hyphens ("-"), then takes last part depending
7021: This line of the script checks if 'distribution' object has keys named either `medai`, and whether their values are equal to some value other
7022: Code is used to generate a random number between 1 and the given limit. The function takes an integer as input, which represents how many numbers in
7023: This function checks if the input x has one of these data types in its type hierarchy. It does so by using Python's builtin `is
7024: If the input variable 'Dim' isn’t provided then return none. Otherwise check whether it can be treated like string and convert to List of strings
7025: Returns the value of sno in array 'data'. If it doesn't exist, returns None.  Code is used to access an element from
7026: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7027: This line of the given Python script is used to get indices from an index 'idx' and reshape it into two dimensions. The first dimension
7028: This Python function returns the name of weekday based on an integer input. If it's not valid, then return 'invalid Day Number'.
7029: This function checks if the number is less than two and returns one, otherwise it calculates its logarithm. The calculation uses bit shifting to calculate log
7030: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The base case is when 'f' equals to or greater than two
7031: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
7032: This Python function calculates the 'C' value, which is used to measure how close an object or point lies on either side of its ideal position
7033: This line of the given Python script returns all TidDle objects that have their 'Title' attribute equal to provided argument "tittle".
7034: This line of Python script returns the last element in an array split by '.' character, which is equivalent to getting just one level deep from nested lists
7035: This Python script calculates the mean of each dictionary' values. If an element isn’t present, it assign ‘default_value” to
7036: This function takes an angle in degrees and wraps it within [-π, π] range. It does so by continually adding or subtracting multiple
7037: This line of the given Python script converts all ASCII values by adding 3 to each character. It then joins these new, changed letters back
7038: This function sorts the results list in descending order based on their third element.  It uses Python's builtin 'sort()', but with
7039: This function returns the number of gigabytes that can be stored in 'bytes' memory. It does so by dividing total available RAM with GB
7040: This line of the given Python script returns how many elements in 'draw' list are within range [a;b] using lambda function.
7041: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'options' list. The keys of these dictionaries are taken as second elements
7042: This Python function checks whether the input 'd' dictionary has any key that does not have an associated value and returns true only when all these conditions are
7043: This function checks whether the second element of 'next_steam' is greater than that in ‘current’ stream. If it does, return
7044: This python function calculates the value of variable 'v' based on some input parameters. The values are calculated in such way that it is an efficient
7045: This Python function takes two lists as input, converts them to sets and calculates the ratio of common elements in both list pairs divided by total number
7046: This Python function takes in two coordinates, and returns the second coordinate as first. If no value is provided it defaults to returning both values of one pair
7047: This function searches through the list of files and their corresponding line numbers to find if they contain certain keys or not using Python' builtin functions like '
7048: Creates an empty dictionary to hold the request data. If there are any nonzero values in 'rows' or/and ‘columns’ variables
7049: This Python script splits the input string into two substrings based on space, returning only if there are more than one substring; otherwise it returns
7050: This function returns an object with the authorisation header. The value of 'token' is prepended by Bearer keyword and returned as part to
7051: This function calculates the sum of squares between two variables, and checks if it is less than or equal to 1 using an inequality checker with
7052: This Python function calculates the area of rectangle that can be formed by given coordinates. The maximum and minimum X values are found using lambda functions to
7053: If the variable 'KARMA' does not exist, it assigns ‘average’ value of one. Else when Karmas
7054: This line of the script converts an integer to its equivalent ASCII character.  It then checks if it is within range and prints out whether or
7055: This function calculates the speed of light in units per second. The input is assumed to be an integer representing distance from Earth's center or any
7056: A dictionary is created with keys "source", “Size”, and two more key value pairs. The last three are optional parameters that have been
7057: This Python script creates an empty list `nodes` and then iterates over each item of the given 'lookup' function result to find its corresponding
7058: If the length of 'color_str' is three characters, it converts hexadecimal values to decimal and multiplies them by eleven.
7059: This Python function filters out empty dictionaries from the input dictionary and returns it as another one with nonempty values only."  [END SUMMARY}
7060: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to ((3/8)*(((7*sqrt{9})^0.))).
7061: This Python function generates all Pentagonal Numbers up to the given 'limit'. It uses an iterative approach where it calculates each new number by
7062: This function takes in one string and returns two strings, the first being all characters of original input except last character; second is remaining part after removing tra
7063: This script will launch an Ubuntu application using the given parameters.  The name of your program and its author's username are used to generate unique names
7064: This Python function finds the inverse of 'p' modulo ‘q’. If no such number exists it returns none and prints an error message
7065: This Python script counts the occurrences of nonzero values from an input list. The result is returned as 'count'.  Code explanation and usage
7066: This Python function checks the type of input arguments and assigns it to 'SubMethod' based on its presence. It is used as an example or
7067: This line of the given Python script copies an existing dictionary and adds or modifies "name" to it, then returns that modified version as output from
7068: This function checks whether the length of an arm is less than 7. If it's true, return false; otherwise returns truemd
7069: This Python script splits the input string into hours and minutes, then adds them together to get total in decimal format with 3 digs after point
7070: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using an underscore as separator and converts second part to integer type before returning both values
7071: This function is used to calculate the minimum number of drops required by an eater who has 'k' eggs and can drop one type/color at
7072: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements that are “one” at odd positions. The input list is processed from right to left,
7073: This is an iterative algorithm that approximates the square root of 'x' by using bisection method, with precision up to ten decimal places
7074: This Python function checks the sign of given geographical coordinates. It returns 'North' ('return 1') or ''(empty string). If it
7075: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in an array into one string. The map function is used to convert each element within that list/
7076: This Python script calculates the sum of reciprocals from 3 to 'n'. The result is stored as an accumulator variable "ac"
7077: This Python function calculates the four different types of combinations in an equation based on two input lists, each with 6 elements and returns their respective values
7078: This Python function raises an error when the input value of 'N' is less than one, and then doubles that number until it reaches or exceeds
7079: Sorts the VMs list in ascending order based on their total disk size using lambda function as sorting criteria – getTotalDisK
7080: This line of the given Python script multiplies 'result' by itself and assigns it back to result. It also closes an XML tag,
7081: This Python function calculates the weighted score based on different factors such as Entropy, Contrast and Visibility. The weights are determined by alpha
7082: This function returns the smallest and largest of n or its absolute value. If it is less than zero then set to be one if greater that negative number
7083: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
7084: A function that returns an error response with status and content. The mock is based on the URL path 'julialang/api' or not
7085: This Python script processes JSON data from the given input and returns only distinct benchmark names as output, ignoring any duplicates found within it using sets to
7086: This Python function checks whether the URL mode starts with 'MIM:' and raises an error message in case it doesn't start as expected; otherwise
7087: This function takes an integer as its parameter, which represents how many clicsks have already happened on it. If no such click happens yet then returns
7088: This Python function normalizes the input 'Value' to be between 0 and given max. The normalization is done based on original min, originating
7089: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the frequency of each key/value pair from input list. The keys are unique to their
7090: This Python function generates the Fibonacci sequence in reverse order by using an iterative method with dynamic programming approach, where it calculates each
7091: This function returns an integer based on the value of 'x' which is either mapped to one, two or three. The mapping from values are as
7092: This function checks if the environment variable "GTAGS" exists and returns True or false accordingly based on its existence in your system's environmental variables
7093: Generates HTML list item with title and url.  The output is an unordered or ordered html string based on the input parameters, it's
7094: Check if two strings are anagrams. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print "Not Anagram" and then
7095: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7096: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway point between strides, which is calculated by subtracting one from 'dilated'
7097: Checks if two strings are the same case insensitive.  It converts both to their respective cases and compares them, returning true or false
7098: If the least significant bit of an unsigned integer is set, it will be removed from that number. This operation can help to remove unnecessary zeros in
7099: This Python function checks whether the given 'target' dictionary contains an entry with specific keys and returns its value or finds another nested element within it using recurs
7100: This is an implementation of the function f(a=b+c), where b and/or both variables are unknowns that need to be determined
7101: This python script calculates the row and column of seats based on binary representation. The logic is to iteratively check each character from right side if it
7102: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It checks if the input value 'x' equals 10, and returns true or false accordingly
7103: This Python script calculates the square sums of all elements and their total. The function returns two values - one is 'squareSum' which represents squ
7104: This line of Python script returns the last part from an input string, which is assumed to be in dot notation format ie "name_of_.
7105: If the value 'None', return an empty string; otherwise check whether it's of type `list` with no elements -> also returns '';
7106: This Python script multiplies each element of the input 'matrix' with corresponding elements from another list called "vectors" and stores these results into an
7107: This Python function counts the number of 'active' cells around an element. It uses three different conditions to determine what value should be returned based on whether
7108: This function checks if the number is evenly divided by another given integer. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on
7109: This function calculates the cubic of x minus two, which is an example in mathematics where it's used to demonstrate how functions work and its derivative
7110: This script is used to rename the column name from 'VCF' into VCF and also remove it form original dataset, then return updated dictionary
7111: If the 'stage' is ‘train’, then it checks if there are any saved model weights. Otherwise; depending on whether we have set
7112: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
7113: This Python script creates two empty lists and then iterates over the given list of tuples to add each element from both arrays one by another into
7114: This line of the given C++ program is creating and initializing an integer variable named 'length' with its value, then it calculates two bits
7115: This line of the given Python script converts an integer value to its double equivalent. The result is then multiplied by two and returned as output,
7116: This line of the given configuration file is removed leading whitespace.  It's also removing all trailing white spaces from each individual string in config
7117: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as one line of text using mathematical formula
7118: This function returns the product of two weights and zero. It's just multiplying one weight by another, but with an extra constant added to it
7119: A function that maps the type of resources to their labels. If no match is found it returns 'unknown'.  The input parameter `system` can
7120: If the URI contains "//" then it is assumed to be an HTTP/HTTPS URL. Otherwise, assume that we have got something else
7121: Sorts the list of repositories by number or 'Forwards' in terms that each repository has more stars than its own Forward count, and
7122: This function normalizes the list of position values to be between 1 and zero. The length is calculated as difference from minimum value which makes it easier
7123: This function takes in one line of text, removes leading and trailing whitespace from it using the strip() method. It then splits that string
7124: This function calculates the number of times to dilute an input by using 'layer index' and base on which it is being called. If `
7125: Returns the value of 'pos' dictionary key "l".  This is used to get specific data from an object. The returned result will be one
7126: This Python function subtracts the value stored in 'limit' from an initial position defined by "offet". If there is any exception, it
7127: If the first argument 'Dict' object type of both are lists or dictionary types then it will filter out non intersection keys from second Dictionay
7128: This Python function calculates the power of an input number. If 'N' is zero it returns one otherwise return X to Nth Power using recurs
7129: This function counts the number of rabbit pairs that will be produced in 'days' with an initial population size. The first day has two offsp
7130: This line of the script is creating an Azure REST API endpoint URL to get information about application gateway probes in azure network service provider using specific
7131: This line of the Python function normalizes RGB values to be between [1, -inf] and returns an average value that represents brightness in human perception
7132: This function calculates the sum of squares in Python. It takes an array as input and returns one number, which is square rooted by two using
7133: This function calculates the weighted average of two numbers. The weights are counts from both inputs, and they're added together to get total weight in
7134: This is an equation that represents the area of some shape. The formula given in it calculates and returns its result based on certain parameters, but without
7135: This line of the Python script checks whether `parmestyle` is either 'QMARK', which returns an exclamation mark,
7136: This Python function converts dictionaries and lists into objects using recursion when possible; otherwise it returns the original value as an object or leaves out non
7137: This script checks the length of input string, and then verifies that it is not less than two characters long. If so - returns false; otherwise
7138: This line of the script calculates and returns minimum scale factor between source image width/ height to destination. The result is then used as scaling parameter in
7139: The program 'gss' has been successfully executed. It terminated normally and returned the string of text, which is expected to be an execution message
7140: This line of Python function returns the first character and capitalizes all other characters in each word. It's used to convert strings into title case,
7141: This Python function checks if the input variable 'v' is not zero. If it isn’t, then return True; otherwise returns false or None
7142: This Python script splits the input line into fields based on tab character and then zips them with stream format to create pairs of data from two different
7143: This function returns the file name and its corresponding type. If no dot is found, it assumes that there's only one part in filename which will
7144: This line of the given Python script filters out all differences that have an action in their path, returning only those with non-"actions" paths left over
7145: Replaces the string 'http(s)?:\/\/[^\/]*\.(jpg|jpeg)' with just '/' in DropBox
7146: This function adds the first two elements of an array 'p' and multiplies it by variable "x". The result is returned.  It assumes
7147: This function calculates the Intersecting Box Score using IOU. The parameters are boundings of two boxes and returns an IoU value as
7148: This script creates an object called "context" that contains the list of articles from 'articles.json' file and returns it as output in JSON
7149: A function that maps XML types to Python data type.  It uses dictionary 'tymap' which contains mapping of each supported and unsupported element in
7150: This line of Python script splits the given file name into its components, then returns only one component - last part which is always equal to original but
7151: This line of Python function converts the binary string to an integer. The 'int' builtin in python is used with two arguments - base and
7152: Code is written to check whether the given string starts with 'if' followed by space, then checks that it contains only alphabets. If
7153: If the players score is over two hundred, it returns negative one; otherwise checks whether dealers's or both of their scores are above twenty and
7154: This line of Python script replaces all underscores in the variable 'uid' with slashes, and then returns it as output from function or
7155: Raises an error if the input is less than  zero. It also raises another exception when it receives non integer inputs and defines factorial function to
7156: This line of Python script is performing an operation on the data. The original 'CT' stands in as input, which has been multiplied by some
7157: This line calculates the length of l and r, which are lists. The lengths will be stored in variables 'len_' respectively to make it
7158: This Python function calculates the transmission efficiency based on whether or not there is an "Big" District type and assigns it to `etrans`
7159: This function splits the given date string into its components using "/".  The result is returned as an array of strings, which are then processed further
7160: This Python function splits the string "s" into parts using underscores and then trims any leading or trailing empty strings from each part
7161: This Python script calculates the sum of points based on coefficients and an input value. The function takes as inputs two lists; one is reversed to
7162: This function calculates the power of ten to which should be multiplied in order that it will convert an input value from dBm into linear scale,
7163: This line of the given Python script creates an intersection between two lists. The result is then converted to another data type using 'list()'.  It
7164: Generates the bus stop information in one line.  The input is BusStop, its associated codes and selected Busses along with time taken to
7165: A function that returns the number of matching characters between two strings. It compares each character from both string at corresponding position and counts how many are equal
7166: This Python function takes in an Elasticsearch document as input, extracts the required fields from it and returns them concatenated into one string separated by
7167: This Python function takes an array of integers as input and returns the same output. The numbers are joined into one string with spaces in between them using map
7168: This function checks if the given conditions are met to execute some action. The first condition is that it should be less than 8, and second one
7169: This Python script generates FIBONACCI numbers and calculates their powers until the maximum number of lambdas is reached. The function returns how
7170: This Python function checks the type of an AMI based on its name. It returns 'ak' when it is named as AK, and so
7171: This python function calculates the sum of all divisors from two to n. It uses an optimized approach where it only checks upto sqrt
7172: This function checks if the given list of numbers is sorted. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or None depending on whether there
7173: This python script uses the AND operator to find neighbors in an array of bits. The result is stored as 'bit' and then shifted left by one
7174: This Python function generates an output based on the input 'x' and returns it. The condition in "if" statement determines whether to assign value or
7175: If the 'Search Param' is empty, return an error message. Otherwise just remove two characters from start and end of string to make it valid
7176: This function generates an empty list called 'Interactions' which is used to store the parameters of interactions between different organisms within each pairwise combination from
7177: This line of the Python function checks if an input number is even. It returns True when it's divisible by two, and False otherwise -
7178: Removes leading and trailing zeros from the given string.  It also removes any other zeroes in between if they exist to avoid confusion or
7179: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and performs different actions based on its content or nature; it also handles boolean values as well string inputs
7180: Removes newline characters and tabs from the input string.  It also replaces multiple spaces with one space to make it easier in parsing later
7181: This function returns the opposite of what it's given, i.e., 'Home Team', in case its input is not equal to itself ('
7182: This line of Python script calculates the proportion or ratio between 'G' and 'C'. It filters out all characters that are not either Gs
7183: This Python script connects to ZooKeepr servers and prints the connection string parts of each server it finds, along with their corresponding root path if they
7184: This Python script splits the input string into an array of directory paths, then it removes any "../" from each element and joins them back together
7185: This function returns the result of integer division. It takes two parameters value and factor which are used to perform an operation on input values; it calculates
7186: If the permalinks of an object start with "re-" then return true, otherwise false.  This is used to filter out any items that
7187: This Python function tries to get the "location" header from an HTTP response. If it fails due some reason like missing or wrong key in dictionary then
7188: If the input is less than 3.9 bytes in length and greater or equal to one KB then it will be returned as 'X b'
7189: This function returns an empty list when the input is less than 1, otherwise it calls dmp zero on one element lower. The result of that
7190: If the given 'column' is out of range, it raises an error.  The valid columns are between [0 to  6394
7191: This Python function converts an RGB tuple to its equivalent string representation in the format of 'RGB'.  For example if you input `[1
7192: This Python script calculates an array of values using trigonometric functions and returns it as output in form 'array'. The function takes two parameters;
7193: This Python script calculates the difference between sequence end and start of each occurrence found by 'detection' dictionary, then returns that value as "return
7194: This Python function takes an input list of lists and returns two outputs - the flattened version as 'neweArray' along with its corresponding indices
7195: This function returns the first line of an array.  It's used to get some initial data from your program before it starts processing or analyzing
7196: This function returns the filename with an appended string. The file is read from 'readsFileBasname', and then processed according to its value
7197: This function checks if the file's extension is .txt, or one of three common compressed archives (.zip/.rar,.7za).
7198: Creates an object with the specified properties. The 'feature' is not used in any of its current form and will be removed when it gets processed
7199: This function calculates the number of steps to reach from X, starting at 0 with an increment step size equal by one. The result is then
7200: This is an infinite loop that continues until the power of 'num' equals or exceeds one. It increments by +/-one each time, thus
7201: This Python function calculates the ratio of 10 times more than one part to two parts. The input parameters are 'bulk' and "
7202: This Python script calculates the mean of an array by summing all elements and dividing it with its size. The result is rounded to 3
7203: This line of the given C++ program checks if 'x' is greater than zero, and returns it otherwise returning value as default ie., "
7204: This Python script counts the number of exclamation marks, periods and question signs. It does so by iterating over each character within ```'
7205: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7206: This line of Python function returns the value 'Q' raised to beta. It is used in various calculations and models that involve probabilities or quantities with ex
7207: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns product between two dimensions in an array.  The first dimension is multiplied by second one to
7208: This Python function calculates the square of sums from one to 'nn'. It uses builtin range and list functions. The result is calculated by squ
7209: Removes all non alphanumeric characters from the string.  The function takes in one argument, which is expected to be of type String and
7210: This Python script is used to remove the file extension from filenames that end with certain extensions like .jar,.dll etc., and return only
7211: ')) Code is used to check if the string starts with "Hello" and then followed by any number of whitespace characters, which means it
7212: This function returns the value of 'encoding' table if it exists in Python dictionary else default character is returned as output from get method – which defaults
7213: This line of Python script creates and returns the name & version information about an object.  The 'harddict' is assumed to be defined elsewhere in
7214: This Python function returns ‘exit’ and an empty string when called. The 'return' statement is used to return two values from the python script
7215: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each element of the input 'item' which is assumed to be another sequence or collection type
7216: This Python function takes an input dictionary of key/values pairs and generates the string representation. If any values are quoted or empty strings then they get added
7217: This function sorts the class ads by an element name. The lambda is used to define anonymous functions that are then passed as keys in Python's
7218: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7219: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters in the input string with an optional end character, defaulting to '\r\e'.
7220: This python script calculates the sum of an arithmetic series with given parameters, where 're' is 3 and it repeats itself after every
7221: This script checks the input "Severity" and assigns it to an integer variable based on its value. The range of values is defined by
7222: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the input string against some specific pattern, and if successful it returns two groups from that matching as tuples
7223: This Python script calculates the length of string 's' and creates an empty list with that many elements, then fills it up by comparing two strings
7224: This Python script copies the 3D control points of an object and then scales them by their fourth coordinate. The function is used to scale all coordinates
7225: This Python function calculates the closest value to 'a' based on three numbers, taking into account their absolute difference. The return statement determines which of
7226: This function takes an integer as input and returns it in the format “dd”. If frame is less than or equal to zero, then output
7227: This function checks the input 'metho' and returns an appropriate file format based on its content. If no such type of data exists, it
7228: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the values from 'results' list. The keys are chosen based on "choices
7229: Code checks if the absolute difference between n and either of two given numbers is less than or equal to ten. If so, it returns true; otherwise
7230: This Python function takes an old name and splits it into two parts. The first part is the original file's extension (.txt), while its
7231: This Python function checks if the input 'is instance of' condition holds true and then converts string to integer using slicing operation on n threshold value
7232: This function returns different values based on the input number 'n'. The first condition checks whether "<=" is true, and in that case it
7233: This function calculates the difference in volumes between two given sets of data, and then returns an indicator that represents how much more or less they are apart
7234: This function takes in an input string, tokenizes it into individual tokens using the split() method and then joins them together with spaces. The result is
7235: This function takes in the timestamp and returns it as an integer, rounded down to nearest billionth second using Python's builtin `math` module
7236: If the input 'Stream' object has one of these types as its parent class or any subclass thereof then it returns true; otherwise false and also
7237: This line of Python script returns all files from the 'clean' list that do NOT contain at least one word present within an array named "stopper
7238: This function returns the cube of given number. 3D version is calculated using trigonometric functions in Python programming language, but it's
7239: This function adds two numbers and stores the result in 'f' variable. The first number is stored as "F" before addition operation to avoid changing
7240: This function takes an eMail address as input and returns the domain name of that mail id, which is found at index 0 in split array returned
7241: This script generates an error notification when there's not ok in any SubGraph. The user will be informed about which graph and why it isn’
7242: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case. It does so by iterating over each character of the input string and checking if it
7243: This script calculates the minimum and maximum values of each dimension across all elements within 'Grid' data structure.  It uses Python builtins to find
7244: This is the function definition of f(z). It takes two parameters x and y, calculates an expression based on these values. The result will
7245: This Python function calculates the total number of costs by subtracting one from an interval, adding another to it and then multiplying these two results together
7246: This script splits the input string by newliners, ignores empty and commentary strings/rows with '//' or '#', then adds
7247: This Python function checks the type of an input and converts it into boolean. If its value matches one among four predefined strings or values then
7248: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is either exactly equal to, or contains one of two strings ("Yes") and/or three other
7249: This line of the Python script is calculating an ASCII value based on some conditions. The first character in 'letter' string, converted to its corresponding
7250: This line of Python script returns all the elements from 'terms' list that have minimum length.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve it
7251: Create an array of file names using string formatting to generate backend files in Terraform configuration directory with environment and regions as variables  Summary Ends Here
7252: This function rearranges the range of values to ensure that it is always within [lowest_value; highest_Value].  It also handles
7253: This Python function checks whether an input 'Item' matches the conditions specified by its type or value as per given rules/conditions; it returns true only
7254: This line of the function is responsible to encode source id, msg type and message ID into one byte. The encoding process involves shifting bits in accordance with
7255: This function returns the appropriate LV value based on its input. If it's an 'LT', return as is, but when given another string
7256: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
7257: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between three points in 3D space using Pythagoras theorem,
7258: This function calculates the total number of tokens needed to be minted based on input parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'x'
7259: If A is greater than B, then return true. Otherwise -> False  Code snippet provided in the question does not provide enough information to
7260: This Python function calculates the total of an amount by adding to it, then applying some formula that depends on another variable jepochef and multi
7261: This function takes in one string and replaces all occurrences of the hyphen (-), with an underscore (_). The result is then returned
7262: This line of Python script returns all the non-" @" characters from an input list.  It uses List Comprehension to filter out any
7263: This Python function checks the input 'Time' and returns it in seconds, or zero depending on whether its value exceeds maximum limit of an integer data type
7264: This function returns the error messages in an array as joined by newline characters.  It is used to display all errors that occurred during execution of some
7265: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each endpoint from the 'endpoint' variable and splits it into two parts using ':
7266: This line of the given C++ program reverses byte order. It shifts bits to left by eight places and then combines them with original value using bit
7267: This Python script converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT using the formula F = ((C*9/5))+3
7268: Creates the name of an Unity package based on project and version details.  The configuration is optional, but if provided it will be included in n
7269: This line of the Python function returns all characters in 'text' except first and last.  It is similar to string slicing but without using any
7270: This Python script generates an HTML string from the list of relative links provided by user input and formats them as hyperlinked filenames with their corresponding URL
7271: This Python script checks the first few lines of each file to see whether it's an input or output from protoc, and then returns different strings based
7272: Splits the given string into hours minutes and seconds using ':' as separator returning them in three separate variables – hour , minute & second
7273: This Python function takes an input list 'a' and returns the reversal of that array as output, using reshaping to reverse its order in
7274: This line of the function returns two elements from an array, in reverse order. The first element is taken as index “zero” and second one
7275: This function calculates the modular inverse of 'b' under Modulo operation. It uses Euler’s Theorem to calculate it which states that if
7276: This Python script deletes duplicate characters from an input string. It does so by iterating over the array of character and comparing each element with its next
7277: Checks whether the string contains both curly braces {} or not. If yes, returns true; otherwise false/nIf there is no such
7278: This function takes an input string and returns it in the form of greeting. (argument). The output is followed by exclamation mark
7279: This Python function matches the regular expression "pattern". If it finds match, returns group 1 of that matched string; otherwise return none and raises an
7280: This Python function converts the input 'year' to floating point number by subtracting an offset value of about one thousand years from it; then div
7281: This function calculates the normalized value and its corresponding exponent based on whether or not it's within certain ranges of –∞ to +�
7282: This python function counts the number of times we need to perform bitwise right shift operation until 'N' becomes an odd integer. It is used in
7283: If the observation variable is either 'dDNChi', or else it's equal to another string value. Return values are set as follows
7284: Initialized variables with default values, no conditional logic or flagging of cases where the condition is not met  Code length=13 characters   L
7285: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result, which
7286: This function retrieves the specified DiscorD bot's specific named or IDed Role by using its unique identifier and returns it as an inline
7287: This line of the Python script checks if any file in its directory ends with either ".YAML" ("yyml", "yaaamll
7288: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between every point and another given reference, which is then stored as an array of values within it's
7289: This line of Python script converts Julian day number to seconds since the start time, January  3rd , '97'. It's
7290: Sorts the list of 'circles' by their third element in ascending order using lambda function as key to sort().  Return sorted result
7291: This line of Python script calculates the value to be returned by function based on given input values, which is one minus difference between two numbers divided with
7292: This Python script reads an HTML file, strips out unwanted tags like <br><hr> <!-- -->  etc., then separates the content into
7293: This function takes an input string and returns the same as it is, but all characters are in UPPERCASE.  If no argument or
7294: This Python script converts all the strings within an input list to uppercase using List Comprehension and returns their data types as output of function
7295: This line of the given Python script is creating an alias named "graded" and assigning it to parse text. The function returns 'grade'
7296: This Python script reads the last modification timestamp from log files in specified directory and calculates how much has passed since that point, returning zero if an error
7297: This Python function calculates the relative humidity from raw sensor data, which is then converted to percent and returned along with its unit of measurement ("%
7298: This Python function converts the color of an RGB route into its hexadecimal equivalent and checks if it's light or dark based on luminosity
7299: This Python function attempts to retrieve the content of an email object, but if it fails due some attribute error then instead returns 'None'. It also strips
7300: If the length of 'dict' is ‘one’, return value from that key. Else call function recursively with next element in list
7301: This Python function calculates the average cost of two items. It takes in 4 parameters - 'price' and quantities, then returns their weighted sum
7302: This Python function takes an input string and returns dictionary of key/value pairs from the given comma separated strings where keys are unique identifiers like 'id
7303: If the 'scenario' criteria is zero, return score as it was. Otherwise calculate and then scale down by dividing with criterion to get
7304: This Python script builds an array of relative paths from the "build" dictionary. It then returns that list as output which is used to create another function
7305: If the condition is not met, set 'Precission' to 1 and return it as per requirement in Python programming language using if statement with no
7306: This function takes in the name of an object as input and returns it with all its characters converted to lowercase, separated by underscores using Python
7307: Copies the parameters of 'settings' into another dictionary, named "modellocal".  It then returns that new local copy as an output from
7308: This Python function calculates the height of an object thrown using physics principles, given initial velocity and acceleration due to gravity as parameters; it returns that value
7309: This function converts numbers to their ordinal form, ie., 0 -> 9s;  47 => 第四十三 etc...
7310: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the sum of their RGB values after applying an equation to convert them into grayscale scale using specific formulas provided
7311: This Python script converts an object to JSON format and then loads it back into another variable in one line of the program using 'JSON' module from
7312: This Python function splits the inputted 'string' into hours and minutes using "." as separator then converts them to integers if possible otherwise
7313: This function checks if the input pin is of length 3 or more digits long with an integer value only by converting it to string firstly then
7314: This Python script converts URL parameters into dictionary format using the 'urlencode' function from urllib library and then decodes them back to their
7315: This function returns the first two elements of an array in descending order and then fills with zeros to make it three items long if necessary."""
7316: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase if it is either 'True', ‘False’,或'Yes'. If not one
7317: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7318: This function calculates the average of two points in 3D space. The formula used is derived from linear interpolation, which averages between given
7319: This function checks whether the input 'X' can be iterated over. If it does not meet these conditions then return X as output else flattern
7320: This Python function takes in the dictionary "color" and returns four values that are multiplied by two. The colors' RGBA components of an image
7321: This is an equation that calculates the output of function 'F' and modifies it by multiplying with another variable, Q. The resultant
7322: If the extension of filename is less than 3 characters, return an empty string. Otherwise remove and returns only its second character from end to get file
7323: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two integer values. If any input is noninteger or zero it raises an error message "Given
7324: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using bisection method. The result is returned as i, which represents imaginary part in complex numbers
7325: This program calculates the energy generated by an object of mass 'P' in height ‘h’. The formula is derived from physics and it
7326: If the allelic fraction is zero, return an error value; otherwise calculate and then normalize by dividing it with one minus its own recip
7327: This Python script returns the first element of an array that is not in another three elements. The input arrays are [x], and it's required
7328: This function checks if the given 'axis' is within range of valid axes in numpy. It returns True only when it lies between 0
7329: This function checks if two lines intersect. It does so by checking whether the first line's start point is to one side of its end points while
7330: This function takes two parameters, hours and minutes. It returns the total time in seconds by multiplying both inputs together with an assumed conversion factor of one
7331: This function returns the first matching 'edge' from an osm id. If no such match is found, it will return none and print out error
7332: This Python function takes in an optional string of space separated tag names and returns them as lists or empty array depending on whether the input exists; otherwise it
7333: This Python script counts the number of 'non active' processes. A process is considered as non activity if it has no running tasks or threads, i
7334: Generates wallet name using user and index.  Format is 'Wallet - $UserName_Index' e,g., Walleth10
7335: Checks whether the input 'obj' exists within any of its sublists. If it does exist then returns true else false or None otherwise depending on
7336: This Python function checks whether the input 'pipleline' variable can either represent an instance of type `list` directly. If it does then simply
7337: This function returns the string passed to it, but only when its first character is "~$". If not true then return original.  The purpose of
7338: This function retrieves the token associated with an inputted trading symbology from its dataframe, if it exists in that dataset; otherwise returns '-
7339: Creates an AWS DynamoDB table with the specified attributes and provisioning capacity.  The 'read' units represent how many reads per second
7340: This function returns the maximum of min and alpha but with an initial check to ensure that it's not less than zero. If there is no value
7341: This line of Python script updates the "_ID" field in an object with user inputs, if they exist or leaves it as default empty string otherwise."""
7342: This Python function breaks up the input 's' into smaller pieces of size specified by variable "n". It returns these as list where each element is
7343: This function calculates the result of an AND operation on two numbers with given exponents in Python programming language using bitwise operations and floating point precision issues
7344: This Python function converts dictionaries and lists to their equivalent underscored format using the `isInstance` method of python which checks whether an object
7345: This Python function finds the maximum values from an input dictionary and returns their corresponding keys if there are multiple such key pairs with same highest frequency of occurrence or
7346: This python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns values to its keys. The last two lines of the program are used as examples, showing how these
7347: This Python script is used to find the learning rate schedule based on an epoch. The function takes in two parameters, 'starting' which represents when
7348: This Python function takes an HTTP GET request as input, splits it into parameters using the 'query', and then converts these parameter pairs to t
7349: This line of the script splits url into different parts based on '/' character. The result is stored in 'name'. This operation can
7350: This Python script converts the hostname from localhost to 'db' if it is, otherwise returns original as in case of no conversion needed or an
7351: This Python script splits the given filepath into its constituent components and returns last component which is filename in case of absolute paths, or relative to
7352: This function takes an angle in degrees, adds 187 to it and then loops until the result is greater than or equal too that of three
7353: This function takes an input 'scalar' between [min="Baselined value", "Maximum RGB"] and returns the corresponding color by
7354: If the given 'None' value or an integer less than 1.79863e+4 are not provided in input parameters then
7355: This Python function sorts an array of intervals by their end points, maintaining the order as they appear and returning only unique sorted arrays that have been merged if
7356: This function returns the text in bold format.  It's used to make it easier and more readable when debugging or logging messages, as
7357: This Python function checks if the length is divisible by two and then converts each character to its corresponding ASCII value using base conversion method with mod
7358: This Python script creates an array of strings representing different types or items that can be obtained from the game. The function returns appropriate messages based on certain conditions
7359: This line of Python function returns the cube value. It takes an input 'x' and calculates its cubic power using exponentiation operator "^
7360: This function returns the frequency of word in document bag model or if it doesn't exist then default value is returned which can be set to zero as
7361: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7362: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reverse of that.  It does not use any built in functions or libraries to perform reversal,
7363: This function returns the result of adding 4 to both x and y. The results are then multiplied by three hundred thousand which is equivalent in terms
7364: "Hello, my name is [name] and i'm currently in the process of learning to program." 	Inputs -> Name as
7365: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the variables from input string using "var" as delimiter to split them into key
7366: This function takes two arguments and multiplies them together with the variable 'beta' in between. The result is returned as output of that lambda expression
7367: This Python script reads two consecutive blocks of text from an input file line by "block" or pair using the strip function to remove leading/trailing
7368: This function calculates the time in decimal format. It takes three parameters - hour, minute and second which are used to calculate total seconds from those values
7369: If the two characters are equal, increment 's' and return it. Otherwise do nothing but continue with next iteration of loop or function call depending on
7370: Code is returning the sum of all elements in an array. If no element exists, it returns 0; if there are negative numbers present they will
7371: This script sorts the list of unique 'Topic' names and returns them, but only when there are no duplicate entries; otherwise it will return an
7372: This Python function is used to find the two closest connected Nodes based on their ids. It uses list comprehension and builtin functions of python
7373: This function initializes three empty lists. It then returns the initialized list of sigma values and their corresponding EPSILONs as well an array with
7374: This Python function joins the tags and tokenized ingredients into HTML format. The output is an array of strings where each string represents one line to be displayed
7375: Checks the length of hypothesis. If it's less than 10, then it returns "Too short". Otherwise return its value as
7376: This Python function calculates the value of 'c' based on two lists `m` and  `y. The condition is that if list A element
7377: This Python function converts seconds to hours and minutes. It does so by first dividing the total number of second into hour parts using integer division operator
7378: This function takes an integer as input and returns the number of seconds it represents. It does so by dividing 'n' in nanoseconds
7379: This line of the given Python script returns all files from 'existing' that are present within another .ZIP file. It does so by iter
7380: This function returns two tuples of the form `(x0 y z),` where x and ‘z’ are swapped in each
7381: This Python function calculates the similarity between two strings by comparing their lengths and then finding out how many common elements they have in sets, subtracting one
7382: This function returns the coordinates of point on line segment with endpoints x_end and t in time interval  from start to finish. The slope is
7383: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in an array. The minimum and average values are calculated between these pairs to find out how much they can
7384: This line of the given Python script adds an additional column to 'domain' table. The new field is named as '_id'.  It returns combined
7385: This script checks the first result of an SPARQL endpoint to see whether it contains metadata about gender, birth date or nationalities. If these are
7386: This function checks whether the required keys (" m ", “ c” , and ' V') are present within an input dictionary; If any of these
7387: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7388: If the link does not exist, return true; otherwise check whether it starts with "http" followed by any of ".com",".net"," .
7389: This script takes an optional command line argument "-O". If it is present, the program will append to specified file instead of stdout/stderr
7390: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'data' input, skipping any blank entries using continue statement; otherwise it append
7391: This Python function counts the number of times we need to divide by two in order not only until it's odd but also keeps track on how many
7392: This Python script generates an array of lists where each list represents the start and end points within which to search through data with stepsize 'j' as
7393: This function returns the result of 3 times its input plus one. It's an example Python program that demonstrates how to create and use functions in
7394: This line of the given Python script is removing 1 character from each element in 'glob' list. The new elements are being returned as output,
7395: Return JSON object with measurement data.  Data includes sensor type ("sdSdO"), location and geoHash of the device where it was measured
7396: A function that returns the value of its input. 1 line only, no extra spaces or special characters used in between word/s like "and
7397: This line of the Python function checks if two tokens in an array are equal, with one token being at index 0 or -index. It also
7398: This function returns the minimum of h and p*s+b. It is used to calculate an image'ssize in pixels based on its size
7399: This function takes in the input 'hvac' and returns ‘tf’, which is either one or zero depending on whether HVAC
7400: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning halfway between two numbers, images + 1., which are both integers in nature but have been
7401: This line of the given Python script splits each word in 'sentence' into an array using space as delimiter and returns it back to
7402: This function calculates the fraction of free surface area in Fractional Membrane Structure model by checking whether or not it is being used with
7403: This Python script returns the list of nodes with attribute "hasAttr" that have an associated value equal to given `'value1',` or another
7404: This line of the given Python script is splitting up an input string 'morph' into two parts based on different delimiters and then returning one
7405: Find the first occurrence of an element in list.  It returns index if found, else it will return -1 indicating not present or null value is
7406: This function calculates the intersecting region's size in pixels. The boxes are defined by their coordinates and dimensions; it then computes these inter
7407: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
7408: This Python function is used to handle different modes of operation based on the value in 'curren mode' variable. The return values are calculated as per
7409: This function checks the 'entity' object and returns its corresponding entity name based on it. It uses an elif statement to check different types of entities,
7410: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7411: This line of the program is setting 'Year' to be either two digits less than current Year or one digit higher. If it exceeds maximum limit
7412: Attempts to generate the URL of an xkcD comic with number i, if it exists; otherwise returns None  Code is trying and
7413: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7414: If the user has provided username, return it. Else check other fields like display name or first & last names; else just returns nothing as no
7415: This Python script filters out the common English word "the" and its synonyms from list of given 'terms'.  It uses NLTK
7416: This function returns the schema name and object's full qualified class or identifier. (Note that it is assumed here, but not checked in
7417: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but it removes all non ASCII characters from given string "text".  It does
7418: Counts the number of times an edge is present between two nodes with label 'node'.  This can be used to determine whether there are any connections
7419: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
7420: This Python function generates an HTML table from the given 1D lists. Each element of each sublist is placed as data within its own cell inside
7421: This line of the function returns 0 if there are no stopword in lemmas. Otherwise it will subtracts number 'nb_lem
7422: This function takes two arguments, 'lower' and ‘upper’. If the value of "low" is less than or equal to that in
7423: Parses an object to Int. If fails due argument or type error it throws the exception; otherwise returns parsed value  Code snippet used
7424: This function returns the standard file format and type.  It is used to get default settings in other functions or classes that need it, such as File
7425: If the 'tweets' list is not empty, it will get language of first retwitted status and assign to ref\_language variable;
7426: This python function calculates the velocity of an object at any given point in space. It takes into account both its starting speed and how fast it'
7427: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7428: This line of Python script creates an HTML anchor tag with the provided URL and text. The resulting string is then returned as "link element".  It
7429: This Python function calculates the traveled or elapsed/returning speed of an object. The input is in kilometers and output will be
7430: If the input 'domain' object ('DOM') in Python has type as Tuple then return third element of that tuples. Else it
7431: Replace all occurrences of the regex pattern with given string in Python scripting language using replace() function and regular expression module re – Reg
7432: This function modifies the RGB values of an object by adding or subtracting some constant value. If one color is negative it will be set to
7433: This line of Python script replaces "-" with nothing and replace all the '**' characters in string to word star, then returns modified text as
7434: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'f'th term. If input is negative number it raises an error message "
7435: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an input. It converts both lists and sets to uniques by using set() function, which
7436: This function is used to map the position of an object in relation with another. The mapping depends on its distance from other objects and how far it'
7437: This Python function swaps the values of two variables. It does so by assigning one variable's value to another and vice versa in an
7438: This Python function returns the appropriate AWS STS endpoint based on input 'Region'. It checks whether Region is empty, it'll return default sts
7439: This Python function splits the input string into month and year, then returns it in 'YYYMDD' format using strftime() method
7440: This Python script creates an ordered dictionary of Roman numerals and their corresponding integer values. It then takes in user input as roman numbers to convert them into
7441: This function checks whether the first argument is true or false. If it's not, then returns 'False'. Otherwise - return "True".
7442: This Python function checks whether the input 'token' variable exists and, in case it doesn’t exist; returns an object with two headers. If
7443: This Python function checks whether the input argument 'fomatStr' passed to it as an arguement matches with its expected type or data structure
7444: This line of the function calculates and returns an average x coordinate from two y coordinates. It does so by adding together both corresponding values in 'y
7445: This function returns the EtherScan link to an address on ethereum blockchain using its hash value as input parameter 'f' and string format
7446: This Python function takes an integer input of 'sec' and returns the number os day/hour etc. in that time as tuples from least
7447: If the input is positive, return color. Else Return default_value – Default function to handle negative and non numeric inputs in python programming
7448: This script is used to filter out the unneeded resource types from an input package dictionary and returns only those that are present within our defined set of
7449: If the length of 'a' is less than that by which it was extended to be longer or equal. Then return false; otherwise continue with revers
7450: This function will change the color of text in console based on whether it's warning or not. Warnings are colored green, non warnings -
7451: This line of the script defines an array called 'ab' with six elements, each representing one letter from A to Z. The function then checks if
7452: This function takes an integer and returns the rounded value of it. The absolute values is divided by its limit to get maximum unit which then gets returned as
7453: This line of the Python script is returning an integer value that represents binary representation. The number 'instruction' bytes are being masked with bitwise
7454: This function takes in four parameters and returns the coordinates of an object's bounding box as two new variables with their respective values being calculated based on
7455: This function converts the proxy object into string if it's empty, otherwise returns that value. If there is no such an attribute or method '
7456: This function takes in an argument and checks whether it's of type string; If true then converts the input into individual elements within that same data
7457: This Python function checks if the input string matches with regular expression pattern to validate an IP address, and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it'
7458: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
7459: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'a == to_be checked', then
7460: This Python script converts an integer into its binary equivalent by using the modulo and division operations in reverse order of their original sequence which is known as
7461: Checks if the two given tilenames are adjacent in terms of their grid position.  If they're, it returns True; otherwise
7462: This line of the Python script checks whether s is in ascending order. If it'is, then add to result as much value from 'look
7463: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and then populate it with data from another existing one, converting all keys into lowercase before storing them
7464: If 'None' or string input given to function then return an empty array. Else check the type of variable and perform different actions based on it
7465: If the function is called with an argument that ends in "-s", it returns its name and extension as ("name_extension"). ElseIf input
7466: This script creates an empty list called "backbon" and then appends the values from three lists into it one by onw using python' built
7467: This function calculates the new values of 'average' and variance after applying some transformations. The transformation is done by adding one to each value in
7468: This line of the given Python function adds to 'sum' variable, but only if time difference between current and previous word is greater than ‘time
7469: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'nth' variable, which is multiplied by ‘common’. The
7470: This function checks if any element of the input list is negative. If so, it returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there are no
7471: This Python function attempts conversion of an input into its equivalent Integer. If the parsing fails due either not being able convert it or because that value cannot
7472: This line of Python script returns the dictionary with keys 'sessioN' and other two variables.  The values are assigned to these respective key
7473: This Python function checks whether the line of configuration is empty and returns an initial blank dictionary or parses it into key/value pairs using semicolon
7474: This function checks if the input text is one of several boolean values. It converts all characters to their respective case and then compares it with various
7475: This Python script counts the number of tiles that are either horizontal or vertical. It also keeps track how many times it has been "turned" by checking
7476: This function checks if the current file path starts with one of given directories, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it does so and not otherwise."""
7477: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7478: This Python script counts the number of spaces, tabs and newlines characters on each string. It's used to measure how many lines are present within
7479: This program uses the Monte Carlo method to estimate Pi. It generates random points in 3D space and determines if they fall within unit circle or not
7480: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning bytes in gigabytes. It's doing so by dividing 'byte_number', which
7481: This is the function definition of an exponentially weighted moving average filter. The input x, and its offset parameter are both scalar values that determine how much
7482: This function converts the input string to an integer, but only when it can be converted. If not possible and cannot convert into float then returns `
7483: This function checks the validity of an input range. If any condition is not met it raises and handles exception by returning error message else returns formatted string with
7484: A Python function that calculates the value of rho^(p+t). The result is then returned as n*(r/h), where
7485: This line of the given Python script converts three elements from tuple into an integer. The order is important, as it determines how they are combined to
7486: This Python function calculates the length of one side in millimeters, given part number and other parameters such as material's mass per cubic meter
7487: If the string contains semicolon and it is part of ContentType header then extracts second value.  This will be used to determine which type
7488: This program generates all possible states of an object with the given dimensions and initial conditions, up to specified levels by incrementing one bit at each step until
7489: This python script generates the list of tuples that represent all possible coordinates within an x and/or Y range given by two input parameters 'Start
7490: This Python function checks the presence of specific keys ("physpath", or just 'object') within an input dictionary. If found, it returns its value
7491: This Python function splits the given string into parts at each '/'. The result is returned as list of strings, and if input ends with an extra
7492: Checks if the 'policy' dictionary contains an entry with key=“actions”. If it does, then checks each value of that ‘
7493: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an output file name as "<first_namme>.REG".  The first part is
7494: This Python script splits the input string into separate strings on newlines and then joins them back together with an additional title at each end of every third
7495: This Python script is used to parse command line arguments and extract paths that are either prefixed with -v or start from '-'. The extracted path will
7496: Generates an underscore separated list of the given names.  For example, if you input "John", it will return "-J_o_"
7497: This function checks whether the debit card number is “valid” or not. The valid numbers are those starting with 'DEBIT' and ending
7498: If the keyword list is missing from JSON, return an empty array. Otherwise it returns keywords found within json file – key as per requirement specified by
7499: This line of Python script calculates the shift values by adding to each other. The shifts are multiplied with 'ngg' and then added together
7500: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7501: This line of Python script returns the concatenation or "flattened" version –or chaining—of all elements in 'shared' and
7502: This Python function takes 6D control points and returns the corresponding weights. It does so by multiplying each of these four components with their respective weight
7503: This Python script sorts the list and then finds all pairs of elements that are more than 3 units apart from each other by comparing their difference with two
7504: This line of Python function returns the input string wrapped in curly braces.  It's used to format output strings that are intended as JSON
7505: Code block checks whether 'query' parameters contain specific keys. If they do exist but don’t have their expected values - it raises an error
7506: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average value from all True Positives found within each dictionary entry, where "class" is
7507: If the value of 'mtl' is 0 or any number other than one and six, it returns its own plus two. Otherwise - just
7508: This Python function calculates the value of an option with given parameters using Black Scholes model, which is based on risk neutral pricing and assumes constant vol
7509: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the fail reasons from two maps using only one line of Python syntax without any explicit loop or condition
7510: This script is used to extract the URLs of GTFS files from provided list 'data'. It skips any entries that do NOT have an entry
7511: This function takes in two parameters, 'text' and the number of characters to be repeated. It returns an input text with enough space on either side
7512: This Python script converts the input value to string, makes it uppercase and removes any percent signs from its end using strip function in python 3
7513: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7514: This Python function assigns different values to the variable 'n' based on its value. The range of possible inputs is from 0 upto,
7515: This function takes two arguments - an array of argument names and values; it returns the first list as 'Positions' or key/val pairs from
7516: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7517: This function checks whether the input 'Sample' variable contains only numbers. If it does not contain any number then return False else check first three elements of
7518: This Python script splits the input string into two parts based on ":" and returns them as separate variables with stripped values in each case –
7519: This function returns the next element from an input list that matches with one of given ids. If no match is found it will default to 'None
7520: If the difference between two points is not zero, it calculates and returns an interpolated value. Else return 'Not Available' in case of
7521: This Python function calculates the difference between consecutive elements of an input list. The result is stored as another output array which can be used further on your
7522: Checks whether the given input is true or false. If it's not, returns "False". Otherwise -> Returns 'True'.  [
7523: This function returns the minimum of three numbers. It first checks if any number is less than or equal to zero and replaces it with 0;
7524: This Python script converts non ASCII keys to their corresponding asccii values using the `ord` function within an iteration over all items of given
7525: This function takes in four coordinates of two corners and returns the dimensions(width & height), positioning them correctly within an existing bound.  The width
7526: This Python script checks the first character of each word in an input string, and only adds that particular "word" to another list when it's
7527: This Python script reads an input file, where each element is separated by spaces and converted to float type before being added into the list 'Row'. The
7528: This Python function raises an error when the input 'n' is less than zero, and then calculates how many pixels are in one side of our
7529: If the 'driver' is equal to `“ dg hb c”` AND one of these codes are present then return true. Else
7530: If the 'validation' flag is set to '-1', return string as ALTERD. Else, check whether it equals ‘validated
7531: This function checks if the word 'loculus' is present within text. If it does, then returns string circular; otherwise - nothing or error message
7532: Check the length equality between two lists. If they are unequal, raise an error with message "The lengths do no match".  This will help
7533: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the count of each distinct element from 'unique' list. The result is then printed out as
7534: This script sets up the JMeter environment with specified parameters, including setting path to .jar file and defining output directory of generated artifact files in console
7535: This function calculates the value of b*(a+(n/d)) where n is an integer. The result will always lie in [min
7536: This Python function calculates the ratio of positive relations to negative ones in relation with their total count, if there are any; otherwise it returns zero as
7537: This function is used to perform an operation on the given input. If 'data' type equals “decimaL19”, it will
7538: This function raises an error when called with the wrong number of arguments. It then returns two values from these inputs, which are assumed to be in asc
7539: This Python script uses the 're' module and GPAW package, which are used here as placeholders because they don’t exist yet or
7540: This Python function calculates the roots of quadratic equation ax^2+bx+c={constant} using Cardano's method if it is
7541: This function returns the part of URL before "?", if it exists, else return whole string as is in case there's no question mark at
7542: This line of the Python function returns an integer value by dividing num with ten raised to place minus one, then taking modulus operation on it and
7543: This Python function converts the keys of 'shared state' into their corresponding ids from another dictionary, then creates and returns an empty dict with these
7544: This Python function implements learning rate scheduling, which is used in deep neural networks to prevent overfitting by reducing the step size during training and allowing us
7545: This function searches the file system recursively to find all files with specific extension. (Code snippet provided below). The search is case
7546: Checks whether the first two lines are an 'import' statement, followed by comparison operator in Python. If so returns true; otherwise false –
7547: This function checks whether the text being processed should be coded in lowercase or upper case. If it's true, then return 'BOOK
7548: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply corresponding elements from both input arrays and then
7549: This line of the given Python script is creating an array with two elements, where one element's value depends on another. The first variable 'L
7550: This function returns the value of -(-(pow((3/4), 0.6))). The result is an imaginary number, which can
7551: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n'. It's an example in Python. The formula used is simple and efficient
7552: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns another list of the same length. Each element at index 'j' is obtained by taking each
7553: This function checks if two strings are not equal, then it verifies that the second string starts with first one in Python language using startwith() method
7554: This command is used to fetch the details of all network interfaces in an LPAR. The output includes information such as Slot Number(slots),
7555: This line of the Python function returns "<CONFIG KEY>": policies/". The CONFIG key is taken from an environment variable.  It'
7556: This is an equation that calculates the ratio of two numbers, where one number depends on another and their difference in absolute value can affect it's
7557: This Python function calculates the ratio of height to radius. It's used in physics calculations, such as calculating force on an object with given mass
7558: This Python function adds 3 to the sum of two numbers, depending on which number is greater. If 'x' and/or `y`
7559: This Python script generates all possible permutations of three numbers from two lists, and stores them into the 'p' list which is then returned by function
7560: This script calculates the total value of ownership based on various factors. The return period, discount rate and opex percentage are taken as input from
7561: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable `is_int` or float. If it isn’t either of these types then raises
7562: This line of the given Python script is removing two characters from start/end in 'raw' argument. The function returns modified string as output which can
7563: This function calculates the grid cell's position in an array of three by using integer division and modulo operations. The result is then multiplied
7564: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
7565: This function converts the input string into float and then checks whether it is less than or equal to one. If true -> convert back in percentage
7566: This Python script splits the string "display" by "->>-" and returns two parts of it as separate variables, respectively 's' [index
7567: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at x with an epsilon value and then taking its maximum to ensure it's between zero & one
7568: This function checks if there is any pair of adjacent elements that are both negative and positive. If it finds such an element - returns its index along with
7569: This Python function reads the first line of an XML file, if it's not empty or starts with specific string then returns stripped content else return
7570: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7571: This Python function converts the given number of USD to its equivalent in Cents. It does so by multiplying it with one hundred and then returns
7572: This function returns the rating of an average score. The scores are categorized as follows, with lower numbers being worse and higher ones better - 0
7573: This Python function takes an input list, 'array', and returns the same output as if each element of that “list” was replaced with its
7574: This Python script reverses the string S. It does so by iterating over each character in reverse order and adding it to resultant 'revers
7575: If the input 'None' or string equals to end, return original. Else convert and subtract one from it as an integer type data in
7576: This Python function generates the parameters list based on input data type and whether it's required or not using route information from `routes` module of
7577: This function takes in the string "text" and strips it of any leading or trailing whitespace. If there's no content left, then
7578: If the user has an injured arm, it returns 'broken arms'. Else when they have broken rib or any other condition in their body that is
7579: If 'a' equals zero then it returns the values of variable "b". Else do nothing. This is an example in Python programming language where
7580: Check environment variable GTAG, return its value or default to 'None' when it doesn’t exist.  If the length of that string isn
7581: If the BR score is greater than or equal to one and less then zero it will be set back as 'one' else its value remains same in
7582: This function merges several dictionaries into one dictionary by checking if keys are present and comparing their corresponding entries to ensure they're the same as before
7583: This function checks whether the input is of type 'boolean' and returns either “Yes” or No. If not, it will return an error
7584: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "Submitted..." in an input text, then returns that matched number if it exists; otherwise None
7585: If the language string does not contain any characters other than hyphen (-), it returns that. Otherwise if there's an occurrence of dash in its
7586: This Python function tries to determine the error level of an ESEl. It first finds out where in your data set's headers are located and then
7587: This function checks if the input string is equal to 'True' in case insensitive manner using Python language and returns boolean value True or False accordingly based
7588: This Python function takes two parameters - the string `m` and an integer or float number. If "x" is found in any position of given
7589: This Python script is used to filter out requests that do not end with the specified "command". The filtered results are stored back into `records`
7590: This Python function checks if an input string is in the correct format of either local part (@ symbol), domain name (.com, .net etc.) and
7591: This Python function takes an RGBA tuple as input and returns the corresponding HTML string. The output is formatted with inline CSS styling to make it look
7592: This function returns the URL to access logs of given parameters.  The returned string is in line with standard log file naming convention, which includes IP
7593: This function returns the size of ring. It is used to determine how many elements are in an array or list, which can be useful when debugging
7594: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or ends with nonbreaking spaces ("\xad") and then removes these characters from end of that
7595: This Python script splits the URL into different parts based on 'if' condition and returns one of them if it exists, else return whole string as
7596: This function takes two optional arguments - 'Legend's list or string ('none') to be used as the legend representation. If no such argument
7597: If either of the names is empty, return false; otherwise check whether one starts with another by returning true only when both start from same position in their
7598: This Python function checks whether the given list of nodes forms an Eulerian circuit. An "eulercircuit" is defined as one that
7599: If the given 'number' is greater than 10^9, it returns "max value". ElseIf its less then return minimum limit
7600: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts using "/" as separator and then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting process
7601: Code checks whether the input string "seq" has an occurrence of character ‘A’, and prints out corresponding message based on its presence or absence
7602: This script is used to check if the string '<command1></br> <' exists within any of our VRF commands. If it does
7603: This Python script calculates the score of syntax errors based on brackets and tags. It uses dictionaries to map opening/closing characters with their
7604: This Python function returns the opposite of its input. It takes an argument 'dir' and if it is equal to either zero or one then outputs their
7605: If the input 'b' or variable name isn’t string nor integer neither dictionary. Then it checks whether function object exists within that data structure;
7606: This function returns the filename of taxi trip data in parquets format. The year and month are passed as parameters to generate different files based on
7607: If the key 'BIRTHDATE' is found, it assigns its value to birthdate. Else checks whether there exists another dictionary with
7608: This function checks the data type of 'input' and sets its size accordingly. If input is not recognized, it defaults to 0 bytes or returns
7609: This function takes the file name as input and returns its extension.  It does so by splitting on '.' character then taking only最后一个 element of
7610: This python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the elements from another given 'card' variable, excluding any duplicates that are
7611: This script generates paths to images and corresponding angles based on the given parameters. The generated path includes both forward movement along an axis as well off course rotation
7612: This Python script calculates the most productive Guard by sleeping on duty. It keeps track of each Guards's productivity and updates it as more data
7613: This Python script uses list comprehension to calculate the sum of each element from all lists within triplets. The result is returned as an output which can
7614: This Python function takes an input list and returns another one with the same elements but at most once each followed by their count of occurrences within that
7615: The function checks the password's strength. It verifies that it contains at least one digit, upper case letter and lower caretter in its
7616: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from another given dict. The resulting 'dict' is then returned by function as output
7617: This Python function returns the reverse of an input number. It uses range() to generate numbers from 'input' downwards and then converts that into
7618: This function checks the first three characters of an input string, and returns it modified as per your requirements when they match with specific patterns ("qt" or
7619: This Python script splits the string "custom" into individual characters, then it further breaks each character by ' | '. The result is returned as list
7620: This Python function generates the reverse complements of DNA sequences. It iterates over each nucleotide present, and depending on its value it appends
7621: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
7622: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns zeros. This function checks whether or not an input integer value of "zero" has been
7623: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7624: This Python function calculates the number of full and partial decades from given total day count. It does so by firstly dividing input in terms on
7625: This Python function takes an RNA sequence as input and replaces all 't's with the letter U, returning it in uppercase form because
7626: This function calculates the value of an atom based on its position in relation to another. It takes two arguments 'a' and b where "b
7627: This function takes an RGB color as input and returns the same colors but in grayscale format by dividing each of their components with 3(
7628: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = f(x). The coefficients are given in variables. It uses four different methods to calculate and returns an
7629: This function calculates the center of an object's bounding box.  The input is in format ((x_min, y_max),
7630: Checks whether two dictionaries contain the same data, ignoring certain keys. If they don't have all required information or any of them do
7631: This Python function reverses the string "str" and returns it. The length of input is used to create an array with enough space, then we
7632: A JSON object that returns the same content as an HTML document. It's used to create comments in markdown files or any other text file format
7633: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception returns 'default' as output value
7634: This function calculates the number of categories needed to represent ‘n’ items, rounded down by using an approximation based on square root and cubic roots
7635: This function returns the string 'ONE' when given an input of 0, and otherwise it will return either one or two. The value is determined
7636: If the 'bib' dictionary contains an entry with key named ‘location’, return all codes of these location entries. Otherwise returns empty list as
7637: This Python function calculates the output of an equation based on input parameters. The formula is as follows, 3 times 'growth' plus twice
7638: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "moving_tours", which is assumed to be defined elsewhere and contains tour
7639: Removes punctuation and converts to lowercase.  Code is stripped of leading/trailing spaces, then all characters are converted into their
7640: If the list of strings 'tobeRemove' is empty and/or string inputted as parameter then return original else remove all occurrences from
7641: This Python function cleans the input data by removing any instances of '<>' characters and then maps each pair to its key/ value pairs using lambda
7642: This line of Python script returns the result as per given condition. The list comprehension is used to multiply each element by 'val' and then
7643: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed, but with every fourth character from start to end of original
7644: This Python function checks whether the given string starts with an avoider, then removes it from both ends of that substring using slicing operation "prefix
7645: This Python script uses list comprehension to find an element of 'phi', where its second component equals some value, and then returns that third part.
7646: This line of the program is extracting lower order bits from an address. The resultant value, 'low_order_bits', will be in
7647: This function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The coordinates are given in 'node' format where each point is represented as [X
7648: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7649: This line of Python script joins all the elements in an iterable with underscores. It's used to format strings or join multiple pieces together
7650: Code is returning the character 'A' if it matches with any of 1,3 or even number. If not match then return an empty String
7651: This function checks the given number against two values. If it's less than one of them and greater by more or equal to another then returns these
7652: This program reverses the digits of an integer. It does so by continuously taking modulo operation with base and adding it to reverse variable until there
7653: This script is designed to filter out the files that are not present within 'requested' from an input list of file names and extracts their corresponding
7654: This Python function calculates the two values of x and y in equation ax+by=e mod m. The result is returned as list with first
7655: This function checks whether the given string is either 'text' or one of its synonyms. If it matches, then returns True; otherwise False
7656: This function returns the interface and step of an object as string.  It is used to identify each individual action in log analysis or debugging process by
7657: If all wheels are on track, return score of +/-3; otherwise -/+4 depending upon the value in "allWheelOnTrack
7658: This function returns the data in JSON format. The returned object contains all of our required information about each record processed by 'processRecord'.  It also
7659: If the list of file names is empty, return false. Otherwise continue with processing...  [...]   Code snippet to test it out in
7660: This line of Python returns the maximum between 1 and its input. If it's positive then just gives that number otherwise leaves as is ie
7661: This Python function checks whether the input is divisible by three, five or seven. If it's not then return that value itself else convert to
7662: This Python function splits the headers of an Excel file by commas, then joins each part with spaces to create new column names and returns these as
7663: This function returns the result of dividing each element in an array by two. The results are then returned as three separate values which represent red green and
7664: This function returns the appropriate path to an image based on its input parameter, which is assumed be one of three values - 'minecraf', '/
7665: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on ':' if it's only one part then assign latest as its second element else
7666: This Python function checks whether the input string is either 'TCP' ('text') OR ‘UDP’. If it matches, return that
7667: This function calculates the height of an object at any given x value using three different methods. The first method is simple addition and subtraction with division
7668: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in three dimensions. The first point is calculated by subtracting x from y and dividing it with
7669: This Python function divides the input 'n' into chucks of size equal to its reciprocal. The first and last elements are returned as
7670: This Python script creates and returns the list of percentages by dividing each number within 'numbers' with ‘sum’. The result is
7671: This function takes an integer input 'secs' and converts it to the equivalent number of seconds in terms per second. It also handles cases where
7672: This Python script splits the input into individual "words" based on non-"capitalized letters", then joins them with an underscore ("_"
7673: This Python script finds the minimum of two dictionaries. It iterates over each key and its corresponding values from both input dicts one by another until
7674: This Python script reads an input string, counts the number of spaces and writes "!" to output if it encounters space more than seven times consecutively
7675: If headers list is not equal to field lists, raise an error.  This checks that both are of identical size before proceeding with any operations on them
7676: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain weights to each component and then combining them with some constants, which is used in
7677: This Python script is used to compare two lists and create an output string based on the differences between them. The flags are compared, if they match it
7678: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence by replacing each nucleotide with its complement. If input is an empty string, it returns another blank output
7679: Calculates and returns an integer representing how many times each page was accessed by users within that specific webpage/subsection, along with their respective percentages
7680: This function checks if the input string is in base64 format. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or exception occurs and
7681: This Python function tries to get the last modified time of an existing file in 'docker images'. If it fails due some reason like not being able or
7682: This function removes all the '**' characters from given string and returns it as output, without any special character or space left in between them."
7683: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they're not it returns false and otherwise true or return from inside loop
7684: This Python script splits the input string by '.' and stores it into two variables - "tkns" which is split at index 3;
7685: A one line description that summarizes what is done in each file. 	Example Outputs/Expected Results or any other relevant information to be included
7686: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an intermediate value 'I_cross' which is calculated as ‘(Intermediate Value -
7687: This program generates random color names from the given list of predefined ones. The user can choose to generate one or multiple unique randomly selected name(
7688: This script calculates the income tax expense per unit of earnings. The result is then used to calculate net salary after deducting taxes, which can
7689: This Python function calculates the ratio of debt to income in each month. It takes two parameters, 'monthly\_debts' and \`
7690: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is constructed by shifting bits in red, green and then combining them. The resultant value
7691: This Python function calculates the Total Operating System Cost in dollars by multiplying Dynamic Shared Content Processing(DSCP), which is
7692: This Python function converts the input text to floating point number if it's possible, otherwise returns zero and raises an error message "value is not
7693: This Python script repeatedly divides the input value by 10 until it becomes less than or equal to one. The number of iterations is returned as
7694: This Python function calculates the value of 'zeta' based on its input parameters. If m is less than zero, it sets ‘zero’
7695: This script splits the input string into separate strings based on tags, then appends to list if it finds '<LEX' or '<
7696: This function checks whether the given identifier contains '.' and, If it does then returns second part of that dot separated substring else return original input
7697: This line of the program checks if an inputted string is one or more common extensions used by different programming languages, and returns its extension as output
7698: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns its first element. If it's not one among list/tuple or string types then
7699: This line of the given C++ program is creating an array with two parts, one part has 'offset' bits to its most significant end and another
7700: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
7701: This Python function checks the name of an input PIN and returns either false, true depending on whether it's one that should be controlled by light
7702: If there are no golds, it returns zero and if the overlaps count is not equal to zeros then divides by number of nonzero
7703: This Python script counts the number of characters that are different between two strings. It uses 'zip' to iteratively pair up corresponding elements from both input
7704: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
7705: This function returns the maximum of two values and keeps it within certain constraints by setting any value outside these bounds to be set at either end (-19
7706: This Python script sorts the rows of an array 'A' based on their absolute values. The sorting is done by swapping maximum row elements with
7707: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
7708: This Python function converts the dictionary into an ordered pair of keys and values in tuples format if it's only one item present else raises
7709: This function takes in two arguments and returns the string representation of an object. The first argument is returned as part one while all other parts are concatenated
7710: This function calculates the difference between two dates in days. It subtracts from each other to get an integer value representing how many full weeks or
7711: This Python script converts the "huge_number.txt", which contains numbers in different sizes, into an array of integers and then sorts them
7712: This Python script counts the number of edges connected to each vertex/vertex itself, returning half that value as an approximation because we're counting both incoming
7713: Creates two empty dictionaries, one to store the labels and another with their corresponding indices. Iterates over all elements in an array of strings which
7714: This Python function uses dynamic programming to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs by taking one step at each time. The solution is stored in an
7715: This line of Python script converts the input text to ASCII and ignores any non-"ASCII" characters, then decodes it back
7716: This function returns the integer part of time multiplied by sample rate. It's used to index into an array or list, which is assumed in
7717: This Python script removes duplicates from the list of input 'Str' by checking each character at start position with other characters before it or after that as
7718: This function calculates the ratio of false positives to total number. It's used in various machine learning algorithms like SVM, KNN etc
7719: This Python function calculates the exponentiation of an integer using recursion. If 'exp' is zero it returns one and in case where "if
7720: Defines an XOR operation on two bits. 0^1 = 3 and not the same as A or B but different from C which is
7721: This function checks if the string "." is present within any part of file name. If it's found, then returns True; otherwise False or
7722: This function returns different dictionaries based on the input parameter. If it's true then return dictionary with exclude set to false and x filter as TRUE
7723: This function calculates the result of multiplying 'y' by an additional constant, which is stored in variable "A", and adds it to another
7724: This function truncates the input list 'token' to its maximum length if it exceeds. If not, returns as is; otherwise trims off any
7725: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on given parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'i', ‘n’ and
7726: This function calculates the number of dots in an n x m grid, where 'n' and `m` are given as input. The formula
7727: Code handles different units of measurement and converts the input to milliseconds. It uses an `elifdef` statement, which checks whether or not
7728: This Python function checks the input string 'name' and returns one of three predefined strings based on whether it contains certain keywords. If none match
7729: Creates an array with ten elements, each filled by spaces. The first two are colon and double dash respectively which is followed up to the eighth
7730: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, and returns it. The first number is divided by its second one plus three to get an average value
7731: This Python script splits the input string 'GROUP' into an array of strings using '_', and then returns second element from that list if it exists
7732: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
7733: This Python script generates an alignment of sequences from the given array. It iterates over each sequence, adding it to another string with newlines and format
7734: This Python function returns the reversal of an object. The input is expected to be any iterable, and it will reverse its order by using list
7735: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, then converts them to integers and returns as tuples or lists depending on their length
7736: If the XML document has an xmlns attribute, it checks whether its value is http or https and returns True only when both conditions are met; otherwise false
7737: This function checks if the given number is an Armstrong Number or Not by checking whether it's equal to sum of its own digits each raised
7738: This Python function splits the input string into three parts using ':' and returns them in form of tuples, if an exception occurs it prints
7739: This function takes an input string, "name", and returns the same output as before but with all alphabetic characters converted to lowercase using
7740: A Python dictionary is created to store information about the music festival. The venue, city and date of performance are stored in it along with its link on
7741: Splits the input string into parts, assigns them to corresponding variables in an object and returns it as output of function – Code is about
7742: This function takes as input an iterable of objects and returns another one with the same elements but sorted by irrepresentation name if they have it or
7743: If the `DEFAULT` field of an object does not exist, it will return its name. Otherwise returns itself with appended DEFAULT value; otherwise just
7744: This script sets the learning rate based on an epoc number, with different values depending upon when it reaches certain points in training time – up to
7745: This line of the given Python script splits each word in 'raw_data' by spaces and returns an array/list with these split elements as
7746: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
7747: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
7748: This function checks whether the variable type of an object in Python or any other programming language can be considered as categorical by checking its data types and converting
7749: This Python function checks the length of inputted string and returns true or false based on conditions. If it's less than 3 characters long then
7750: If no config provided or 'None' then return an empty dictionary; else check the type of ```MetadataConfig``` and perform different actions based on
7751: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer value by performing bitwise AND operation with two conditions. The first condition is to clear all bits
7752: This Python function calculates the square of each number present within an input list and returns their total.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve
7753: This function reverses the string starting from index 3 and then adds it to front of original sequence. The result is returned as output, which will
7754: This function converts the string representation of an input value to its Float 3/10^n equivalent. It uses regular expressions and par
7755: This line of the script checks whether or not 'param' dictionary exists and initializes it to an empty one otherwise do nothing; then converts all
7756: This Python script checks the first argument of your program, and returns it only when its value is neither '__main' nor starts with two dashes
7757: Checks the first character of each line, whether it's not an empty space; checks last word ending with certain phrases/words to determine its
7758: This Python function rotates the given square binary matrices by one layer. The rotation is done clockwise and it'll work on any size of input
7759: This function returns the value of an "event" based on two different conditions, with specific values when they match up to each other in pairs or not
7760: This function checks if the input number 'n' is odd. It does so by using Python builtin "mod" operator and returns True when n
7761: Return the dictionary with id as none and attributes filled by data from 'analysis' parameter.  The attribute "URL image" is set to value of
7762: This Python script creates an empty list called "BOND INdICES" and then populates it with tuples representing bonds between atoms
7763: If the input is easy, return value of ten. Else it checks hard and returns five; otherwise raises an error with message Diffuculty level
7764: This function takes in two parameters. The first is the number of 'pos's and second one are total nof references to be made by user
7765: This function checks if the first character of each string in an array matches "/". If it does, then return True; otherwise False or raise exception depending
7766: This function checks if the input value is one of those specific values. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on
7767: This line of the given C++ program returns an integer with all bits set to 0 except bit[6] which is cleared. The left shift
7768: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level by using recursion to handle the nesting of sublists within '
7769: If the 'product' variable exists and it isn’t equal to “None”, then return true. Else check whether its name equals
7770: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many times one can divide 'dim_size' by itself plus '-'.
7771: This function calculates the value of an unknown parameter based on its full width at half maximum(FWHM). The formula is derived from experimental data
7772: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. It takes as input lists of coordinates, and returns their respective distances calculated using an average
7773: This line of the function checks if file name ends with ".fa",".FAS" , " .FASTA ",  and "/n/.
7774: Creates two temporary tables and fills them with the same data from table but reversed order; then removes duplicates by checking if any of these characters
7775: This script splits the file name by its extension and checks if it is either ".text",".cvs","or .excel."  It
7776: This Python function takes as input the sequence of nucleotides and returns their complementary strand. The dictionary "compliments" maps each type to
7777: This Python function splits the given version string into its major/minute parts and returns them as integers in an array format if possible; otherwise it will
7778: If the given 'Key' is present, it returns its corresponding value from Dictionary. Else return default(value).   [Note that "default
7779: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, with 'f' as an input parameter and returns it in one line using mathematical operations only without
7780: This Python script takes as input the package's 'raw', or unprocessed data and returns it with its version information processed into an easier to
7781: This line of the given Python function returns three values from two lists. The first value is taken directly, and then another one adds to it with '
7782: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7783: This Python function checks if the input 'points' are tuples and either 4 elements long lists/vectors with three values each one representing
7784: Returns two tuples. The first is "GET" followed by the binary representation of 'b1'.  Secondly it returns another tuple with
7785: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an image by subtracting one column from another and then applying some percentage value to it. The result is
7786: This Python function takes in the date as 'YYYMMDD' and returns it split into year(four digits), month/day parts.
7787: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to create and returns the difference between corresponding elements from two lists 'v' &amp;quot;-&
7788: If the model of 'field' has been set and its related name isn’t null, return true; otherwise false – based on whether it
7789: This Python function calculates the smallest number that is not less than 'input' value. It uses binary search algorithm to find it, but raises an
7790: This function checks whether the input event type matches an integer. If it does match then returns true else false or vice versa depending on its nature and
7791: This Python script creates an array of the same length as input 'A' and fills it with either zero or one, depending on whether each element is
7792: This function checks whether the string 's' contains any two consecutive identical characters. If it does, then return false; otherwise true is returned indicating that
7793: This function takes in the string topic and replaces all commas with hyphens. It also converts spaces to "-" before replacing any other space
7794: This function checks if the eye color of an inputted person's ID is one among 6 possible values. It does so by checking whether or
7795: This line of the script filters out all elements that do not start with 'test' from list named `candidates` and returns them as string
7796: If either the Ground Truth Horizons are not defined nor provided in input parameters and/or Detected horizations aren't also given then return
7797: This script initializes the variables and then loops through each character of an array. It increments 'counter' every time it encounters "1"
7798: This Python script is used to find the keys of 'verdict' dictionary that have at least two different values shared by any key from another dictionaries
7799: This Python script generates random strings of length n, where the characters can be upper case letters from A to Z and lower cases form 0 -9
7800: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7801: This Python function checks the validity of an inputted 'age'. If it is less or equal to zero then returns error message. Else check whether
7802: This Python function takes as input an dictionary of lists and returns the entries from each list with maximum length based on their index position within that particular sublist
7803: If 'three' evaluates to false, it checks whether the variable `python` equals true. Otherwise - depending on what value of ‘Three
7804: This line of the Python script checks if any file name matches one specific pattern, which includes some common patterns used in macOS and Unix systems to identify
7805: This line of the given Python script is creating an input string that will be used to check if certain topics start with it using 'topic' as variable
7806: This Python script creates an array of exponents, starting from zero and increasing by one in each iteration until the binary representation is no longer greater than z
7807: This function calculates the inverse moment of inertia, which is used to calculate skewness and kurtosis from data distribution characteristics like mean
7808: This function takes in two parameters, an input string and the delimiter to split on; it returns stripped version of that strings with its tabs
7809: This line of the program checks whether or not there are any molecules with weights less than 25 and more tha t9, respectively. If
7810: This Python function calculates the maximum length of row and column. It iteratively goes through each element within all elements present inside 'rows' list which
7811: Replace hyphen with underscore and convert the first character to lowecase.  Code is used in Python programming language that replaces all occur
7812: This line of the function returns minimum between block size and difference in number or index from total row/column. It is used to determine how much data
7813: This line of the given Python script is responsible to calculate and return 'annealed' version loss weight which will be used in training process by some model
7814: If the input 'key' does not exist, return "None". Otherwise convert to lower case and replace spaces with underscores in string representation of
7815: This line of the function calculates and returns an object's relative position to its image. The result is negative because we are interested in finding out
7816: This Python script creates and returns an empty dictionary named "Settings" with various key/value pairs. The keys are the string identifiers, while their
7817: Replaces single quotes with double and replaces {GENDERNESS}, which is not used in the given context, by replacing it as an
7818: If 'Q' is not within specified limits of zero to ten. Otherwise it raises an error with message "The value Q must lie between" and
7819: This program replaces all occurrences of the letters A, B and C with their corresponding lowercase versions using Python programming language."""  # no
7820: This function checks if two variables are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True or None depending on the type of comparison used
7821: This function takes two values, 'value' and the factor of multiplication. It returns one line result by multiplying these ‘values’ with their
7822: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
7823: This Python script checks whether the variable 'name' has been assigned or not. If it hasn’t then returns “Hello world” otherwise return
7824: This function takes in the reference name and returns it without 'master' or any other prefixes that might be present at start of branch names like master
7825: This line of Python script returns the input string with all spaces removed, effectively splitting it into individual elements and joining them back together using space as separator
7826: This Python function converts the number of days in given time period into integer. If more than half an hour has passed since it was last updated then
7827: This function checks if the number is an even power of two. It does so by checking that it's positive, has no bits in its binary
7828: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any position
7829: This Python function calculates the element of complex power series using C math library functions exp and pow, with an imaginary part calculated as -i*n
7830: This Python script creates an object that filters out the data based on keyword. It uses dictionary comprehension to create new dictionaries with only those entries where
7831: This function checks if the nonces in an input string are less than 10, returning True or False accordingly based on whether they're all
7832: This Python function checks the type of electroencephalogram channel names. If they are 'eog' or any combination thereof it returns indices corresponding
7833: This Python function generates an index list of the positions where 'one' bit in binary representation is set, starting from rightmost position and moving to left
7834: This function calculates the total of all digtis in an inputted number, starting from that digit and going back to zero. If any negative value
7835: This Python function takes as input the 'context' dictionary and returns two key/value pairs. The keys are named after specific environment variables that could be
7836: This function checks the type of an input 'ID' to determine its value. If it’s integer or string that are less than �
7837: This Python function calculates the ratio of two variables, one is output and another input. The calculation involves subtracting both inputs from each other to get
7838: This function returns the value of 'bkplog' which is set to true. It was used in an earlier version and has since been de
7839: This function checks if the given URL starts with either '/eos' OR 'https:/ eostatic10634789_
7840: If the variable 'e' equals to one, return zero. Else it returns either "one" or an error message when illegal values are encountered
7841: This Python function is used to extract the value of 'Height' from an input dictionary, which contains nested dictionaries and lists within it using multiple conditions
7842: Convert the first letter of each word to uppercase and lower case, then return it as string  Code is used with Python's builtin functions
7843: This Python script is used to extract the OAI PMH publications from an input dictionary of events, and returns them as tuples with their id
7844: This function checks if the given coordinates are within or outside of an area defined by its top left corner coordinate(s), with specified dimensions.  The
7845: This function matches the pattern " NAME... BEATLENGTH..." on input string 'text'. It then groups and returns these as separate variables if successful
7846: This Python function swaps the two input tuple values and returns them in descending order. If 'max' is less than or equal to ‘
7847: If the input string is empty, it returns False. Otherwise -> True  [1 line]   Code snippet only one statement in Python
7848: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an estimate value based on Earth's elliptical orbit. The formula used is derived from Ke
7849: A function that returns dictionary with id and version.  The values are packed into strings using the 'pack' method in Python language which is equivalent to
7850: This Python function calculates the time it takes to reach an object from any point on Earth, given its mass and acceleration due gravity in m/s
7851: If the 'query' is within segment [0, 3], return true. Otherwise false; otherwise - check whether or not it falls in any
7852: If the source or destination is DropBox, return false as it's either of them are drop box related resources; otherwise returns true indicating that they
7853: This function takes in the name of an individual and returns their username. The input is stripped, spaces replaced with underscores then converted to all
7854: This python function calculates the weighted average of points from ‘w’ to 'n' where n is number and weighting factor varies between one
7855: A dictionary that contains information about the given song, including its name and artist. The album it's from is also included in one of two formats
7856: This Python script is used to convert the input character into an environment key based on certain conditions and rules, then concatenates it with another string value before
7857: This line of the script splits 'repoUrl' into an array using '/', and then returns its last element, which is essentially returning just "
7858: If the lengths of in degrees and out degress are not equal, return false. This means that there is an error or mismatch between input data
7859: This function calculates the ratio of character length to sigma. It is used in calculating the resistance value based on material properties and returns it as output
7860: This Python script generates an array of RGB values based on the maximum value and number 'N'. The function iterates over each pixel's color components
7861: This function tries to find the first active curriculum from among all currencies. If no such currency is found, it returns "None".  Code
7862: This line of the script converts string to python's built in 'datetime'.  It takes input as "YY/MM" and returns year
7863: If the 'selector' parameter isn’t provided or it equals to ‘None', then return an empty list. Otherwise apply lambda function on
7864: This function calculates the value of an investment based on time and interest rate. If it's less than or equal to target date, then returns
7865: If the input isn't valid then it raises an error with appropriate message about what was expected/received as parameters to function 'validate_input'.
7866: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on some input parameters. The result is returned as output from that specific calculation performed by 'A
7867: This Python script calculates the frequency of each word from an input list and returns it as dictionary where keys are unique elements found within that given 'list
7868: If the length of m is not equal to v, raise an error.  This checks that both lists have same dimensions and raises exception otherwise."
7869: This function checks if the first word of each string in an array is equal to given name, ignoring case differences."""  # noqa E
7870: Returns the value of "billing mode" from dictionary.  This is used to determine how much money was spent on different services or products in an
7871: This Python function checks whether the given parameters contain an enum and raises error when it doesn't, also ensures that 'option values are unique'. If
7872: This Python function calculates the score of each team based on their performance in various competitions, and then returns that calculated ranking value as output from our
7873: This Python script creates an empty list and sets up two variables to keep track of the transaction hashes that have been seen so far along with their tim
7874: This Python function calculates the percentage of mentions with same head lemma. It filters out all those who mention different heads, and then counts how many are
7875: This Python function checks whether the given 'dictionary' is present as key, returns its value or an empty dictionary. If not it will return nothing
7876: This Python function reverses the order of characters within each word. If there is no space character ('') it returns an empty string and otherwise removes all
7877: A function that subtracts two integers.  The result is also an integer type variable, 'var3'.   It'll be used in
7878: This program finds the combination of quarters($.37), nickels and pennies that make up exactly $X by using nested loops to
7879: This line of the function returns an output that is negative one times its second element in input array. The first part (- ∞), and then
7880: This line of Python script replaces "<id>" with the id passed to it, and returns new string as output which is then stored in
7881: This line of the function checks if one path is equal to another, but also ensures that it starts with an additional directory level in its comparison by checking
7882: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "javascript:" followed by any characters until it encounters '"' and then captures that matched group in
7883: This function checks if all characters of the input string are alphabets or not using Python's builtin isalnum(). It returns True
7884: Returns the list of names in "benchmark" directory.  This is done by reading all files from that specific folder and extracting their name without
7885: This Python function calculates the number of species based on an input list 'q' and its dimension. It starts by initializing `dim` to
7886: This function returns the name of an algorithm based on whether or not it uses boundary segmentations. If true, then return 'Segmented', otherwise -
7887: This is the definition of Fibo function in Python. It calculates and returns nth number from sequence using recursion method, where it starts
7888: "A function that returns an empty string if no documentation exists" 		   in file.py -> def get_doc(file):
7889: This function checks whether two given vertices are the same in an adjacency list representation of graph. If they're not equal it swaps them
7890: This line of the given Python script returns an empty space followed by "glob" and then another newline character. It also prints out two spaces ("
7891: This line of Python script splits the user's string into individual word and joins them back together with spaces in between using list comprehension, map
7892: This Python script is used to modify the head of an input file by replacing each word with underscovers and multiplying it resins number times on
7893: This function returns the name of an old file. The filename is derived from input parameter "f_n".  It's assumed that all files
7894: This program converts an integer to binary. It does so by repeatedly taking the modulo of number with two and appending it's value in
7895: This line of the Python function checks if either argument is empty, and returns False. If both arguments are not blank then it will check whether 'sub
7896: This function takes an array of integers as input and returns the smallest or largest number based on whether it is equal. If all numbers are same then return
7897: This function returns the name of an image file with .jpg extension.  The input is expected to be in string format and will append ".jpeg
7898: This script checks if the repository type in your GitHub/GitLab configuration file matches either 'g'or ‘gi’t, then
7899: This Python function checks if the 'content type' of an HTTP Response matches with given Accept header in Request headers – If it does, returns
7900: This line of the given Python script checks if an attribute exists in `get` object. If it does exist then return that value else check again with
7901: Return 'False' and an empty string as the result. The output is not defined in any way by default but can be set later on with out
7902: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
7903: This function calculates the area of an ellipse using its semi major axis and minor axes. (Code snipped here, but
7904: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern "<keyword>=\"value\"" and returns two values if it finds one in each input string; otherwise
7905: This function returns the value of 'x' in different cases, with specific values depending on its position within these conditions and default return statement when none match
7906: This line of the given Python function returns all elements in 'sequence' as joined by spaces.  It is similar to list comprehension but it does
7907: This Python function takes as input an array of unique elements and returns the same list with duplicates removed using sets to keep track which items have been processed
7908: This Python function takes in one string, replaces newline characters with spaces and multiple consecutive space character(s), then removes the leading/trailing
7909: If the XML object does not exist, return none. Otherwise convert and flatten it into one list of elements using recursion." (end
7910: This Python function tries to execute the given string as python script. If it succeeds, then returns true; otherwise false is returned after catching any exception
7911: If the player's current HP is greater than 1, return 'h'. Else check whether it has any items in their inventory and either
7912: This function checks if the input is an uppercase letter. It returns True when it's between ' A ', to, but not including ,
7913: This Python script generates the appropriate HTTP request header based on whether it's an Identity Token or Verification process, and also includes necessary information
7914: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to 'N' using an arithmetic series formula. The result is then returned as "
7915: If the lengths of two dictionaries are different return false; otherwise check each pair and compare them to see whether they match or differ from one another as
7916: This Python function checks whether the given 'year' is leap or not. It returns true when it finds that "the remainder of dividing by four
7917: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the elements of first list that are present only once within second one using set operations to remove duplic
7918: If the Python version is 3+, it will return 'expected' otherwise returns an empty string but with no quotes around and without any warning message
7919: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that. If it's not any other data types but rather one or
7920: This Python script creates two sets from the given lists, then returns an intersection of these. It does so by using List Comprehension and checking
7921: This function calculates the size of an object based on its width and height, then checks if it's within certain parameters to return that value or
7922: This line of the given Python script is performing elementwise division by ‘(1 - z).’ The variables 'x' and/or "
7923: If the image is too small, return false. Otherwise continue with processing...  Code snippet to be used in your project's main function
7924: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an array that is created by adding together corresponding elements from two lists. The 'zip' function
7925: This function checks whether the given number is power of two or not. It does so by checking that it's either zero, one itself(if
7926: This Python script generates an array of boolean values based on the condition that each character is not equal to "-" from two or more input lists. The
7927: This function takes in one string, s and returns the result of concatenating 'Has' with an inputted String. The first letter is capitalized
7928: A dictionary that maps numbers to letters. If the input is not found, it returns 'None'.  Code snippet used as reference and modified
7929: Return True if the character '.', otherwise False.  This is used to check whether or not there are any occurrences of "." present within
7930: This function checks if the input is either 0, 'True', True. It returns False otherwise and raises an error when it encounters any other
7931: This Python script is splitting the file name into parts, then taking only one part of that split and finally returning its value as output from function call in
7932: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was split into individual characters, but all letters are lowercased before joining
7933: This Python script creates two lists, patchDictNoEnvelope and another one called 'Patch'. It then appends the dictionaries to these
7934: This line of the script is setting up variables to be used in other parts or functions within that scope if they are not already defined elsewhere on your system
7935: This function returns the size of an object. It's used to get how many elements are in any given collection or data structure, such as lists
7936: This function returns the action that is most likely to be performed based on user input. The actions are 'buy', ‘rent’, and
7937: This Python script returns the string "{'Test': ['Install']}" as output. It's an example of how to create and print dictionary in
7938: This Python function checks the first character of an input string, then modifies it based on certain conditions or rules defined in its parameters; otherwise returns original
7939: If the 'virtual environment' exists in current directory then return its path else just give an error message “No virtual env found” and exit program
7940: If the two DNA sequences are not equal, it returns an empty string. Otherwise return one of three possible results - 'A', or '-' depending
7941: This Python function calculates the difference between two points in three dimensions. The first point is defined by variables e and t while second one are also given
7942: A Python dictionary with keys 'error', which contains the status and message. The data key is empty because it's not being used in any part
7943: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7944: This Python script splits the string "cls" into an array, then checks each element to see whether it starts with 'URN:' or not and
7945: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7946: This Python function calculates the EVI index based on given RGB values of an image, with specific formulae and returns it as output in one line
7947: Checks if the variables v, which is supposed to be an integer or string in Python using exception handling mechanism; returns True when both conditions are met
7948: This Python script calculates the distance between each pair of points from two lists and returns an array with these distances using Euclidean Distance formula applied to
7949: This Python function checks if two vectors are equal. It does so by comparing each corresponding element from the first and second list, returning True only when they
7950: Check whether the given object 'gr' represents an empty grid.  If it does and its dimensions are correct then return true else false otherwise..
7951: This function calculates the new value based on an old range and its corresponding values. The formula is derived from linear interpolation, which allows smooth transitions
7952: This Python script counts the number of 'one' bits present within an input binary string. The bit at position n is considered to be one if it
7953: This python function calculates the average of positive numbers in an array, and then returns two values. The first value is one plus twice times how much
7954: This Python function attempts to return the 'date' field from an input dictionary. If it can’t find that key, then instead of crashing
7955: This function checks whether the given 'tag' is present as part of its name or not, and returns either it’s immediate ancestor/grand
7956: This function checks the length of an input list, then returns True if all elements are greater than 0. If not it will return False in any
7957: Code takes an input list of numbers, checks if the length equals 1. If it does then assigns that number to 'vector' and prints
7958: If the list is empty it returns zero. Otherwise calculates and return maximum sum of non adjacent elements from given array/list 'Nums'. The
7959: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is y = ax^n+b, where n=1 and
7960: This line of the given Python script searches if "_wt" exists in "hgvs". If it does, then return True; otherwise False or
7961: If the input 'State' isn’t of type Integer then it raises and warns about its noninteger value – "{0} must
7962: If the list of command names is empty, then it's either true if there are no steps to be taken. Otherwise check whether only one step
7963: This function checks if all characters of the input are alphabets. It does so by checking whether each character is present as an element within one
7964: This line of the Python function checks if two hexadecimal numbers are equal. It does so by converting both inputs to integers and then comparing them
7965: Initializes three variables, all set to ‘zero’. The first two are used as counters and the third is an identifier of how many
7966: This function converts an RGB value to HSV. It takes the input of 'RGB' values and returns them in terms hue(
7967: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7968: This script checks whether the file exists and then reads its first line, checking it to see that we're returning something or exiting early in case
7969: This Python script finds the index of both occurrences in an inputted text, if it doesn't find any occurrence then returns "Not Found
7970: This line of the Python function calculates and returns 't' minus its binary representation, where d is an integer. The result will be equal to
7971: If the transaction and receipt addresses are both zero, return an error value of "error". Otherwise calculate percentage difference between two values. The result is returned
7972: This line of the given Python script returns all unique tweeter IDs from 'tweet_list' in one single, sorted set.  It
7973: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an absolute value. The calculation involves division, subtraction with O(0), multiplication by x3
7974: Code returns string XX. (This is the first line of your function.)  ```python`def my_function():    pass     #
7975: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of dividing it by 10. The output is then appended with 'dB'.
7976: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the red component of that number in hexadecimal format. The result is then returned along with
7977: If the URL ends with ".git", return everything up to but not including '.', else, just keep original string as it is  Code snip
7978: This function checks if the file name starts with 'meta_' and ends either as .txt, ….. zip"   Code explanation/details
7979: This Python script calculates the time in hour format from total second(s). The input is taken as an integer representing number of secounds. It
7980: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
7981: This function sorts the list of tuples by second element in each tuple.  The result is then returned as another one line string with all elements
7982: This Python script uses regular expressions to clean the input string by removing unwanted characters such as non alphanumeric, whitespace and special symbols like
7983: This Python function returns the portion of string 'str' that is between non whitespace characters, starting from left to right in str but excluding any
7984: This Python script creates and populates an empty dictionary with the values of two lists. The keys are created by taking every second element from each list pair
7985: If either 'mu' nor ‘rho’ are not provided, return none. Otherwise calculate and returns the value of n� as μ/ρ
7986: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
7987: This Python function calculates the remainder of num  divided by another number. If both numbers are negative, it will return positive result; if one is
7988: This line of the script transposes two lists or arrays, effectively swapping their dimensions in numpy's array manipulation functions and returning them as
7989: This Python script calculates the number of non-"ignored" stations. It initializes "total count to  zero", then iteratively checks each
7990: This Python script converts the given dictionary into one level deep format by removing any subdictionaries and replacing them with their keys as strings separated from each
7991: This line of the Python function returns an integer value by subtracting one from another parameter. The input is expected to be in string format, and it
7992: If the key 'code points' is found within any of its values, return that specific output. Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning original result which
7993: This function returns the number corresponding to rock, SpocK paper lizards scissores or rocoks depending on what it receives
7994: If the 'models' information does not exist, return an empty list.  Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning it as its current state of being
7995: This function is used to perform some kind of operation on the input 'x'. The result will be returned as output, which can then further process or
7996: This Python script reads lines from an input file, strips leading and trailing whitespace on each one using the strip function in python language., it checks
7997: This Python function converts the given degree value into hours and returns it in three parts. The input is expected to be an integer representing total number of
7998: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown constant, which is given as 'fc'. The resultant number will be very close to but not
7999: This function checks if the greatest common divisor of 'p' and ‘g’ is one. If it does not equal to zero then returns
8000: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8001: This function searches the given `search space` based on an inputted condition, which is either by id or any other specified field/column name and
8002: This Python function splits the input string into three parts based on spaces (" "). It then assigns each part to its respective variable as per their
8003: This function returns the string 'on' when input is 1, and otherwise it will return an empty or null. It also checks whether any other
8004: If the 'None' value of ```python`s variable named ''```is passed, it will return string "'Input Binraries'" otherwise
8005: This function returns the URL of tenant token. (END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python`def getTenantsTokenURL():    #
8006: This Python function tries to return the second element of an input tuple. If no such index exists, it returns None instead which is also considered as False
8007: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8008: This Python function converts DNA sequences from the standard 4 nucleotide bases to their corresponding RNA sequence. It does so by replacing all occur
8009: This Python script attempts closing the connection and statement, if they are open beforehand; otherwise it prints an error message indicating that these operations cannot be performed
8010: This function checks whether the input number 'is instance of' it should return either fizzy or buzzy depending on divisible by both three &
8011: If the given 'memory map' is present, it will be copied. Otherwise an error message "Memory Map Not Found." would appear with corresponding value
8012: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8013: This function takes an integer as input and returns the value of that number divided by one hour in decimal format, or "unknown" when it's
8014: This function returns the string value of an input. It is used to convert any data type into its equivalent one line representation in Python language, which can
8015: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8016: This python script creates an empty dictionary where the keys are categories and values will be lists of review ids. It then returns that dict object as output
8017: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'Value' variable contains string data type and strips off any leading or trailing white spaces from it using
8018: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses recursion to calculate it, but instead using iteration in order not only simplify and
8019: This line of the given Python script splits 'sample' string into list items based on comma delimiter and returns it back to caller function
8020: This line of the given Python script checks if two files have same extension in their names using 'os' and '.splittext()'.  It returns
8021: This line of the Python script checks if "filename" starts with 'l' followed by 4 characters, then it compares these four character to
8022: This script calculates the serviceability of each load based on its total capacity and loads it can serve, then adds these values to an overall "Total
8023: This function returns the name of an inputted 'channel' variable, but only when it is either equal to or starts with one character from two pred
8024: This Python script splits the input string into lines and then processes each line to extract key/value pairs from it using colon as separator if present
8025: This python script calculates the sum of all values from sensors. The variables are named according to their position on each side, and they're being
8026: If there are more than one sets of numbers provided as input to the function. It will generate and return all these number set strings joined by commas
8027: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'lst' appending only nonempty strings to it if they are present
8028: Create dictionaries to map entities and relations.  Process each of the given tuples one by line using these mappings; if an unknown relation
8029: This Python script splits the string 'info' by semicolon and then split each part of it into key/values using equal sign, checking
8030: This Python function splits the given file name into its extension and returns only it, or an empty string in case of no extensions present; otherwise return
8031: This python function calculates the total amount of energy consumed in kWh per month, considering that it's divided into three months. The percentage share
8032: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'text' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
8033: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8034: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with the same structure, but values are filled by taking elements from different lists. The number of
8035: This Python function splits the filename into its components and returns these as separate variables in order of their positioning within that string - ie., it
8036: This Python function tries to set the "temp" variable in configuration dictionary. If it fails, then returns default or provided 'default' parameter; otherwise
8037: This function takes an unique ID as input and returns the second part of that id. It splits it by underscore (_), removes duplicates using
8038: This Python function checks whether the input 'num' variable type as an integer or not and performs different operations based on that condition; otherwise it rounds off
8039: If no value was provided then it returns 'None'. Else checks whether its type matches with either String ('str') , List('list'), else
8040: This Python function counts the number of consonants or non-"vowel" characters within an inputted text. It uses list comprehension to
8041: This Python script splits the input filename into two parts - directory and base name with extension removed from it using 'os' module in python which is
8042: This function takes an array as input and returns the first element of that list. If there is no such index, it will return ‘None’
8043: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from 3 to 'input' number. It returns -9 when input is less than two and
8044: This function converts the input string to either an integer or floating point number. If it'll be converted successfully then returns that value else return original
8045: A function that takes an input string and returns the same output, but with all non alphanumeric characters removed.  The result is then joined
8046: This Python function calculates the difference between two diagonals of an input matrix 'a'. The diagonal elements are summed up and then returned as
8047: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
8048: A python script that generates the string HODOR repeated 'n' times.  The function takes an integer as input and returns it concatenated with
8049: This Python function returns the transaction ID and output index from an input dictionary.  The keys are named as txnID, OutputIndex respectively but in
8050: This line of the given Python function returns 'x' multiplied by ‘(10**n)' where "*" is an operator in
8051: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some input. The formula used is y = 0,4x^(sqrt[6])
8052: If the string "transmission_strin" has less than one character, it will output an error message and then end. Otherwise...  It
8053: This Python function finds the length of longest substring without repeating characters. It uses two pointers and dictionary to keep track on which index each unique
8054: This function checks if the current logged on DWSupport model has access to read/write tables. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
8055: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase if it contains '->>' and splits that part of '--'. If not, just
8056: This function takes an input string, splits it into its components by the '.' character and then reverses them using Python's slicing feature
8057: A function that checks if the given number is perfect square or not by using maths concept of sqrt and rounding down to nearest integer value in
8058: This Python script generates the lengths of each individual 'ROW' within an inputted 3D list. The result is then returned as another three element
8059: This function filters an object list based on the 'ontology' type attribute in OWL format using Python and Lambda functions, returning only those
8060: This line of the script attempts to get "Extra Link Args" from dictionary 'Info'. If it doesn't exist, then raises an error
8061: This Python function returns either "-1" when the first argument is less than second, "+/-" or zero depending on whether they are equal.
8062: This Python script creates and populates an empty list called 'CONFIG' with dictionaries containing the path of each checkpoint file ('CKPT PATH'),
8063: This Python function calculates the inverse of an equation based on given parameters. The result is returned as output from that specific calculation, which in turn can
8064: This Python function checks whether the length of list 'a' is greater than that on another array. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true
8065: This Python function creates and returns an empty dictionary named '`'one line python script'''.  It iterates over the input `dict(item
8066: This Python function splits the input string on commas, and then returns whether or not converting that split list' third element to an integer is greater
8067: This function rearranges the coordinates of each bounding box. The first and last elements are swapped, second to third element is then switched with
8068: This function takes in one parameter, 'number', and returns the square root of that value.  It uses Python's builtin math library to
8069: This Python script separates different types of objects into separate lists based on their flavor attribute which is either 'Series' or an Episodes'. It
8070: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
8071: If the input is '.' then it returns an uppercase version of that letter, otherwise just gives back what's in there as lower case letters
8072: This Python script converts the given dictionary of dictionaries into one main list. It does so by iterating over each sublist and then within that
8073: This Python function checks if the current hour, minute or second is within two given times. If it's not in these ranges then return False else
8074: This Python script is used to extract the sectors from each of several "NARRATIVES". The result will be stored as 'ALL SECT
8075: This python script calculates the difference between all elements of 3x4 matrix. The result is stored and returned as 'diff'. It's
8076: This function returns different colors based on the value of 'n'. It's an example to demonstrate how conditional statements can be used in Python.
8077: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8078: This function calculates the difference between two values, multiplies it by three times and then subtracts twice. The result is returned as output of
8079: This function calculates the angle in degrees between two points on Earth's surface, taking into account daylight saving time adjustments and returns it as
8080: This line of the Python function returns RGB values from an input tuple, where each value is divided by 255 to normalize it between [
8081: This line of the function adds 'dx' and 'dy', which are both variables. The result is then returned by calling another variable named "result
8082: This Python function sorts the given 'Timeline' by time in ascending order using lambda as key to sort on second element of each sublist
8083: This Python script calculates the square root of 'limit' by using an iterative method. The loop continues until it finds that squaring each number
8084: A function that returns an HTTP response with status of 'created' and the provided JSON object as its payload. The returned dictionary is in line format to
8085: This function returns the path to data based on given 'metadata' input. It concatenates string with "/" and then gives output as resultant of
8086: This function calculates the value of Dynamic Connectivity in an arbitrary graph with nodes and edges given by 'M' &amp; '#'. The
8087: This Python script extracts all elements from nested lists and returns them as one list, similar to the original but with less lines of codes by using List
8088: This block of Python script checks whether the number 'n' is one among certain numbers. If it does not match any these values then return zero else
8089: This function calculates the percentage of each element in an array relative to its maximum. The result is returned as another list with these values, which can
8090: This Python script copies the original dictionary and deletes all entries with value 'None' from it, resulting into an empty dict().  It uses list
8091: This function converts the input string to uppercase, then returns it with only two characters in lower case and remaining as zeros padded until three
8092: This script is used to calculate the coordinates of each vertex in 3D space. The variables 'i', and so on are dynamically set based
8093: This python script calculates the difference between two values, one being calculated as “p” times less than another. The absolute value of that result
8094: This Python script converts the input string into an array of character indices, replacing each unknown or unseen word with "unknown". It also pads shorter
8095: This Python script converts units from one to another using the conversion factor provided in dictionary 'Si'. The function takes two parameters - value and unit which
8096: This line of the Python script converts all input to lowercase, and then checks if it's one among three specific values ("True" or
8097: This function returns the current logged in User. 	Functionality/Role of Code : It is used to get information about currently signed up users,
8098: This function checks whether the horizontal or vertical cuts are present in an image. If they're both  greater than zero, it returns true; otherwise
8099: This python script is designed to set the paths of data files used in other scripts or functions within your project directory named "myPath". The function returns
8100: This Python script splits the input string into separate field, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each of these strings and sorts them alphabetically
8101: This script generates the list of files that were either added or have been changed within each commit on GitHub's API response, which is then returned
8102: This line of the function checks if there is no process context in which case it returns true.  It does so by checking whether or not bitwise
8103: This function converts the first character of each word in 'Title' to uppercase and returns it as string, but only if there is at least
8104: This function takes an input string, checks whether it contains the character '§', and returns that part of its argument after removing any surrounding brackets
8105: Computes the average of three IMU data sets. The averages are calculated by summing up all measurements and dividing them with their respective counts
8106: This line of the given Python script calculates whether 'round' function is used to return an integer value, which then checks if it returns negative number
8107: This Python script calculates the maximum difference between two elements of an array 'Q' and stores it into variable "m". The function iteratively comp
8108: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8109: This function calculates the value of an investment based on simple interest and compounded interests, using compound annual growth rate formula which is derived from geometric series
8110: This function checks if the given filename ends with ".cSaR". It converts both sides to lower case and compares them, returning True
8111: This Python script creates and returns the list of unique elements from all edges/vertices present within an inputted networkx Graph object, then sorts them
8112: This function takes as input an iterable of any type and returns the same output but with all nested lists flattened out into one level only."
8113: This script replaces the given keyword with its index number. The indices are generated using Python's enumerate function and then replaced within HTML string by
8114: This Python script uses dictionary comprehension to filter out the pairs with values not present as column names. It then returns only those which are part of '
8115: This Python script checks if the first two lines of each file are "///" and "/*". If they're not, it returns false;
8116: This Python function calculates the spectral spectrum of an object by multiplying its properties. The result is then returned as 'wave' orthonormal basis
8117: This Python script is an infinite loop that keeps adding to the current frequency until it finds itself being repeated, at which point its return statement stops and returns
8118: This Python function checks the validity of an IP address, channel numbers and control devices indices. If any value fails to meet certain conditions it prints out that
8119: This Python script converts the dictionary 'Spec' into another one with integer ranges as values if they exist and creates new ones otherwise by replacing them to
8120: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8121: This function rounds the input 'rounded' to nearest multiple of another given integer. If rounded is greater than 1 and not divisible by provided
8122: This function converts bytes to human readable format. It checks the absolute value of n, and returns appropriate string based on its size in Bytes
8123: This function converts degrees into hours and minutes. It also handles the conversion of fractional parts by rounding them to two decimal places if necessary or
8124: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the digits of that number in reverse order. It does so by converting it to string first using
8125: This function checks if the current path starts with any of several paths provided as arguments, returning true or false accordingly based on whether it matches one among them
8126: Check whether the input 'col_id' parameter has been provided and it contains only string values. If either condition isn’t met then raise an
8127: This python function calculates the distance between two sets of numbers. It uses Euclidean Distance formula to calculate and returns minimum possible value among all distances
8128: This function returns the URL of Python Package Index JSON API endpoint to search packages in python's package index using given 'name'.  It is used
8129: This Python script calculates the number of ways to choose one item out 10 items. The maximum possible value is determined by adding up two variables
8130: This function parses the second word of an input string and converts it to float. If value is positive then returns green text otherwise yellow or red
8131: This line of the given Python script splits 'time' string into two parts using "-" as separator and then returns second part which is year
8132: 返回一个包含代理服务器的 IP地址和端口号信息。   [END] Code Summary.```python3,py
8133: This Python script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points on 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as
8134: A dictionary to store the configuration settings of logging.  It is used in other modules that need access and manipulation on these configurations, such as logger
8135: If the value of 'bitNo' is greater than 10, it returns an error message. Otherwise -> Returns "val".   [
8136: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the items from another dict using list comprehension – one liner version of creating dictionaries manually
8137: This Python function calculates the size of an island on given 'one's only. It uses nested loops to traverse through each cell, increment
8138: If the level is less than or equal to 1, it multiplies by negative ten and adds twenty. Otherwise，it subtracts one hundred
8139: This function calculates the weighted average of two lists. It takes as input pairs with weights and values to calculate their combined sum which is then divided by
8140: This function checks if the given URL is valid. It does so by checking each character of string against predefined set, and returns false as soon
8141: This Python function calculates the values of 'Volume' and "Friction" based on given parameters. The volume is calculated as four times epsilon
8142: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'd' into one of its variables, then returns that new variable named
8143: If all the elements in both lists are equal, return true. Otherwise false is returned as they're not identical on every element of their respective list
8144: This function is used to adjust the learning rate during training, specifically when certain conditions are met in an iterative process of model optimization or tuning parameters such
8145: Checks whether the input value has exactly two strings. If it does then returns true else false or None in case of invalid type/inputs not
8146: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over the list of dictionaries. If it's not yet populated with any first names
8147: If the string contains ".", return it as is, else append ".val". (END OF SUMMARY.)   Code snippet.
8148: This Python function implements the kmeans++ initialization algorithm. It starts with an initial cluster assignment of all points to be in one group and then iteratively
8149: This function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It keeps replacing one number with another until it finds that both are
8150: Checks whether the inputs are either integers/floats. If they aren't it raises an error with appropriate message and stops execution of function
8151: This program calculates the cost of electricity usage per day and week based on daily kWh consumption price. It also does so in terms that it can
8152: This Python function calculates the percentage change in stock prices. It takes as input current and previous values of 'stock' which are assumed to be integers
8153: If the second number is zero then it returns first one. Otherwise calculates remainder of division and calls itself with updated values until divisor becomes 1
8154: If the string is more than one character, return its first letter in uppercase and remaining part of it. Otherwise just returns original input as there'
8155: This Python function calculates the conversion factor from meters to feet based on z, which is assumed as input in log scale and then raised back into linear
8156: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', and returns its corresponding
8157: This function converts the given value in different units. It uses an if/else statement to check which of four possible conversion factors should be used,
8158: This line of Python script returns the filtered result from 'units' based on whether or not each unit is present within '_lines'.  It uses
8159: This Python function calculates the product of an array and its cumulative sum. The result is returned as two values; one value represents total multiplication while
8160: This line of the script returns all values from "frame" key present within each dictionary.  It'll be used to create an array that will
8161: Code snippet that defines the dictionary of functions to be used in your program. The keys are function names and values represent their return types or parameters
8162: If the first argument is less than or equal to second one then return both arguments else swap them.  This function will be used in sorting algorithms
8163: This Python function takes as input DNA sequence and returns the corresponding reverse complements of that DNaseqece by using dictionary mapping to find out
8164: This Python script reverses the second and third halves of an inputted text. The function takes in one parameter, which is expected to be any
8165: Returns the output of executing command 'Speaking' on instance with id `" + str(self._instanceId())+ "' in namespace
8166: If the input string is empty, return false; otherwise check each character of ​​the given strings to see whether it's digit or not and
8167: This line of the given Python script is extracting two characters from an input string, starting at index 0 and ending just before second character. The
8168: This function checks if the given number is divisible by 3. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True or 'bits'.
8169: This Python script prints the statement and then returns 'Data'. It's an example of function definition in python.  The return value is set to
8170: Checks whether input is less than zero, and returns an appropriate message. If not checks to see what value it should be returning based on its position
8171: This function takes in 7 parameters and returns the values of these inputs as Float types. The order is important because it determines how they are converted
8172: This Python function checks if the given three numbers satisfy two conditions, one is that 'z' lies between them in ascending order while other condition requires
8173: Return JSON object with title and paragraph data.  Title is the value of 'fiche\_id' parameter; Paragraph contains text from parameters "
8174: This Python function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing its predicted labels with actual ones. It uses list comprehension to iteratively check if each
8175: This line of the script is creating an array with all URLS from sitedata.latest() function, but it also converts each one to
8176: This function calculates the distance between two positions. If they are at equal places, it returns zero; if one is greater than another by more then
8177: If 'a' is greater than or equal to the number, it returns that value. Else where "num" lies between both values of
8178: Checks two shapes to see whether they are valid. If the first dimension of one is less than or equal but greater then another - it's
8179: This Python function takes an input string and strips it of leading/trailing whitespace if present; then checks whether the stripped text contains ':';
8180: This Python function checks whether the input ```is instance``` to see it's either an empty array/list with at least one element that can
8181: This Python script splits the given string into its constituent parts based on whitespace and then filters out any empty strings or those that contain an equals
8182: Returns the largest integer less than or equal to n.  The square root of 'N' is used as an approximation and then rounded down using "
8183: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8184: If the length of 'X' is ‘one’, return absolute difference between true and first element. Else calculate square root summation with
8185: This Python function checks whether the given input is one of three specific numbers. If it's any among these then return 'True', else returns false
8186: This line of Python script returns the result as per given condition. It multiplies each element by 'scale' and then stores it into another list which
8187: This Python function sorts the first two elements of each tuple and returns them as four separate variables. The values are set to infinity initially but will be updated
8188: This script sorts the inputted dataset, calculates quartiles and interquartile range to identify potential anomalies or deviations from normality
8189: If the 'base' string, and/or its length are not provided then return it. Else check whether any part of that sequence exists within
8190: This Python function checks if the length of an array is one or two, and returns specific values based on these conditions. If it's not possible
8191: This Python function takes as input the name of an .ext file where '.' is replaced by '-' to generate two pieces - base_name &
8192: This function checks the direction of an operation based on whether or not 'target' is greater than/lesser to '_current'. If it isn’
8193: This function is used to filter the indices and ranges based on which rings are present within each indexed list of entries from an input dictionary 'selected'.
8194: This Python function uses list comprehension to flatten the nested lists. It iterates over each sublist of 'xx' and then within that,
8195: This function calculates the equivalent of given pounds in kilograms by multiplying it with factor to convert from pound(s). The result is returned
8196: This Python function returns an email subscription confirmation string. The destination and acknowledgment are parameters of the method, which is then used to construct part
8197: This Python script generates the list of file names that match certain patterns based on user inputted parameters such as 'level'. The generated files are then used
8198: This line of the given Python script is simply printing an integer to string conversion. The output will be "0, 1,..., n". It'
8199: This function checks if the given string is one of several predefined strings, which are then converted to uppercase before being checked against 'in'
8200: This function checks whether the input list of strings is less than 2 elements long and also reverses it to check its equality with itself; If these
8201: This Python script creates and inserts into the JSON pipeline an object with type 'filter' named decimator.'  The value of `steps`
8202: This function takes in an input string and tries to convert it into two integers. If the conversion is successful then returns all numbers between these ‘two
8203: If unique checks are not allowed, set the value of 'UNIQUE_CHECKS' to ‘false’. Otherwise it will be turned
8204: This Python function calculates the maximum value of an array. It uses 'len' to find out how many elements are there, then it compares
8205: This Python function reverses the order of elements present within an input list while preserving their original positions and removing duplicates from it using set data structure,
8206: If the string is not 7 characters long, return none. Otherwise convert each character to its ASCII value and store them as an array of integers
8207: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and then uses these to access an object within another dictionary, returning that value if it exists
8208: This function is used to add values from the 'clean' dictionary into an empty one named "dirty" using their corresponding keys as names of new
8209: This function calculates the value of an investment with time decay, where alpha is used to determine how much longer it will be in years before reaching its
8210: This python script counts the number of newlines ('\n') present within an input string. The variable 'puzzle' is expected to be
8211: This function returns the difficulty level of text based on FLESCH reading ease score. The scores range from 1(very hard or very simple sentences
8212: This function checks whether the 'None' values are present in either of two input arrays and returns NaN value when they exist; it also verifies
8213: Sorts the data in ascending order based on value of second element. This is done using Python's builtin function "sort"
8214: This Python script merges two lists of records, but only includes unique names from the second list into it using sets to avoid duplicates and then append
8215: This function converts the input string to an integer. If it's one of four predefined levels, returns its corresponding numeric value;
8216: This Python script uses the 'subproc' module to find out where on your system an executable named "{0}" is located, and returns that
8217: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8218: This Python script calculates the difference between two strings. The first string is considered as 'main' and it has more characters than or equal to its
8219: This Python script checks if the given file is of video format using extensions provided by FFprobe, and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it
8220: This Python script opens the specified filename and reads through each row of text until it finds an instance where "pattern" is found within that particular string or
8221: This line of the Python function returns halfway between low and high. It's an efficient way to find midpoint in sorted list or array,
8222: This Python script splits the input string into separate 'chunks' or "LINES", removes any leading/trailing whitespace from each chunk
8223: This function adds an indentation to the source string based on its tab size and number of lines in it, which is determined by splitting up '\
8224: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8225: This Python script attempts to determine if the current Jupyter notebook is being interrupted by an external process, similar functionality as 'jps'
8226: This function returns the square of its first argument plus constant.  It's an example to show how functions can be defined in Python and used as
8227: This function converts an HSV value to RGB. It divides the values by their respective steps and then rounds them off using round() before
8228: This Python function calculates the result of raising 'b' to an exponent, where that exp is either four or equal it will be set as itself
8229: This Python function returns the value of an equation based on its input parameter 'phi'. If it's zero, then return zeroth; otherwise
8230: This Python function calculates the index of an array by summing up to each element its value multiplied with four raised at one less than it'
8231: This line of the script splits each sentence in 'corpus' by '\n', resulting an array where every element is one individual string representing
8232: If the value of 'minimum' in one set is greater than that from another then swap these two values; otherwise return False as it means there are
8233: This Python function reverses the order of characters in each word and then joins them together. The result is an empty string if no input was provided,
8234: Returns the result of i divided by three rounded down. This is equivalent to rounding 'down' in mathematics when performing integer division on integers only works
8235: This function checks whether the URL is valid, returning false when it's not and true otherwise based on certain conditions specified in its parameters; specifically checking
8236: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8237: If the file name is equal to its base, return it with an added dot and given extensions; otherwise just returns without adding dots or any other modifications
8238: This line of Python script calculates the fractional number and returns it. The result is stored in variable 'fnum'.  It's using
8239: If the variable "normaLzErOlD", which is an integer, equals 0 or not provided in input parameters then it will
8240: This line of Python function returns the result 'dout/x' which is equivalent to dividing output by input.  It can be used in
8241: This Python script is used to create the parameters dictionary that will be passed into an object detection training or inference function. The "network" configuration includes information
8242: This function returns the previous year's value of 'season'. If it doesn’t match any case, then return “invalid”. The
8243: If the input 'is instance of' returns True then return it as dictionary. Else convert and reuturn in formated way like "{'
8244: This function checks if two rectangles overlap. It does so by comparing the coordinates of each rectangle with their respective edges in relation to one another using addition
8245: This Python function checks the value of 'None', converts it to boolean, and returns its opposite. If given an integer or string that represents either
8246: This Python function calculates the value of an object at given distance from its minimum radius. The formula is derived based on geometric principles and it's
8247: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8248: This line of the given Python script is splitting up an input string into two parts based on hyphen characters and returning them in reverse order, ie
8249: This Python function takes as input the text of an HTML document and returns it formatted into inline <P><\/ P>> tags if present; otherwise return
8250: This function splits the input string into three parts based on two patterns and returns them in that order as separate variables if possible; otherwise it will return
8251: This Python script creates an equivalent list of tuples where each tuple contains the index versioning applied to source and destination nodes from 'graph' data
8252: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of genres associated with each ID from 'music'. The function splits
8253: This function tries to return the item of an object, but in case it's None or doesn’t have any items then returns default_value
8254: This function merges an entry with the given entries. If there is no such key in any of them it will be added to their list otherwise its
8255: This script replaces all dots with underscores, effectively converting the list of properties into one line. It'll be used to clean up property
8256: This Python function calculates the length of maximum string element within an input list. The variable 'array' is expected to be provided as argument and it
8257: This script is designed to generate graphs based on the arguments provided by users and perform various operations such as filtering terms or ranking algorithms depending upon user' input
8258: Return the given dictionary with "Name", including first and last names, as well an array of dictionaries containing party information.  The output is formatted
8259: This Python script prints the string 'Hello, World!' to stderror in an error message format using shell commands and python's builtin function
8260: This Python script creates two lists, one with URLs found in both search and ignore sets. The other is the difference between these searches which are only
8261: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
8262: This Python function converts the given number of 'sec' into its equivalent in terms hrs and mins. If sec is more than an hour
8263: This Python script generates an array of values by multiplying each element with the corresponding index and dividing it to 'n' minus one. The result
8264: If 'x' is zero, return value of variable "b". Otherwise calculate the expression as per given formula.  The result will be multiplied
8265: This Python script replaces special characters with their HTML entities using the dictionary 'm'. The function takes as input an initial string and returns its processed version
8266: Checks if the length of 'line' is 1 and it contains only spaces. If true, returns True; otherwise False - one liner
8267: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8268: This function is used to get the current time of day from an open file descriptor fd using ioctl system call with specific parameters set by user
8269: Replace function names in the given Python script with 'quickchat' and/or ‘QuickChat’, if they are present as either of
8270: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an output. The input parameters are 'a', which is multiplied by another variable, called
8271: This line of the given Python script converts all lowercase characters in an array to upper case. The function is then joining these converted strings into one
8272: This Python function checks if two lists have the same length, are identical in terms of elements but not necessarily sorted. If they do so it returns True
8273: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8274: If 'lengths of two lists are not equal, it raises an error. Otherwise calculates their dot products by multiplying corresponding elements together then sums
8275: This function generates all possible substrings of the input 's' with length greater than ‘len’ and less equal to given number. If it
8276: This Python function converts the input dictionary into another one, but only if it's lowercase and contains unique values compared to its original version of
8277: This function returns the ratio of two numbers. The first number is divided by 4 and then multiplied with another one to get an answer which will
8278: A dictionary is created with the name 'FDB' and its value set to an OpenShift SDN configuration. If there exists key named as `
8279: If the function is called with an input that has no solution, it will return 'no' or else returns either of two possible messages.  The
8280: This function replaces multiple spaces, tabs and other special characters with single space in the string 's'. It also removes leading/trailing white sp
8281: Returns True if the word's character count is greater than or equal to 'thresh'. Otherwise, it returns False.  This function checks whether
8282: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'Remote' to lowercase and then formats it into an URL string using JFROG
8283: This line of the script is used to create an empty list named 'mod' and assign it as many elements that are needed. The purpose here was
8284: This Python script generates an array of values that are the maximum value from 'bar' and then rounds it down to nearest integer. The result is calculated
8285: This function calculates the longest common substring of two strings. It uses recursive approach to find LCS and returns it as string when both input
8286: This Python function takes in an input string s and returns the second word of that “_” delimited sentence. It splits up by
8287: This Python script generates the list of strings to be used as part names when creating an object from class normGaussianDistribution, which is derived by
8288: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of dictionaries "p" and assign each unique ID to its corresponding name.
8289: This Python function splits an SThree path into the four parts and returns only one of them as 'Buckets' or key part in Amazon
8290: This function adds two numbers and returns the result.  It's called "m_total" in some contexts, but it could be named anything
8291: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, where one number is 9 and another's value decreases by an amount proportional to its original
8292: This function checks whether the input value is not of string data and returns it, or converts to lowercase version when its boolean form ('true',
8293: This function returns the URL to fetch an entity from domain.  The parameters are 'f' and "g". It is used in other parts of
8294: This line of Python script removes the first and last character from 'tableName' variable, then converts it to title case using built in function "
8295: This script checks if the number of classes in two different classification models' output matches. If not, it raises an error message indicating that they are either
8296: This Python function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain mathematical formulas and then clamps it between ‘min’ & 'max
8297: This function calculates the remainder of an arithmetic sum with alignment. It takes two parameters, 'align' and returns their difference plus one minus mod
8298: If the block number is 1 or less it returns "starting point plus cycle length", else return maximum of current and starting points with added value
8299: This Python script flattens an arbitrarily nested list into one simple, linearized version of the original structure using 'for' loops and append
8300: If the input 'None' returns as output, return "N/A", else convert and fill with zeros to make sure it has same length
8301: Checks whether the first number is greater than or equal to second, and then checks –whether that resultant comparison holds true against third. If
8302: This function returns True if the given 'db' entry is either equal to itself, “equal” with one character less than it and more.
8303: This function checks the value of 'filter' and returns different lists based on its content or it provides an error message in case filter is not recognized by
8304: This script checks whether the first word of incoming messages is 'echo'. If it does, then return everything after that as output else returns default string
8305: This Python script splits the input string "folders" into separate parts using "-". Then it iterates over these separated strings and separating them
8306: If the input 'infiles', which can be either list or string type data structure contains multiple items then it will return their name else returns filename of
8307: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
8308: This function checks whether the input value is greater than 0. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or None depending on context
8309: This line of the program calculates and returns Thermal Diffusion Coefficient, which is defined as Density times Specific Heat Capacitance
8310: This Python function checks the first character of each string in an input list and returns that same indexed substring, but with any leading article titles removed
8311: This function calculates the maximum of 3 values based on season fraction and returns it as output in python language using numpy library's builtin
8312: This function checks the type of input 'None', then it converts string to integer when they are numeric strings or returns original number as an Integer
8313: This Python function generates RGB values based on the input 'position' value. The color is determined by changing red and blue components according to different ranges of
8314: This Python script calculates the sum of all values divided by their corresponding index raised to some interest rates, which is essentially calculating an average value over time
8315: This function calculates the average of two values, with an optional third value to represent "damp" or decay factor. If no such parameter is
8316: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8317: This Python function splits the input string on "-_" and returns four or five elements as tuples if they exist; otherwise it raises an exception
8318: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8319: This function normalizes data between 0 and the length of an array. It does so by subtracting off 'olow' from each value in
8320: If the 'main' type is an star (*), return true. Else, check whether it matches with another item in its own category; else
8321: This function converts the input to string and appends 'python' at end.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that convert data types
8322: Health check service is up and running.  It returns status as OK when accessed directly or through other services/APIs."""   }"}
8323: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by another one, and then added to that product
8324: A function that generates the string representation of datetime in specific timezone.  The input is 'name' and it represents different types like year, month
8325: If the number of images is not 2, return false; otherwise check whether their extensions are either ".func",".function","."or ""Label
8326: This Python function finds the index of an element that is equal to 'target' minus any number from its list. It then returns it multiplied by
8327: If any of the three numbers are zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns their product.   [Note that "return" is used instead
8328: This Python script calculates the number of rooms within an inputted 'wanted' range. It iteratively checks each room to see if it is
8329: This function calculates the coordinates of two corners in pixels based on input parameters. The calculation is done with integer values to ensure that only whole numbers are
8330: This function checks whether the input parameter 'Names' are valid. It raises an error when they aren’t as expected and returns true otherwise based on
8331: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8332: This function returns the next two numbers in sequence. The first is one more than before and second after that which are 3 steps ahead of their previous
8333: This function converts the input 'Word' to its corresponding case in Lower Case and checks if it exists within another given String. It returns True or
8334: This function returns the index of first element greater than or equal to 'x' from vector. If no such elements exist, it will return '-1
8335: This command is used to create an HLS video from images in the specified directory, with each frame being saved as separate PNG files and using F
8336: This Python function calculates the probabilities of all cards appearing on each player's hand and returns them as dictionary values with their respective keys being 'prob
8337: This Python function splits the given string into its constituent parts using '.' as delimiter and then tries to access each part of that list
8338: This Python script calculates the index of dictionary keys with minimum summation between absolute difference and given 'value to fit' from two different points.
8339: This function counts the number of lines that were either "Added" or “Removals”. It takes as input an iterable object and
8340: If 'less than ten' and if the number is greater then zero. Then it returns one else no output or function call in python language based on
8341: This line of Python script reverses the string and then translates all occurrences in it from AT to T, C into G by using built
8342: This Python function generates an output string based on the input parameters. The signature is set to 'unique', speed, left and right movement statuses are
8343: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting one value from another, then dividing that sum
8344: This function checks if either of the mentions are present within another. It does so by checking each one against all other ones, returning True as soon it
8345: This Python script is used to extract information from the given response and store it into an array, which will be later processed by another part of our system
8346: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs. The keys are "ID", “extname”, etc
8347: If 'Test Mode' is active, return the list of file extensions used in testing; otherwise it returns default files to be processed by script or function
8348: This Python script reads the labels and their corresponding values from two dictionaries. It then creates an empty dictionary to store these label/values pairs into one
8349: Try to get the unit of an object, if it fails do nothing. If successful then print out that name has units and its value with their respective
8350: If the first program is missing from 'programs' list then return its core and mem. Else check whether it has minimum required amount of RAM
8351: This function calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions. The parameters are x and y coordinates of these point(s). It uses some mathematical
8352: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color. It takes in three parameters, each representing one component(RGB), and returns their weighted
8353: A function that creates and returns dictionary from another one. The new dictionaries are subsets of the original ones, with each element being an item found only
8354: If the value of 'lambda' is not between [negative infinity and positive infinite], return zero. Otherwise calculate an effective length ('lambdas
8355: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8356: This function calculates the total number of seconds from hours, minutes and second. It returns result in one line as an integer value representing time duration since
8357: This script reads the file and splits it into lines, then strips each of those spaces from both ends to get rid off any leading or trailing
8358: This Python function checks whether an input is either 'true' or false', and returns the corresponding boolean value, integer conversion of string inputs in case it
8359: This Python script calculates the difference between consecutive elements of an input list. The result is stored as another output, which can be used to analyze trends
8360: This function calculates the ratio of T to R, then multiplies it by an arbitrary constant. The result is divided evenly between 0 and
8361: This Python function splits the input string into lines based on newlines and returns them in order of appearance if they are less than two characters long or
8362: This Python function checks if the output list contains any two consecutive points with same x, y coordinates. If it does then returns true else false after checking
8363: This Python script takes an input of two lists. The first list 'aligmnent' contains timestamps indicating when certain events occur within some
8364: This Python function checks the type of input and returns it. If not an integer or floating point number then return 0 if boolean else convert to its
8365: This Python script checks the quality status of sequence data based on its 'sequncing Quality Status' value and assigns it to an overall qualit
8366: This Python script splits the file name into its components and checks if it ends with one of several common extensions, such as .C/.CPP
8367: This function replaces special characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by Python's builtin parser,
8368: This Python function takes in four parameters and returns the values of 'width', which is calculated as half its original value. The same applies to other three
8369: This Python function takes an integer and its 'base' as input parameters. It converts the number to binary format using intToConvert method of dig
8370: This Python function takes an input list of dictionaries and returns the value associated with each key from all entries within that dictionary, stored as 'data'.
8371: This script is used to create an empty dictionary called 'slimTermToAdd' that will be populated with terms from the list of SIM
8372: This Python script creates an empty list of lists 'p' and fills it with the differences between consecutive elements from input array "taus". The outer
8373: This Python script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points pt ∈ R^n using Pythagoras' theorem,
8374: This Python function is used to determine the number of bytes required in an integer representation. It starts with setting `maximum` width as ‘zero
8375: This Python script creates an empty list and populates it with the values from "element" dictionary's 'tag'. The final result is returned as
8376: This line of the script is setting up an instance variable 'self' to hold some form or type, which could be any object that has been passed
8377: This function prints the list of files to be preprocesed and returns that same information.  The result is an iterable object containing all these
8378: This Python function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm. It compares each prediction with its corresponding target, and increments 'count' if they match
8379: If the 'rule' parameter isn’t provided, return an empty string. Otherwise just simply returns that value of ‘rule'. This function will
8380: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8381: This Python function checks if there exists an integer sequence of length 'k' with the given condition. If such number is found it returns true else false
8382: This function checks if all elements of the list 'value' are present as members within another set. If any element is missing, it returns false;
8383: This Python script attempts to read the contents of an inputted filename and returns it if successful; otherwise prints out error message indicating that no such files exist
8384: This script calculates the number of steps per learning rate decay. It creates an array to store milestone points and initializes it with zeroes before
8385: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty list called 'all\_RLZRecs' and then removing first record from it. The
8386: This Python script returns the first element of each tuple from an input list.  It's used to extract features that are common across all tup
8387: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of shifting bits in x, where '&' is bitwise AND operator. The first part
8388: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns one. Otherwise nothing happens and continues to execute further lines of codes until all conditions are met
8389: This line of the Python script converts an input string to its equivalent decimal representation after removing any percentages from it, and then divides that by
8390: This function takes two positions as input and returns the smallest rectangle that encloses both of them. The four coordinates are returned in order - left top
8391: This function checks if the first word of any string in an iterable is "abstract". It returns True when it finds such strings, and False
8392: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding string from four options. The possible values are defined by constants in your program, but you
8393: This Python script creates an output list with zeros of the same length as input labels. Then, it iterates over each label and converts that
8394: Checks if the third element of array 'b' is greater than first, while second elements in arrays are less.  If both conditions hold true
8395: This Python script counts the number of events per pair from an input dictionary. The output is then printed to stdout or returned as part result if required
8396: This function calculates the maximum units of stock that can be sold in one day. The input parameters are daily sales limit and average sale per unit respectively
8397: If the string '!! P AN C I !!' is found within standard output, it returns true. Otherwise false will be returned as per requirement of
8398: If the input is not null or empty then it will return an Object Type with its value. Else returns 'Nothing'.  [ObjectType]
8399: This Python function splits each input string into its constituent parts and converts them to their respective data types using the builtin functions of python such
8400: This function returns the result of multiplying 'horse_power' by seven hundred and forty six. The multiplication is done to convert Horse Power into K
8401: A dictionary of vehicles and their respective speeds. The speed is in km/h as per the given data set from an example vehicle to its maximum possible
8402: This function takes two lists of numbers as input, multiplies the corresponding elements in each list together and returns them. The result is another pair/t
8403: This function divides two numbers and returns the result. If division by zero occurs, it raises an error with message "Error in Division".  Code
8404: This line of the given Python script is checking whether an array's current element has been reached. If it hasn’t, then return its position
8405: This Python function checks whether the given dictionary has keys 'expressions' or not. If it does, then returns that value; otherwise tries to return
8406: This Python script calculates the harmonic mean of an input list, which is defined as “the number elements by total reciprocals divided” and
8407: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns true when it's an integer and false otherwise, based on whether or not there exists
8408: This Python function checks whether the input 'I'm an instance of List or not. If it does then return that as output else convert to one
8409: If the provided 'index' is less than zero, it adds to its current value and then checks whether that new summation has resulted in an Index
8410: This Python script writes the required text to an output file using File Handling in python, with specific formatting and line breaks as per requirements specified by
8411: This Python function returns the combination of three input parameters as one string. The first two are converted to strings, and then concatenated with '-'.
8412: This function converts the user's response to lowercase and checks if it is either 'Y', or ‘Yes’, then returns true
8413: This line of the function returns true if absolute difference between measured and theoretical value is less than specified 'tolerance'.  It uses Python's
8414: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8415: If the camera id is found, it returns its corresponding OpenMVG ID. Otherwise checks whether there are any known open MVGCamID
8416: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The value returned is dependent upon 'x' which can be any real
8417: A Python script that converts the input text into dictionary where keys are indices and values corresponding to sentences from given string of texts separated by ".", each
8418: This Python function calculates the step size of an external maximum and minimum value. The result is then used to generate list comprehension that generates tup
8419: This script is used to print the contents of two lists. The first list contains information about different ATMs and each element within that sublist has three
8420: Checks whether the input string is valid according to certain conditions, namely that it has exactly 8 characters and starts with "C" followed by one
8421: This function takes two strings as input, first and last; it looks up the position of these in string 's' using find method from Python’
8422: This line of Python script returns the filtered version without None values.  It's similar to using 'list comprehension', but in one liner
8423: This Python script returns all the elements of list 'b' that start with "Error" or any other string provided as input to it, using List
8424: This Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two dictionaries and then divides it by number if keys are equal or raises an error when
8425: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8426: This Python function checks if the VLANs of an object are present within another list, and returns true only when they're absent from each
8427: This Python function calculates the mel scale frequency of an inputted note number, given in semitones from C4 on MIDI standard keyboard
8428: This Python function reverses the order of characters in each word from input string 'text'.  It uses split() and join(). The result is returned
8429: This Python function multiplies two numbers together, with the first number being 'numeric' and second one is an index. The result of multiplication will
8430: This line of Python script converts the input to an integer, multiplies it by ‘ten raised power’ and then divides back into its
8431: This python script converts an input list into three separate variables by performing elementwise subtractions between corresponding elements of 'b' with those in another
8432: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of unique English language terms. For each term, it checks if that same termin
8433: A function that generates an oneliner description of the given parameters. The length should be less than 79 characters to fit in one line and
8434: This Python script is performing an operation on the list of values. It first reverses each value and then multiplies all elements together using lambda function
8435: This line of the Python script checks whether an object passed to it as argument 'is_str' belongs or not in class type and returns that value
8436: This function returns an error message if the input is neither 'yes', nor ‘no’ and nothing else; otherwise prints out that user was un
8437: This line of Python script replaces all single quotes with nothing, then encodes the result as unicode escape and finally decoded it back to its
8438: This line of the Python function returns degrees multiplied by fifteen. It's an example to show how one can convert from radians into other units
8439: If the length of 'super_set' is greater than that by which we are checking, return false. Otherwise continue with our logic to check all
8440: Counts the number of zeros from an array.  This is done by using list comprehension and builtin function 'sum' to add up
8441: If 'a' is greater than ‘b’, return the value of "A", else it returns B. This function will always compare two
8442: Checks if the command is present within list of commands.  If it'is, returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending on what
8443: This line of the given Python script returns two values from an input dictionary. The first value is "exitCode" and it's returned, while
8444: This Python function checks if the input string, 'X', can be interpreted as either `True`或'False'. If it cannot interpret itself correctly
8445: This Python script calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The function 'max_absolute' takes as input 3 arrays
8446: A function that returns the value of "/" key in dictionary.  The returned object is an empty string because it's not possible to have non
8447: This line of the given C++ function checks if bit 'i' in binary representation is set or not. It does so by performing left shift operation
8448: This function takes as input an array of lists and returns the same output, but with each consecutive pair where both elements have equal values at index '2
8449: This function calculates the average of two numbers, taking into account an incremental count. It's similar to moving averages in finance but with
8450: This line of the Python function calculates and returns half value from both variables. The result is then used in another calculation or returned by other functions as
8451: Sorts the entries list in Python by date and name.  The lambda function is used to specify how each item should be compared when sorting
8452: This Python function splits the given string into two parts at each '.' and converts them to integers respectively which are then returned as separate integer values
8453: If the keys 'manifests' or ‘version’ are present, return their respective values. Otherwise returns an empty string."""(code
8454: This Python script prints the contents of each file and directory within an archive. It uses 'tarfile' module to read from .tgz or other
8455: This python script connects to Google Cloud' compute API and fetches the URL of an accelerated GPU model in specific GCP Project & Zone –
8456: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
8457: This function returns the type of SVG cap style. It takes one parameter, 'svg' which is either flat or round and determines what kind it
8458: This line of the program is checking if all characters are either '.' or an exclamation mark. If not, it returns False; otherwise True
8459: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain formulas to each component in its input array, then returns their weighted sum as output
8460: This Python function splits the input string 'field' into two parts at each occurrence of "(". It then returns second part after stripping off leading
8461: This line of the function calculates an empirical mean squared error between observed and simulated data, taking into account some noise in 'epsilon'. The result
8462: This Python function checks the type of 'Status' and returns true or false based on whether it matches one out these specific conditions. If not all are
8463: This line of the script converts all characters in 'dss_geoPoint' to lower case and splits it into two parts at first occurrence
8464: This line of the script returns an absolute path to data files. The variables $businessID, rawDataId and fileName are used in constructing
8465: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is 'r' followed by an incremented number from rcid mod
8466: This function returns the stripping of input string "Line" and checks if it's not empty or null, returning true/false accordingly based on
8467: This python script cleans the messiness of name by removing unnecessary characters. It does so only if it's not part 3rd character or more
8468: This line of the given Python script splits all elements in 'labels' string by comma and returns them as list, ie., it converts
8469: This Python function checks if the given list has exactly three elements, where second element is 'LANe', third one's name in lower case
8470: If the key 'enabled' exists and its value is True, return that. Otherwise it returns false by default – Code snippet to be
8471: This Python script sorts the list of domains from an input dictionary by their length, and appends them to another output array before returning it as resultant
8472: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8473: Checks if the input is an odd number, then checks whether it's even. If both conditions are met - returns "true", otherwise "-
8474: If the inputted ratings is empty, it returns 'NA'. Otherwise checks each of them to see whether they are from specified `source`.
8475: This line of the given Python script is returning two values. The first value returned by 'box' function refers to row start index and second one corresponds
8476: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8477: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The absolute values are used to ensure that distances can be positive or negative,
8478: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers in an array, then subtract it from another calculated value. The result is returned as output which
8479: This Python script generates an HTML string with the title and number of URLs appended to it based on input arguments passed into its function call as parameters
8480: This line of the given Python script checks whether both 'd' is divisible by either variable, i.e., it returns that value in case
8481: This Python function takes two dictionary objects as input, compares them by key values using the 'set' data structure to find out which ones are present
8482: This function checks if the file ends with ".python", and returns True only when it's NOT ending on either of two special strings, ie
8483: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it."(*) Code::Array[T]   result = new
8484: This Python script calculates the compression ratio of an encoded text using probability distributions and length information from messages to be sent over network connections or storage devices based
8485: This line of the given Python script defines an anonymous function as 'decorating' another. It uses disptach method from functools to create
8486: If both arguments are empty or keyworded only return the keys. Else handle them as normal function calls with no changes in input data structure."
8487: If the input 'value' isn’t provided or it equals to ‘None', return null. Otherwise calculate and format bytes from start index till
8488: This Python function returns the first two elements of an array and none in addition to third element from another given list. The last one is also returned as
8489: This function checks if the string starts with '[' character, ends in']' characters using Python language 3 syntaxes only; it returns True or
8490: This line of the given C++ program is creating and initializing an integer variable named 'mask'. The value assigned to it depends on how many bit
8491: This line checks if the first two characters of each string are "@@". If so, it returns True. Otherwise False is returned by these lines in
8492: This is an implementation of the Babylonian method to find approximate square roots. It starts with some initial value and then repeatedly refines it until its
8493: This Python function returns the reversed message from an input dictionary.  It does so by accessing "request['message']", then using slicing to
8494: This function checks if the input is one element long list of tuples with first elements being lists or touples. It also verifies that each
8495: This Python function returns the length of longest string in list. It filters out non integer elements and then maps over them to get their lengths using map()
8496: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
8497: Returns True if the 10th element in 'anno' is equal to string value of "'Corrected'" AND it was NOT previously
8498: This line of the program calculates how many spaces are needed to make up an equal number between characters and strings. If there aren't enough,
8499: Check if the input variable 'save' exists and it has an appropriate value, otherwise return error messages related to invalid inputs in one line using Python programming
8500: This function calculates the inverse of an equation based on two parameters r_min and delta, where 'delta' is calculated as halfway between these
8501: The function checks whether the first character of string is lowercase. If it'is, then return true; otherwise - returns False and also prints an
8502: If the data is empty or all keys are missing in any record of 'proc_date', return an emtpy list. Otherwise sort and group
8503: This function takes an expression as input, checks if the length of that string is 3. If it's not three characters long or its second
8504: This Python function generates an array of 3 numbers, then modifies the first two elements to be equal with those from another list. The last element
8505: This script is used to create dictionaries where the keys are unique identifiers of different clustering algorithms and values represent lists containing tokens from each specific algorithm.
8506: A script that uses iptable to block DNS traffic, then redirects the output of dnsmasq' proxy command into an array called
8507: This Python script generates the largest possible square number that can be divided by all numbers from 3 to n without leaving any remainder and returns it as output
8508: This script checks if the Nova credentials dictionary contains an entry with SUPERNOVA_KEY and returns true or false based on whether it exists within
8509: This Python function converts RGB values to grayscale. It takes in three parameters r and/or both of the other two; if one is
8510: If the input n isn't of type 'int', raise and value error with message "input should only contain integers".  This will prevent any
8511: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
8512: This function checks whether the number is even and less than zero. If it does, then returns its negative value; otherwise nothing happens or an error will
8513: This line of Python function converts binary to its equivalent in Hexadecimal format. The input is the 'bin' string and it returns
8514: This Python script creates an inverse DNA complementary mapping using the provided dictionaries and then uses it to create its own reverse of any given input string "
8515: This Python script is designed to take the third element of each tuple from an input list and concatenates them into one string. The result will be printed
8516: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8517: This script is used to count the number of winners and runnner ups from each distinct winning districts. The data comes with two columns "W
8518: This function checks the value of `scattering_type` and assign it to variable. If not, raises an error with appropriate message if unknown or
8519: This function checks if the first two characters of each string in an iterable are "--" and returns True only when all strings start with that pattern,
8520: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as its own element in case no other condition applies. If not none or one out off
8521: This line of the Python script returns all elements in an input list except its first one.  It's similar to slicing but without creating new
8522: This function takes three arguments and returns two values. The first value is the position of 'y' in relation to its original location ('pos'), while
8523: Returns the expected HTTP status from APICAST auth and http bin host.  This is used to validate that our requests are being made correctly with all
8524: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, subtracts one from another. The result is then returned as an integer value of 'one'.
8525: This Python script creates an unordered collection of unique lowercase strings from the list 'Scenarios'. It then checks if all elements are present and
8526: This Python function checks if the input is between one and ten. If it's not, then return an error value of '1'. Otherwise returns
8527: This Python script counts the number of occurrences or instances where 'i' appears within "transcrip" and returns that count. The variable
8528: This function checks if the first three characters of each string in an input list are "///", which is used to denote comments or documentation, with at
8529: This function subtracts one from the input. If not given any value, it returns an error message stating that you need to enter something."
8530: This script is used to check if the reference provided by NLU and/or Natural Language Understanding matches with any of our predefined references
8531: This Python script splits the input string by '-' and reverses it before concatenating with another part of reverse order in both directions using slicing
8532: This function returns the string ' Hello ', followed by whatever is in variable `name`, and then an exclamation mark.  It'
8533: This line of the given C++ program is performing an operation on integer values. The resultant value after shifting bits to right by 'n' places
8534: This Python function creates an empty string and checks if the given 'index' dictionary has any value associated with its corresponding keys. If it does have such
8535: This function checks whether the input 'int' type or its negative counterpart in binary form. If it isn’t an integer then return false;
8536: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string 'meeting topic' against one of several possible matches and returns that matched value if it exists;
8537: Code checks the length of two strings and returns their lengths based on whether they are both empty or not. If neither is true it uses dynamic programming to
8538: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'value' input which is assumed to be some kind of collection or set and append
8539: If the string is empty, return zero as it'll result in division by Zero error later on; otherwise calculate and returns value based off of
8540: This script calculates the errors in terms of percentage and returns them as dictionary with keys corresponding to different geometrical shapes defined by user input parameters such slice
8541: This Python function checks the value of an input variable 'answer' and returns either true ('1') when it is equal to one among four predef
8542: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8543: This function scales the input value from one range to another. The scale is determined by subtracting 'offset' and dividing it with difference between two
8544: This python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The length and type/content are assumed to be same, which is
8545: This Python script checks if the given string matches with an eMail pattern in regular expression form and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's
8546: This Python script checks the value of `scheme` and sets it to either file, http or https based on its current state. If no location is
8547: This function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on its nature. It then returns or prints out some value from that object depending upon
8548: This Python script filters out the footer from each list item and sorts them based on their second element of tuple, which is assumed to be some kind
8549: This function normalizes the 'age' variable by dividing it with an arbitrary number. The result is then subtracted from one to make sure that
8550: " + r"(?i)" + str_var1, pattern = re.compile(".*")  # Compile the regexp and create
8551: This Python function returns the last part of an input string after finding its '/' character, if it exists in any form else return original unaltered
8552: This line of the Python function checks if two tuples have equal third elements. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by
8553: This Python script sorts the list of strings in alphabetical order. The sorted function is used to sort an iterable object, and lambda functions
8554: This Python script splits each string on whitespace and converts the resulting list of strings into floats, effectively converting them to numbers that can be
8555: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8556: This Python function checks the range of two numbers, lower & upper. If any number is out in that specific order it returns 'BLER' otherwise
8557: This Python script returns the same result as list comprehension but is more concise. It iterates over each nested lists and extracts all items from
8558: This function returns the URL with scheme, domain and port.  The default schema is 'https' if no other value provided in input parameters or it
8559: If 'x' and the input are not defined or given as an integer/float then return "Error". Otherwise calculate one of two things based on
8560: This function takes in an array of strings, fragments. It then joins the elements with slash ('/') and returns it as one string using Python
8561: This function calculates the output of an optical radiation model. The input is 'rad\_input' and it uses some form factor to calculate its value
8562: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product. The result is calculated by multiplying the corresponding elements of both vector, then summing
8563: This Python function checks if the end of one string is greater than or equal to its start, while also checking that another's ends are at least
8564: This script initializes the minimum distance to infinity and then iterates over each alphabetical character of 'parent's sequence. For every iteration it
8565: If the 'potential' is zero, it returns one. Otherwise return either "actual" or its reciprocal depending on which value of both
8566: This function checks the type of input and returns an appropriate response. If it's none then return empty array else check whether its instance in either '
8567: If the last element of list 'xs' is equal to its first, return value from index - 3 in array "ys". Else check
8568: This function returns the input string if it's not None, else appending "suffix" to end of that.  It is used in
8569: This function splits the given `filepath` into an array of strings using '/', then it looks to see whether there is any string that matches
8570: This function returns the smallest of three numbers. If all are same, it will return one number but only once in case where they're not equal
8571: This line of the Python script removes 'username' from list. The function is used to remove certain unwanted field names that are not needed or may
8572: This Python script creates and returns dictionary of bits from the given variable paths using list comprehension to split string into parts by '/' symbol then uses zip
8573: This Python script prints the values of variables 'X' and ‘Y’. It then returns their product, which can be used in further calculations
8574: This Python function splits the input 'id' string into separate ID strings using "===" as separator and then filters out any empty or
8575: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual word(s). The result is stored in an array called "splitted".  It
8576: This Python script finds the maximum value of "chkpt_integer" from all states.  It does so by iterating over each state and
8577: This function checks whether the given list of usernames contains "*". If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned indicating that an
8578: This Python script checks the first character of each element in an array, and returns true only when it is either ':' or starts with "/". If
8579: This function checks if the given string starts with either "www.", “//” ,or 'htt' and returns True only when it is
8580: This Python function returns the appropriate value based on input string 't'. If no match is found, it will return `None` by default in case
8581: This Python script splits the input string into individual "tok"nes based on newline and whitespace characters, then further breaks each token up by
8582: If the input number is negative, calculate and output its FIBonacci value.  Otherwise just print it out as normal integer in Python language
8583: This Python function calculates and returns an object's angular momentum based on its mass, radius of curvature 'r', angle with respect to horizontal axis
8584: This python function counts the number of trees on each side from down and to up. It uses two pointers, one at "up" direction
8585: This function takes an input string, splits it into individual keys using ';' as the delimiter and then uses these to access values from
8586: This script finds the maximum length of any string within an input list. It then returns all strings from that long, excluding their first character only when
8587: This Python function takes in three vectors and returns the first element of each divided by their respective sums.  It does so using list comprehension to calculate
8588: This Python script calculates the total of all elements present within an input list, and returns that value as 'product'. The initial "value" is
8589: This function calculates the power of m to be raised by another number 'n'. The result is returned.  Code type and purpose are clear from
8590: This Python function iterates over the 'keys' list and checks if each item exists as an entry within dictionary. If it does exist then that value
8591: If the value of 'b' is greater than three twenty eight, it will be reduced to its remainder when divided by thirty two. This operation reduces
8592: This Python script creates an empty list and then append to it the lists of numbers from i upto but not including 'step' with incrementing by
8593: This Python function checks the data types and performs different operations based on whether it's an Integer. If not either 'int', then check last element
8594: This Python script writes the contents of an array to disk. The filename is specified and each sentence from 'sentences' will be written on separate lines
8595: This function calculates the ratio of unique tokens to total number in input list, and returns True if it's more than 86% distinct
8596: This Python function converts bytes to gigabytes. It does so by dividing the input in Bytestes with 864 million and
8597: This Python function calculates the sum of digits at even positions and multiplies them by two or three depending on their position. If after all calculations
8598: This Python function is used to separate the list of dictionaries 'files' into two lists based on whether they contain an element with key named “
8599: This Python script calculates the checksum using bitwise operations. The input is an array of integers, and it returns one integer value which represents calculated
8600: This function calculates the number of blocks needed to fill up an area with given length and width, rounded down using ceil() from Python's
8601: This Python function returns the values of variables as dictionary.  The names and types are self explanatory but it's important to note that 'V
8602: This line of the function checks if two users have different ids. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by comparing their "
8603: This function checks if every value of the dictionary 'banking chemicals' is nonnegative by using Python builtin "all" and generator expression to iter
8604: This function checks whether the input 'Path' variable or any of its elements are strings. If it finds one string in either case - returns that as
8605: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
8606: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
8607: This function returns the start of any URL in Python, if it exists; otherwise return full string as is – Code snippet to find and
8608: Return True if the image has an EXIF tag named 'Orientaiton' with value 1, else False. This is used to check whether
8609: This Python function calculates the area of two triangles given their base and height. The formula used is based on Heron's Formula,
8610: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one value. The function 'frange' is used to generate an iterable sequence, then
8611: This function takes two parameters - 'columns' and ‘parameter’. It then returns the result of calling pairing each element within "colums
8612: This Python script splits the input string into lines and then each line is split by comma to form points which are converted from strings of numbers separated with
8613: If the 'input' quata doesnt have an overhead, it will return true. Otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no additional costs to
8614: A dictionary of action mappings. The keys are the names, and their values represent lists that contain install commands to be executed when those specific named functions
8615: A simple program that calculates the perfect squares of numbers. It starts with “guess” as one and keeps adding to it until its value
8616: This Python script reads from the file, removes leading and trailing whitespace on each line in it using strip(), then joins all lines into one string
8617: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The result is negative two times first parameter multiplied by second and third, plus
8618: This Python script splits the given string into parts based on specific patterns, and then returns one of those pieces if it exists; otherwise return 'None
8619: If the variable 'x' equals 1, return string with specific formatting. Otherwise just returns default value of that type in Python language."
8620: This Python function subtracts two vectors element by elements. It checks if the input lists are of equal lengths, and raises an error otherwise."""
8621: This function converts temperature from Celsius to HectoPascals, which is the equivalent of hectopascal(s).
8622: This Python function takes two arguments, the 'songs' dictionary and an array of songs to arrange. It checks whether each required element exists within given
8623: This Python script is used to filter the list of configurations based on certain criteria, such as "manifests" type or specific number from streams within
8624: This Python function returns the indices of vowels ('a', 'e','u' , etc.) from an input string `words`, which is
8625: If the number of coordinates is less than two, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns difference between second coordinate from first one with third coordiantes in
8626: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'n' an integer value. The calculation involves dividing char length by four,
8627: This function checks whether the given input 'object' has an attribute of name "name". If it does then returns True else return false.  It
8628: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. If point is not at origin, it returns sqrt((abs^1
8629: This Python function checks whether the three numbers are divisible by either two, four of their sum. If they do then it returns true else false is
8630: If the 'denominatore' is zero, return an error message. Otherwise calculate and returns percentage of numeric value in string format with decimal
8631: This Python function counts the number of occurrences where an element is equal to 'n' steps away from its position. The array "a"
8632: This line of the script is an empty action. It does nothing but declare and initialize variable "emptyAction" as string with value "", which can be
8633: This line of the Python script is creating an HTML file name based on its input filename. The function `splitem` from 'os' module extract
8634: This Python function calculates the values of an interpolated sequence. The first value is calculated as 'dx' which represents difference between consecutive points and second
8635: This function checks the type of input and converts it to an integer or floating point number. If conversion isn't possible due either string representation as
8636: Creates an array of unique 'rel' and other starting with B/ I / S or E. Replaces prefix -s to be replaced by
8637: This Python function generates the list of tuples from an inputted 'triplet' dictionary where each tuple contains two elements - one is found
8638: This Python function finds the integer value inside brackets in string 'S'. If no such substring is found, it returns default return of "1
8639: 根据文件名中的后缀和前置词判断返回相应的字符串。如果没有匹配到，则默认为
8640: This function checks the first 7 characters of each file in 'path' and compares it to string" data/" . If they match, then
8641: This Python function replaces all occurrences of '-' in the string with an underscore ('_'). If no such character exists, it returns
8642: If the tag isn't present, return false. Check whether there are any tags or check to see that it’s either an array of strings
8643: This Python function takes as input an ASCII encoded hexadecimal number, strips it and converts the resulting binary to decimal if its size is
8644: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'column' is equal to one or two, and assigns an integer value accordingly. If none match
8645: This Python function splits the input string on '==' and returns only first part of it after stripping leading/trailing spaces or None if
8646: This Python function calcula...  Code is calculating the volume of an ellipsoid. The formula used here involves two parameters, 'radius'
8647: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'records' variable and append each "ID", which is found within every dictionary
8648: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array. (Note that, if no element is present then it should
8649: "A function that calculates and returns one divided by N exp minus one"   Description:"This Python script is designed as part functionality used when
8650: This Python function calculates the remainder of division. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find gcd and then applies it on second number in
8651: This Python script calculates the size of each element within an array. It starts by checking if there are any elements to process and then it adds up
8652: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts based on '\t' character and returns them as dictionary with keys 'Tag',
8653: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function in Python. It uses bitwise shift and addition to calculate it, which can be faster than using
8654: This python script calculates the distance between two vectors using cosine similarity, which is then normalized and compared to return value of ‘distance’ variable
8655: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'x' multiplied by 1% ('y') with no rounding or truncation
8656: This line of the script splits an input string by "." and extracts only one part after it, which is then further split into two parts
8657: This function takes two lists as input, and returns the result of applying an operation to all elements from both sequences. The reduction is done using 'red
8658: This function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It does so by adding up each element and then dividing that total with
8659: This Python function checks whether the absolute difference between .val and zero is greater than one or not by multiplying it with two before subtracting on in
8660: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an inputted array. The 'list' function converts it into another data type, and then
8661: Returns an object with the provided parameters. The 'content' parameter is not used in any way and can be safely removed or replaced by another variable if
8662: This Python function calculates the product of absolute values from two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate and multiply these sums together,
8663: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).
8664: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in functions to find these values efficiently without needing an explicit loop or
8665: This function calculates an energy density of one atom in m^(-1/4)) using Einstein's relation, which is given by E=
8666: This Python script converts all strings from the given 'list' into one single string. The output is stored as "Result".  It does not
8667: If the list of booleans is empty, return false. Otherwise check all elements in that array and see whether they are true or not; at
8668: This function converts underscores in the input string to hyphens.  It's used as an example of how one might write such functions
8669: This Python function splits an input string into two floats if possible and returns them in tuple format or return 'None's respectively when the split
8670: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
8671: This function returns different values based on the input 'score'. If it's less than .3, then its value is zero; between (.4
8672: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the number from file names that end with .pth or _<number>_.txt, and return it
8673: Returns whether the given "event" has an attribute named 'metadata' and if so, checks its type to see it matches with provided `event_
8674: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of an average value between two given values, with some small adjustments to prevent division by zero error in
8675: This script converts two input strings to their respective lengths and then compares the characters of each string. If they are equal, it adds them as
8676: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The variable 'initial_pos' is set to be one plus half that
8677: If the 'variant' variable does not exist, return "None", otherwise strip any leading or trailing whitespace from it and then returns that value
8678: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'adict' and checks if each key is present within list "allow
8679: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime and returns its factors or itself as an array of integers when it's not divisible by any
8680: This function checks whether the IPI number is empty, and returns an error message or otherwise formats it as 9 digits. If no input was
8681: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its risk and returns, with some additional parameters to adjust these values according specific circumstances or goals in
8682: This function returns the result of adding or subtracting one from another depending on whether it's greater than its predecessor. If not, then minus
8683: This function checks the visibility of an object based on its 'name' attribute, returning one among four predefined values depending upon whether it is public
8684: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
8685: This line of the function returns an object that combines x and y. The properties from both objects are copied into it in order to create new combined data
8686: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and another list of integers. It returns the summation result as per your requirement or else it throws error
8687: This function calculates the total color difference between two images. It raises an exception when they have unequal lengths, and then sums up all colors in
8688: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
8689: A function that takes two parameters, 'guess' and returns an object with the properties file set to foo. The signature property is also equal as
8690: This Python function sorts the scores of an array based on their corresponding times, and then returns these values as another list with indices rearranged according to
8691: This function returns the numeric value of an input string, based on its color. If it's not recognized as one among white/black or
8692: This Python script checks whether the string "legendssummaryhiddencontentstyledisplaynonenonereplacesearchpatternwithemptyst
8693: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
8694: This Python script calculates the accuracy of predictions made by an algorithm. It compares each prediction with its corresponding label and sums up all these comparisons
8695: This line of Python script calculates the number one tenths in terms, where interval is an input. It uses bitwise shift to calculate power
8696: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses three variables to store distances and returns closest point on line segment
8697: This python script calculates the cross product of two vectors. The result is stored in 'cross_product'.  It then normalizes these results and
8698: This function checks if the number is divisible by either two numbers. If it's evenly divided and also can be perfectly split into three parts
8699: This function checks the type of 'input' and returns different values based on its types. If it’s an integer or floating point number - return
8700: It creates two sets of keys from the dictionary 'A' and Dictionary B'. Then it removes all common key pairs between these ‘two’ dict
8701: This line of the Python script converts an uppercased character followed by any number in between to its ASCII value, then decodes it back
8702: This Python script creates an array of arrays by multiplying the elements at corresponding positions from two input lists M and ‘N’. The output is
8703: This function returns the value of two different return statements, depending on whether or not 't' is less than equal to five in Python language syntax and
8704: If the given 'strong' is found, return its index. Otherwise returns an empty list – one line function to find out whether or not there
8705: Creates an empty list and fills it with the values from row['...'] using indices specified by vector[]. The result is returned as 'trans
8706: This function calculates the value of an irrational number. The result is returned as “one plus” its reciprocal, raised to
8707: This line of the Python script checks if user has one among five roles defined. If yes, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that they
8708: This function calculates the difference between two intervals in an array. It subtracts one interval from another, effectively shifting and slicing arrays to get
8709: This Python function checks whether the given 'env' variable is present or not. If it exists, then appends its current values to an existing list
8710: This Python function sorts two lists and compares them. If they are the same, it returns 'True', otherwise -'False'. The comparison is
8711: Returns an HTTP response with status of 'Not Implemented' and the message as Gnupg Key Deleted. This is not expected to
8712: This function calculates the integer square root of x. It's used in various algorithms and calculations related to number theory, such as RSA encryption
8713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8714: This function returns either '+' or '-', depending on whether the input is greater than, equal to或lesserthan an arbitrary number "th
8715: If the given 'key' is present as an entry of dictionary then return its value else check all entries and find matching lowercased keys from them
8716: This Python script splits the input string into separate rows, removes leading/trailing whitespace from each row and then joins them back together with spaces
8717: This function calculates the product of two points in 3D space. The coordinates are given as tuples and returned by reference to avoid mut
8718: This Python function checks whether the input parameters are both integer values. If they aren't it raises an error with message "Aand Bmustbe
8719: This Python function tries to convert the input value into an integer or floating point number. If it fails due some reason like non numeric string and returns
8720: This line of the given Python script is returning 'obs' dictionary with key named as text vector. If it exists, then returns that value; otherwise
8721: This function calculates the value of 'cdd' based on different cases. It takes three parameters, which are used to calculate and return one single
8722: This function takes an input string, and returns the same output as before but with all non-"A" to "-F", characters replaced by their corresponding
8723: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it had been run through str().replace(' ', ''). It removes leading/
8724: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8725: If the time between peak and baseline is less than or equal to "cfg['filer']['gap']"- signal rise, return sum of two energies
8726: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it was shifted 1 character to right. It does so by converting each
8727: This line of the program is creating an underscore string and concatenating it with "new name". The result will be stored in 'newname
8728: This line of Python script returns the result from dividing 'd' by pi, which is equivalent to converting degrees into radians in python programming language
8729: This Python function takes two strings as input and returns True when the first string's value is less than second one. If they are equal it will
8730: If the current iteration's data does not contain an 'image', it returns `None` and moves on to next one in sequence; otherwise return
8731: This function returns an empty list of tuples in Python with the same structure as input but without any values assigned to it or functionality added by default
8732: Code checks if the number and length are equal in both yTrue &amp;#34;/&gt;&lt;" + str((n
8733: If the fourth column is empty, return an array of URLs with title as third colum value from second to eighth columns; otherwise append them
8734: This Python script checks the name of your current working directory and returns an appropriate source folder based on that. If it's not one listed, then
8735: This script checks whether the network interface is either wan(al), eth, etc. and returns its type accordingly – WiFi/ Ethernet / Current
8736: This Python script generates two lists from the given 'points' list. The first one contains minimum values of all coordinates and second - maximums respectively by
8737: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns zeros. Otherwise - does nothing and simply continues to next line of program execution until end or
8738: This function calculates the number of bytes needed to store an array with 'bytes wide' elements. The size is calculated as per grouping rules and
8739: This function returns the string representation of an integer based on its value. If it's divisible by either one or both three and five then '
8740: Code prints the function name, two arguments' values then returns their sums.  The first argument is added to second one in order of position as per
8741: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it along with its language, or just return that there is no such information. If not literal
8742: This Python function takes as input the list of 'target'-like strings and separates them into two lists based on whether they start with '-'. The
8743: This Python function checks whether the first number is less than or equal to second. If it's true then returns two numbers separated by "-" in
8744: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8745: This function returns the opposite of what it's given, but only when its input is one among several predefined strings. If no such string
8746: This Python function takes two arguments, an optional `inputList` and another one called 'ItemsToRemove'. If the first argument isn't provided
8747: This function takes the number of minutes as input and returns two values. The first value is calculated by taking modulo division with one day in terms on
8748: If the key 'unfolding' is present, return its value. Otherwise it returns an empty tuple as default result – one line of python
8749: This function checks whether two files are the same, excluding any .pysuffixes (.python compiled object). If they end with either '.
8750: This function removes the rightmost newline character from text. It also returns an empty string if there is no such char in '\\' at all
8751: Filters the given conceptual string array to only include those with specific keywords, such as 'comorbidities', ‘Demographic’ etc
8752: This line of the Python script is adding an underscore before any uppercase character in 'c' if it isn’t already there, and also
8753: This function checks whether the given 'd' dictionary has an entry with specific keys. If it does have such entries then returns its value; otherwise return
8754: This line of the script initializes an empty dictionary called 'item_dict' and creates two lists, one named "items" to store all items
8755: If the types of 'A' & ‘B’ are different or one value/type from them exists then return false; else check equality between
8756: This Python function returns the value of epsilon, which is calculated based on some parameters. The values are given as input to calculate and returned by that
8757: This line of Python script replaces all newlines in the input string with HTML break tags, effectively converting it into an unordered list or bulleted
8758: Returns True if some string starts with one of the given list/prefixes. Otherwise returns False or None depending on whether all strings fail to start by
8759: A Python function that calculates the product of all elements within an array.  The result is returned as 'product'.   It uses loop to iter
8760: This function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then checks if it's either 'cpp', C
8761: This function calculates the ratio of CPU usage to its share limit, scaling it by multiplying with number and dividing. The result is then returned
8762: This Python script generates an array of strings, where each string is the "-I" followed by one or more paths. The function takes as input all
8763: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'x' is divisible by another number, and returns that other numbers. If not it simply does
8764: This Python script calculates the arithmetic and geometric means, median of an array with even or odd number elements respectively using numpy library's functions
8765: This Python script reads from the first file it finds, and writes to another one with some modifications made by replacing certain strings within each of its content using
8766: This function takes in 1 and/or more steps as input. It then returns the result of adding these inputs together along with 'two' from
8767: This function converts feet to meter. It takes one argument, the number of foot as input and returns its equivalent in metre using conversion factor provided
8768: If the result 'None' then create an empty dictionary. Else, add all elements of each list to their respective keys in our final output dict
8769: This function returns the path to data file based on task name in current directory' ../.. /src folder, with sanitation applied if needed and
8770: This Python function tries to convert the input value into its appropriate form. If it's an integer or floating point number then return that directly; if
8771: This Python function returns the events in ascending order of their start time and track number using lambda as an anonymous sorting method on 'event'
8772: If the string does NOT end with 'x', return it as is, else remove its trailing characters until reaching an ending that ends in "y
8773: This line of the given Python script is performing division operation. The result will be returned by function as output which can then used in further computations or
8774: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8775: Check whether two vectors are equal within the given tolerance. If not they return false; otherwise true is returned after checking all elements of both lists against each
8776: A dictionary is created with keys "first" and “Last”, where the values are respectively stored in variables 'First' &’‘ Last
8777: This Python script generates the transpose of an input matrix. The output is then joined into one string with new lines between each row, and returned as
8778: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. It does so by subtracting each corresponding point from another, squaring that result and
8779: This Python function checks if the input is an integer, floating point number not equal to ‘Zero’. If it isn\' t then convert that
8780: Checks if the input text is not empty. If it's nonempty, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on what was provided as
8781: This function converts the input to its corresponding one line version. It does not modify anything, just returns it in all cases as strings with no additional
8782: This Python script converts all the elements of 'data' list to lower case using List Comprehension and builtin function "str" method
8783: This Python script is used to extract the "results" from an object, then create empty dictionaries and populate them with data. The final dictionary
8784: This Python script uses dictionary to replace certain characters with underscores and then converts the string into lowercase using .format().  The result is
8785: Code converts numbers to human readable format. It handles thousands and billions separately with different suffixes ("k", 'm', etc.). If
8786: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of each element within an inputted array and then returns their average as per given conditions; otherwise it raises
8787: If both SDV(Score Deviation Value, the score deviation value of an event or result in one's opinion on it. It can be
8788: This Python function returns the index of first occurrence when binary representation starts with "zero" and then stops. If no such zero is found it will return
8789: This Python function takes an input string of tags separated by commas and returns them as dictionaries with the name field set to each unique value from that
8790: This line of Python script returns the minimum length among all strings in an input string 's' split by spaces using map and len functions to get lengths
8791: This Python function converts the RGB values of an HSV color to its equivalent in RBG. It takes three parameters - 'h',
8792: This Python function calculates the value of 'beta' based on several parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with equation provided by Dr.-Ing
8793: This line of the Python script checks whether string 'b' is equal to True, and returns either float value one or zero depending on that comparison result
8794: This Python function converts an integer to binary representation. It uses the modulo and division operations in combination with string concatenation as well count of z
8795: This line of the given Python script is returning "zone['currenttemperature']". It's retrieving and displaying current temperature from 'zonename
8796: This line of Python script calculates the number and remainder from division by one hundred. The function returns two values - quotient 'm' which is
8797: This Python script converts the input string to all uppercase and checks if it contains certain keywords, then returns specific strings based on which keyword is found
8798: This script splits the input "prefix" and all subsequent newlines into separate strings. The first two are ignored as they contain only one character each
8799: This Python script calculates the running total of an array using list comprehension and builtin functions, then returns that result as another one dimensional numpy
8800: This function calculates the encoding of Snakes in an array. The input is two integers, 'n' and ‘row’ which represent number
8801: This lambda function flips the bits in binary string. It takes an input of type str, and returns another output which is also as per requirement
8802: This function checks whether the value is nonnegative, and returns an additional amount of money in case it's negative or zero; otherwise return original price
8803: Create function to get name, description and country of an object.  Code is in Python language with the use dictionary as data source "code": ""
8804: This function checks whether the file extension of an input string is one among several specified extensions, and returns true or false accordingly based on that check; otherwise
8805: This Python function calculates the maximum length of any string within an array. It does so by iterating over each element and comparing its current value to
8806: This python function calculates the terms in equation "H" based on given parameters. The first term is calculated as 'delta P' times an index
8807: This script is used to filter out the versions of python packages that are classified as 'programmng language' and return only those which have no classification
8808: This Python function converts the input to its corresponding case insensitive string representation. It handles both integer and float values, as well Boolean inputs with '
8809: This Python script creates an array of floats with the same length as input list 'de'. The first element is set to be equal starting value.
8810: This Python script checks whether the PANDOC environment variable is set to LaTeX or HTML, then sets an option in 'pandocs'
8811: This line of the Python script checks whether or no URL ends with "/". If it doesn’t, then appends one to make sure that there
8812: This line of Python script creates and returns an associative array/dictionary where the keys are from label list. The values correspond to their respective indices
8813: This line of the given Python script is creating an array from all values present within 'resource' dictionary, but only includes those which contain either value with
8814: This Python function takes an input list of tuples and returns the same output as if it were run on that data with no arguments but uses some
8815: This function checks if there is any one on the game field. If so it returns true else false or None depending upon whether such an element exists within
8816: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' based on conditions in dictionary "cond". It then multiplies it with another variable, and finally
8817: This line of the Python function converts all uppercase characters in string 's' to lower case using builtin method .lowercase().
8818: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'input' array, adding each element to it. The result is stored back into
8819: This Python function calculates the minimum possible rectangle dimensions given their areas. It keeps track of both smallest and largest dimension, updating as necessary to find out
8820: This function checks whether the input 'entry' or its elements are lists. If they aren’t and it isn‘ t an instance of List then
8821: This Python script extracts text from multiple PDF files and combines them into one list of strings, splitting the lines by spaces to separate individual "words".
8822: Opens the file and reads its content into memory without stripping leading/trailing whitespace from it using Python's built in 'open',
8823: This function tries to decodes the given message as JSON, and if it succeed returns true; otherwise return false or raises an exception in case of failure
8824: This Python function sorts the input list and then returns an element at specified percentile position from sorted array, or first if there is no such percentage in
8825: This Python function uses regular expressions to parse an input string and if the match found returns RGB values in tuple format else raises error "Argument Error". The
8826: This Python function checks the bounds of an input 'size' and adjusts any negative indices to their corresponding positive values. If there is no need or
8827: This script counts the number of unique dynamic patterns and returns their total. It also takes into account that it's counting all types ("DYN
8828: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8829: This function checks whether the input string matches one of three regular expressions patterns to determine its validity as an international telephone number formatting or not using Python'
8830: Checks the response JSON to see whether there is an entry named `"Waiters Error"' with some associated data, then extracts that information from
8831: This Python function multiplies an integer by its negative one if the input is either 'one' or both numbers are divisible with three. The variables
8832: Replaces all tabs in the given input with four spaces.  The function returns modified version of original text as output which is now free from tab characters
8833: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8834: Counts the number of multiples that are divisible by three from one to 'x'. The result is returned. Code counts how many times it
8835: This Python function calculates the weight of an object based on its mass and density. The result is then updated with some change, which can be thought
8836: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such ones, it will choose any from them randomly to avoid
8837: This Python function checks whether each element of the input list is present within an allowed set. If it'is, then return True; otherwise False and
8838: This function returns the string 'board' appended with '_'. The underscore is just an example. It could be any character or number, but
8839: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8840: A dictionary is created with the keys and values from an input 'userinfo' object. The user info includes name, givenName etc., all in
8841: This Python function takes an array of 8 elements and returns the fourth element, third one. The first two are returned in reverse order as per their
8842: This Python function checks the value of an input variable, ```python`code``` and returns different paths based on which type it is given as its
8843: This Python function takes as input an integer list, and returns the decimal equivalent of its binary representation. The bits are processed from right to left on each
8844: Calculation Velocity Parameter based on Entrance Velocities""" (END OF CODE SUMMARY")  ```python` This
8845: This Python function returns the string with an escape sequence to change its color from green.  The "green" is represented by \x9B\
8846: Creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'energy by monthly' and assigns each key to its corresponding value from another dict
8847: This Python function calculates the interpolated value of 'z' based on its position in relation to two other values, which are given as input.
8848: This function replaces certain special characters in the string with their corresponding HTML entities, and then removes any remaining spaces from within that text to make it more
8849: This Python script calculates the total of all values from dictionary 'a' multiplied by their corresponding value found at same index position on another dicton
8850: Defines function to calculate the frequency of each unique English language term/phrase within an inputted block or document using Python' builtin functions and data
8851: This line of the given Python script checks whether each character in string '`str' is alphanumeric or not, and returns it as an
8852: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion with caching. If number is less than two it returns that value and stops
8853: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8854: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'result' object and appends each value of key to "value". The final
8855: This Python function converts RGB values to grayscale. It uses bitwise operations and the fact that each color channel is represented by one of eight
8856: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8857: This function checks if the given dictionary contains keys from an expected list.  It returns True only when it has these four mandatory fields, and False otherwise
8858: This function cleans the given dictionary by replacing any empty values with `None` and returning it as output of that specific call to its parent method/function
8859: This function checks whether the given string contains any of several common URL patterns, and returns an integer based on which pattern was found or not in order to
8860: This Python script opens the specified text files and reads its content line by –line in case of an error it returns empty list instead to avoid any
8861: This Python function checks the extension of an input string, and returns different strings based on its type - if it's ".csV", then '\
8862: This function checks if the given pattern is valid. It returns true only when it's not an empty string nor one of two specific kinds ("pat
8863: This function returns '3' when the input is less than '-9.76', or greater that '.84'. Otherwise, it will return
8864: This Python script assigns unique ID to each annotation. The function iterates over the list of all available annotaions and adds "unique_ID
8865: This function checks the value of an admin variable and returns it as per conditions mentioned above; otherwise return default ''. If there's any question mark
8866: This Python function converts string 'S' to lowercase, removes the first and last character of it if they are either letters or numbers respectively using
8867: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8868: This is an implementation of the Pascale's Triangle using recursion. The function takes two parameters - 'i', which represents current row and
8869: This line of Python script is changing the values in variables 'day', ‘month' and "year" based on their current value. If today
8870: This Python function checks whether the input string contains any non alphanumeric characters and also starts with digit, returning true or false accordingly based on these
8871: This line of Python script is creating list with services that contain 'record' command, have '/', split into 3 parts by it & has exactly
8872: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same but with all digits removed. It does so by iterating over each character of 'string
8873: This function checks the first character of string 's' is equal to its last one, then it returns all characters from index ‘’one up
8874: This block of Python checks whether the href attribute is one among three specific strings, and then it verifies that either .MP4/.MKV
8875: This Python function calculates the new row and column coordinates of an element in 3D space. The 'node' parameter is represented as [x
8876: This line of Python script returns the variable names from 0 to factor count. It uses list comprehension and get var name function which is not shown
8877: This function returns the rounded value of x. It's used to ensure that all values are integers, which is necessary in many programming languages like Python
8878: This python function converts the seat number to its corresponding 'Row' and Column'. The first seven characters are converted from binary representation. Then these two
8879: This function takes an input of type "ID List" and converts it into comma separated string format using the Python's built in `isinst
8880: This line of the given Python script converts all characters to lowercase and checks if 'DROP' is present within it, returning True or False
8881: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. If 'N' is less than three, it returns N directly and does not
8882: This line of the function returns an average value between two values in 'TrackWindow' list.  The first and second elements are averaged with half their
8883: This Python script calculates the total of all elements within each list. The result is returned as 'total'.  It uses an iterative approach to
8884: This function checks whether the first character of each string on an input list, which should be numeric. If it's nonnumerical and there
8885: If the command passed to function as input contains an instance of type `list` then it joins all elements in that array into one string. Else
8886: This Python function uses the Babylonian method to approximate square roots, which is an iterative process that starts with any number and then repeatedly applies success
8887: This Python script checks the parent name of an operation and returns different colors based on its type. If it doesn't recognize any specific types ("Source
8888: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8889: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from list split by "-" at index 3, which in our case would be "job
8890: If the query contains both 'season' &amp;quot;&#34;/&gt;"and&#160;-both, it will
8891: Returns whether the given input ends with specified suffix or not in Python 3+"\n".join([f'Example usage of function {i
8892: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from 'workers' dictionary using its key, which in our case would be "worker id
8893: This function calculates the total number of characters in all names, excluding 'B' and subtracting one from each name. The result is then
8894: This script initializes 3 lists with the number of owned shares and two empty ones. It then returns these three values in one line as output from
8895: This Python script creates an empty string `approxim` and initializes two dictionaries with keys as strings of length 0 to n where each key
8896: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns half its input. The result is rounded to an integer using 'round()' function in python
8897: Returns the value of "task_iD" from configuration dictionary.  It's used to identify tasks in various parts and processes within an application
8898: This Python function converts the input string to all lowecase and removes any leading or trailing whitespace. It then returns that resultant value
8899: This function checks whether the given 'variables' are present or absent, based on their presence/absence within dictionary of subsititution rules defined
8900: This Python function takes an optional argument that should be used as key/value pairs separated by semicolons and returns them within the form of dictionary format
8901: This function returns the target and recipe combined with ".STAMP".  It's used to create unique filenames.(END SUMMARY
8902: This Python function returns an nxn matrix filled with 1s. It'll be useful when you need to create matrices of ones, especially
8903: This Python function counts the number of characters that differ between two strings. If they are not equal, it increments counter and returns total difference found at
8904: Checks whether the input variable 'interval' has been assigned to an instance of type "tuples". If it hasn’t then raises and
8905: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an offset value. The variable 'y' is defined as being equal to its first element,
8906: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
8907: This Python function calculates the optimal weight distribution of an item based on its total value 'full' with given constraints such as nonnegative integer values only
8908: If the user has attempted less than three times in last two hours then return zero delay and no penalty. Otherwise calculate how long it will take them to
8909: If the 'item' parameter in function call isn’t provided or set to null/empty then it will return an empty list. Otherwise returns dictionary
8910: If no value or none, then use the default. Else check whether to override with given one and raise an error in that case else return only
8911: This function checks whether the input 'which' variable type as an integer. If it’s not (-1), then return all numbers from 1
8912: This function converts time in seconds into hours, minutes or just the remaining second. It uses Python' builtin formatting to return string with formatted
8913: Code is used to generate the CSS file. It takes two parameters, filename and content which are then written into an outputfile in .css format using
8914: This Python script replaces certain HTML special characters with their corresponding ASCII representations in the given string 't'. The replacement is done by replacing them all
8915: This function checks the type of an argument and returns different types based on its value. If it's not one or both arguments are missing, then
8916: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
8917: This line of the script reads in an input string, removes trailing whitespace and returns it.  It's used to clean up user inputs
8918: This function returns the number of digits in an inputted integer or float.  It's simple and straightforward, but it does not take into
8919: This Python script changes the version of python requirement from “>=1” to '<=4' and adds it into requirements file if present,
8920: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the values from two lists of state and action names respectively using nested loops to create keys that
8921: This function calculates the total available bytes of all devices. It uses list comprehension to iteratively go through each device and add its "Available In
8922: A function that takes dictionary of templates and their corresponding values as input parameters to generate the markdown content based on these inputs using Python's builtin
8923: This Python script merges two dictionaries into one, using the keys that are common between them and replacing their values with those from 'New Dict
8924: This Python function checks whether the input is positive, zero or negative and returns it. If not an integer then calculates its absolute value by adding '
8925: This line of the given Python script returns two lists. The first list contains one element '[ xVar ,  1 ]' and second has no
8926: This function checks the input 'Shape' and returns it in one line. If no argument given then return default value of tuple with single element as "
8927: This line of the Python script converts dB value to linear scale using exponential function, which is used in many applications such as sound quality measurement and signal
8928: This Python script sorts the keys of an input dictionary and returns another one with these key values ordered by their original order, creating new empty dictionaries to
8929: This line of the script is multiplying "params" dictionary's value associated with key 'LockDown R 1', by some constant, and
8930: This Python script reads an image file name and extracts the number from its filename. The function starts by setting `img` to zero then it slices
8931: Map of HTTP methods in Python. 10 most common ones are GET, POST and others...}	Map is an unordered collection data type
8932: This function concatenates three strings with the given parameters. The first two are taken from 'prefix', and then x, y which is passed as arguments
8933: This Python function checks whether the string 'object' has attribute named as date. If it does, returns that value; otherwise return maximum of two values
8934: This Python script checks the type of variable 't' and returns different values based on its value or key in dictionary `reverse_lookup`
8935: A dictionary is created with the given parameters. The 'None' value in key `"Layer details:"` signifies that no specific information about Lay
8936: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
8937: This function calculates the number of positive values found within an iterable object.  It uses list comprehension to find and count all instances where value
8938: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the given list of strings and adds each string to it as its own entry with no value
8939: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not it's in DEBUG mode. If true then prints out some information about what is being done
8940: This python script converts the given input file into dictionary format with keys as header and values are stripped strings from each lines of text separated by tab
8941: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway point between strides, which is calculated by subtracting one from 'dilated'
8942: This Python function checks whether the input 'distribution' variable ('dict') exists and divides it by its total value to normalize or scale down values
8943: This Python function takes as input an argument 'cmd' and returns the dictionary representation of that command string if it is not empty or else return blank dict
8944: This function replaces the newline character ("\n"), backslash("/ ") with actual characters in Python language, which is used to replace or remove
8945: This function takes an argument and checks whether it's of type string. If so - converts the input to all lowecase characters with strip
8946: This Python script splits each word in the input string into separate elements and returns them as list of strings, which is then printed out on one single
8947: This Python script creates an ordered list of command names from the given 'sub' commmands dictionary using specific keywords and then removes them to create another
8948: This Python function calculates the new ranks of two players after receiving or losing to them. The rankings are weighted based on their relative ranking and then
8949: This Python function checks the value of 'X' and, depending on its sign or range between –1 &lt;= X <= 0.
8950: Convert the given 'amount' from bytes to gigabytes. The conversion factor is defined as one byte = 0.(9/7). This function
8951: If the weight of material in workmanship is less than or equal to maximum permitted, then it returns total time. Otherwise nothing happens and program continues
8952: This script splits input into individual parts based on periods and then converts each part to an integer using parse function before performing arithmetic operations with them
8953: This function takes two strings and checks whether the total length of both is greater than or equal to 'max_length'. If it's true then
8954: This Python script calculates the width of one figure in inches based on its number and subplots's dimensions. The calculation is done by multip
8955: This function checks the value of 'path' and returns an empty string, unless it is equal to "/". In that case return only filename without extension
8956: 处理属性访问的递归函数。如果存在，则返回该对象中指定路径上的值；否则
8957: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in 'title' to upper case and removes underscores.  It then returns that string
8958: A dictionary is created with keys and values. The value of the first element in each tuple will be used as its corresponding default dict entry, while all
8959: This function replaces hyphens (-), dots (. and : with nothing in the given string.  It is used to clean up MAC addresses before further
8960: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from ‘i’ to 'N' using an iterative approach. The result is stored and
8961: This function returns the coordinates of an index in 1D array. The x coordinate is calculated by dividing 'floor' value with given dimension and
8962: This Python function checks the input string and returns an appropriate response based on its content, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace if it is present
8963: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on its types - strings or bytes in case it's not yet converted to
8964: This Python function converts an integer into its equivalent in the form of two digits. If it's less than 9, prepend z
8965: This function returns the number of megabytes used by an object in bytes, rounded to two decimal places and converted from kilobyte units
8966: This Python script uses regular expressions and the match function from 're' module in order extracts an ID of imported file name, which was preceded
8967: This line of the Python script splits an inputted comma separated list into individual elements and returns them as separate strings in order, using "," to
8968: This function returns the Public Key of an account.  The key is used to encrypt and decipher messages in our system, ensuring data integrity during
8969: This python function calculates the value of 'p' based on some parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with equation 4 from an article titled
8970: This program converts underscores to dashes.  It does so by iterating over each character of the input, and replaces any '
8971: A function that finds common elements between two lists of expressions and returns them as new list" ...   # truncated to fit the limit on
8972: This Python function calculates the area of an ellipse given its semi major axis in millimeters and returns it as square meters, rounded to
8973: This line of the given Python script returns two tilde characters followed by inputted 'message' and then another set number 1f ~`.
8974: This line of the Python function checks if an offset is between hexadecimal values 'a' and "z" or any other character. The
8975: This Python function checks whether the given input 'is of boolean data' or not. If it does then returns TRUE otherwise FALSE and raises an error message
8976: If the 'average' or mean of all coverages is 1, then it returns that value as "cover" else nothing happens and continues
8977: This line of the script splits an input string into individual word and converts first number in that to floating point value using Python's builtin
8978: This Python function checks the value of `nics` and returns different values based on its content; it also converts an empty string to auto by
8979: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'events' variable which is assumed to be another dictionary with keys and values as per
8980: This line of Python script returns the chunk number in 16 bit format. The '{}' is replaced by variable `str`, which contains
8981: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with dictionaries using the values from 'headers'. The dictionary contains three keys - id , name
8982: This script checks the first word of an input string and performs different actions based on it. It also handles special keywords like 'AND', ‘OR
8983: This function takes an array of strings and returns the first string in that list. If no such element exists, it will throw "NoSuchElementException
8984: Returns whether the list of tuples has no elements where first character is either 'A' or ‘B’. If it does, then
8985: This function takes in six parameters and returns the values of these variables. The names are also returned as part from one line string separated by commas with
8986: This function checks whether the input `dict` object has at least one element and returns it as output; otherwise return 'Not Found'. If an optional
8987: This function checks if an object 'obj' belongs to either AbstractString or the pointer type UInt8.  It returns True when it does and
8988: This Python script calculates the average capacity per day and then uses that to create an array of daily patterns. The number is rounded up, as it
8989: If the value of 'X' is less than 1KB, return its size in KB. Otherwise it returns "more".  ```python`
8990: Checks whether two numbers are anagrams. If not, returns false and sorts the digits of both nums to compare them later on in
8991: This line of the given C++ program is multiplying 'f' by ‘i’ and assigning it back to variable "return". The
8992: This function checks whether the length of an input list 'len' equals 4. If it does and all elements are floats; otherwise returns false
8993: This function calculates the modular inverse of an integer. It uses bitwise operations to calculate it efficiently, and then applies modulo operation on p at
8994: This python script simulates the process of reproductive number growth. It creates an initial population and then every day it decreases all numbers by  one
8995: This function checks whether the inputted 'str' variable, which should be an alphanumeric character or word. If it has one letter and
8996: This Python function calculates an output based on input parameters. The length check is performed to ensure that both inputs have equal lengths, otherwise it raises Assert
8997: This function is used to find the path from each table's row back up until it reaches its own 'top'. It does not return any value
8998: This Python script creates and populates an array with the product of corresponding elements from two lists. The outer loop iterates over rows, while inner loops
8999: This Python function returns the smaller of two numbers, 'abs' is used to get absolute value. The condition checks whether |x| or y|<
9000: This line of Python script calculates the summation square and returns it as an output, which is equivalent to 1/Σ(i=
9001: This Python function creates and returns an object with the specified properties. The payload of that message is empty, but it has two keys - ' halfsize
9002: This Python function calculates the parameters of an exponential decay model. It checks whether input values are valid and raises exceptions when they're not; otherwise
9003: This line initializes the variable 'count' to 0 and sets up an array of URLs from input string, splitting by "||". The
9004: This function returns the network address and prefix length of an object.  The output is in string format, separated by '/'. For example "19
9005: This Python function converts an integer to its binary equivalent, then flips the bits and returns it as string. The input is assumed not be negative
9006: Throw an error when the input 'mass' is less than 1. The message "mass" needs to have been provided as it was not
9007: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if all characters were lowercase except those specified by 'Exclude'. The index of
9008: This Python function calculates the average of four consecutive elements from an input list. The calculation is done by subtracting and adding up these values to create
9009: This function returns the four most significant bytes of an RGBA color. The order is red green blue alpha in that specific sequence and each byte represents one
9010: If the provided 'filename' does not exist, return false; otherwise check whether it ends with ".MyFormat".  This function checks both existence of
9011: Checks if all roles from 'access' are present as either admin or member. If yes, returns True; otherwise False – Code snip
9012: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the values 'i' and/or "j" are equal to each other,
9013: Code checks if the given string starts with certain prefixes. It does so by using Python's builtin function `startwith` and checking against
9014: This Python script checks if the given string 'name' only contains alphanumeric characters and underscores, returning true or false accordingly based on
9015: This function returns the orientation of an image based on its dimensions. If it's landscape, return 'Land'. Otherwise,'Portrai', which
9016: This Python function calculates the values of three variables based on two given inputs. The first variable is 0 if no input was provided; otherwise it
9017: This line of the given Python function checks whether 'a' is divisible by another number, and returns that other numbers. If not it simply does
9018: This Python function converts each word from the input list to its corresponding integer representation using dictionary mapping, and if it doesn't find an exact match
9019: This Python script attempts opening and reading from the specified filename; it then parses out all lines that do NOT start with "sci kit learn",
9020: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns temperature in Kelvin based on input parameters, which is then used to calculate another value using
9021: This Python function takes as input an iterable of rectangles, and returns the same data but with each point's y coordinate swapped to its
9022: This function returns the number of paragraphs in an analyzed text.  It'll be used to determine how many sentences or lines are present within that
9023: This function calculates the center of an image. The input is two dimensions, and it returns another pair that represents its midpoint in terms on these
9024: This line of Python script creates an attribute named 'feature' which is concatenated with the value stored in variable `"Event Attribute Name Here".
9025: This function checks whether the given string starts with '(', ends in ', or {, then it returns true; otherwise false is returned as per condition
9026: This line of the program creates an array from string s, sorts it and then joins all elements in that sorted Array back into one single String –
9027: This python script calculates the Hamming distance between two states. It compares each pair of corresponding elements from both lists and increments 'hamm
9028: This function returns the maximum value of 'max_val' and two boolean values. The first one is True if there are any negative numbers in input
9029: Loops through the 'filters' list and checks each filter. If it is an equality comparison ("="), then looks up its value from another
9030: Return True if '.' is found within input string, else return False."""  # noqa E134/line too long; it
9031: If the 'destinatio' variable in Python, it will be set to an empty dictionary.  This means that no specific value or object has
9032: This function calculates the overlap percentage between two intervals. If there is no overlapping it returns 1% or zero if both start and end times
9033: This Python script splits the string into list of floats by space delimiter and returns it as output, where each element is converted to float
9034: A function that returns the string 'ensmbel' followed by an index number.  The input is $1 component of ensemble, and it will
9035: This function checks whether the input can be treated as an instance of 'str' class. If it cannot then return that value itself else convert to list
9036: If the variable "Edit Details" is present and has an ID, it will return that information.  It also includes date from edit details dictionary as
9037: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'value' and the string representation of one or more units ('unit'). It returns an integer. The input
9038: This Python script returns only the projects that have at least one member.  It uses list comprehension to filter out any unassigned or empty members
9039: This Python function takes an input and checks its type to determine whether it's either integer or floating point number; If the given object isn’t
9040: This function calculates the weight of each test stat in relation to its cutoff values. It returns an integer that represents how much more extreme one is
9041: This function calculates the average of two values, with an additional term to account if one or both are zero.  It then returns that value divided
9042: This line of the given Python script is returning an item from dictionary 'tdict' using its address as key. The function takes in one parameter,
9043: Generates dictionary of parameter values from configuration file based on the given keys and ignores identifier as it is not part to be extracted into params dict
9044: This function sorts the neighbors of each node in ascending order by their length. The first element is returned as it's most likely to be closest
9045: "A function that takes four arguments, two points' coords., an angle phi(in Radian), performs rotating operation on these 4
9046: This function calculates the posterior probability of an event based on its likelihood and specificity, given priors in terms that are not normalized to sum up
9047: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value. The result is calculated by adding 'r' to any remainder from dividing ‘
9048: If either of the variables is zero, return zeros. Otherwise multiply and then add them together with an additional check to ensure that they are not
9049: This Python script splits the string 's' into list of individual word, and then returns last element in that array/list which is also known
9050: This function checks whether the MIDI information dictionary contains time signature data. If it doesn't, then returns false; otherwise return true to continue
9051: This Python function checks whether the input 'n' meets certain conditions. If it doesn’t meet these criteria an error will raise and inform that "
9052: This function calculates an interpolated value between two points. The values of 'f' and return result are calculated based on some conditions or parameters provided
9053: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
9054: If the match is less than or equal to four times, return an integer of 'fourty'. Else it checks whether Elo rating falls within
9055: This Python function removes double quotes and single quote characters from the string, replacing them with hyphens (-).  It then returns modified version of inputted
9056: If the reward is greater than zero, return one. Else it returns negative ones and finally else part will be ignored as there's no condition
9057: This line of the given Python script is creating an object named 'human\_cccysk' which contains information about currency pairs. The format function in
9058: Checks each character of the first string against every occurrence found within second. If no match is detected it returns False; otherwise True  [...]
9059: This function checks if the input data type of an object 'is' nd array in numpy library and returns True or False accordingly based on that
9060: This function checks if the given offset is either 1678439 in hexadecimal form, which corresponds to an invalid address
9061: This Python script creates two sets from the lists 's' and then returns another sorted version of elements that are only present within one or both these collections
9062: If the button was clicked, it will return whether or nor its state of being open. – [Your Name] -[Today's Date
9063: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9064: This Python script calculates the proportion of each item type present within 'Data' dictionary and returns it as an output which is then stored into another variable
9065: This Python function returns the complete URL of an exoMOL moleucle data page based on its molecular name, isotopic full names and other parameters
9066: This Python script removes empty lines from the given list of strings 'lines'. It uses two nested loops to iteratively check each string and remove any that
9067: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer with its red, green and blue components swapped. The bits are shifted to create these new
9068: Returns the name of Pod without "pod-" prefix. 10/3rd line is cut off in some cases due to truncation, but
9069: This Python script generates the list of tuples from 'data' where each tuple contains three elements - algorithm name and its results at two different indices
9070: This line of the given C++ program is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves shifting bits to left, multiplying by 'maxNo
9071: This function takes in string as input and removes all spaces from it. It also replaces underscores with space to make the text more readable
9072: This function is used to determine the type of token based on its part_ofspeech. It checks whether each character from 0th index till
9073: This line of the given Python script is assigning "id" to be equal with value from 'record' dictionary. The key in question here,
9074: This function checks the type of output and returns it accordingly, but only when there is an HTTP/HTTPS URL present in input string; otherwise
9075: These two lines of codes convert the input string to both upper and lowe case respectively in Python programming language using builtin functions "str" method '
9076: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9077: This function calculates the coordinates of four corners in pixels that define an area to be processed by convolutions. The size and positioning are determined
9078: If the list is more than one element, return it. Else check whether there's only one item in that case and then returns
9079: This function returns zero when the input is less than fifteen, and one hundred twenty otherwise; it also raises an exception to return ten times of its own
9080: This function calculates the average of three numbers, taking into account their relative sizes. The first two are divided by 1e3 to scale them
9081: If the current line is at index 1 in an array of strings. Then add 'NEW' to it and return updated list with its length as
9082: This function counts the number of times that sequence contains only Gs and C. It returns two values, one is count_of_"GC" which
9083: This function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It does so by comparing the lengths to see they're equal; then it
9084: This line of the script splits an input string into year, month and day components using Python's built in split() function with "." as
9085: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into list by newline character and then joins it back with no empty space using filter
9086: This function splits the input string 'faFn' into two parts at each period, and then joins them back together with an additional dot before returning
9087: This python function calculates the number of ones on both sides and returns it as one integer. The calculation is done by iterating over each row or
9088: If the 'image' variable does not exist, return "None" as it means that there was no valid input provided." This line of Python script
9089: This function checks if the value of 'v' is between 3 and -4, inclusive on both ends but excluding any values equal to it
9090: This Python script splits the input string into two integers using '-' as separator and then generates an integer sequence from 'starting point to ending
9091: This Python function returns the string representation of an array/coordinate list as if it were input to create polygon. The coordinates are joined into one long
9092: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
9093: Normalizes the input data to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting min(data), then dividing it with range
9094: This function checks whether the input number is an Armstrong Number or not. An armstron numeral, also known as Narcissistic Num
9095: Returns an object with the kind 'pairs' and arguments {'arg1': arg_name} where `{` is replaced by ‘{'
9096: This Python function checks whether the input is either “Yes”, case insensitive and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it
9097: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reversal of that same.  It does so by using built in python functions like list(), str
9098: This line of the given Python script is creating an array that includes only those elements from 'vm_data' where their first element ('uuids')
9099: This line of the script splits up an input string into individual "lines" based on newline characters (\).  The result is stored in '
9100: This line of Python script calculates the difference between an initial value and its scale, then returns that result. The name 'corrected' is used
9101: This function calculates the value of an option with given parameters using Black Scholes model, and returns it as output – Risk Free Rate plus
9102: This function checks the value of 'tiered' and assigns it to either Primary, Reserve or an Index number. If tie is not
9103: This python script finds the maximum frequency of any word. It initializes with “zero”, then iterates over each unique "term" and
9104: This line of Python script uses the gCloud SDK's beta emulator to initialize an environment.  It then initializes and runs one or
9105: Counts the number of items that have "unit", where their timestamps are less than given 'timesta'm.  This is done
9106: A dictionary that maps pitches to their corresponding notes. The function returns the note of given pitch."(code): PITCHES = 4
9107: This line of the script creates and returns an absolute path to save BLAST results in TSV format, given destination directory where it will be saved
9108: This Python function checks whether the input value `None`, and returns it as such or converts an integer/float number from string with spaces removed
9109: This line of the Python script checks if two lists are equal, excluding their first and last elements.  It does so by comparing them elementwise
9110: Check if the rectangles intersect. If they do not overlap in any way then return False; otherwise True – indicating that there is an intersection between
9111: This function checks whether any keys with values of `None` and/or the string value “Null” are present as keyword arguments to its call
9112: This python function calculates the Mean of Total Pairwise Distance. It takes as input number 'distance' and another variable, "p
9113: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from num to zero. It uses arithmetic progression formula which is derived by adding consecutive integers starting with
9114: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same output as it does with no spaces, but instead uses list comprehension to achieve that
9115: This line of the Python function returns 'z' raised to power ('k'). If negative, it will return zero instead as per requirement in problem statement
9116: This Python function takes an input string, and if it ends with '-', removes the trailing character(s). If not found then returns original name
9117: This is an example of Python conditional logic. It checks the value 'lambs' and returns different values based on its condition(i). If
9118: This function takes two lists and returns their sum. It uses the builtin Python 'reduce' method to apply an operation on all elements in list
9119: This Python script splits the input lines into two parts based on ':' character. It then compares these values to see if they match in both
9120: This line of the Python script calculates an exponential value by raising x to power equal with half its original number, which is equivalent in mathematical sense as
9121: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9122: This function returns the color associated with player name. The names are mapped to RGB values in dictionary format where each key is an integer and value represents tuple
9123: Creates an empty dataframe, then adds columns to it with the specified names and values from another DataFrames or lists of these same types as well
9124: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
9125: A dictionary that logs the function names and parameters.  This is useful in debugging or logging purposes to keep track of what functions are being called with
9126: This Python script generates all possible pairs of indices from 0 to m and n. It's an efficient way if you need the full list but
9127: This function returns the signature and revision of an object.  The output is in string format, e..g '10' or '-3'.
9128: This python script splits the given string into two parts, then it further breaks each part of these strings by "*" and stores them as keys to
9129: This line of the script splits up and cleanses 'Captions' by removing unnecessary characters, specifically '\t', which is not needed in
9130: "The highest possible average road velocity in any of these highways."	}" This is an example usage would be like `print(getMaxSpeed
9131: This Python script counts the number of occurrences each character appears. It does so by iterating over every single characer present within 'text'.
9132: This function checks if an object is truthy. If the given argument exists, it returns 'True'. Otherwise,'False' will be returned as output
9133: This Python script generates all possible pairs of elements from two lists and returns the distinct ones as output by removing duplicates using set data structure which is used
9134: This Python function generates an array of strings, where each string is the concatenation and addition between two elements from 'acquistions'. The resultant
9135: This Python function calculates the values of three variables based on input parameters 'a' and b'. The calculation is done in such way that it can
9136: This Python function calculates the ASCII value of each character and then sums them up. If there is no remainder when dividing by two, it
9137: If the 'subcategory_Id' is equal to one, it returns zero point five epsilon minus six; otherwise -> second condition and so
9138: This Python function calculates the probability of two events happening, given their totals and converted counts. The total count is summed up to get '
9139: This Python function returns '+' or '-', depending on the value of variable "x". If X is greater than, equal to zero it will
9140: This Python function checks the type of variable 'variable' to see whether it has an attribute named `dict`. If so then further check on its
9141: This function returns the size of file in megabytes based on its byte value. It uses an 'else' clause to return larger values as
9142: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'updates' using items(). The original attribute names are stored as keys within
9143: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same output as its name suggests. The main idea is to convert all underscores into
9144: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9145: If condition is true, return false. Otherwise calculate and compare two values to determine the outcome of an operation in Python programming language – one line version
9146: This line of the program checks whether or not 'x' is equal to 0. If it does, then returns string representation ("0"). Otherwise
9147: This function calculates the absolute difference between two values and checks if it's less than some threshold. If so, returns true; otherwise false or
9148: This function takes an array of strings as input, checks if it's empty or not. If the list is nonempty and has unique elements then
9149: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9150: This script exports colors to different formats based on the '--format' command line argument provided by user, currently supports css and json format only but more
9151: This function implements the sigmoid activation or logistic regression model, which is used in many machine learning algorithms to map input data into output probabilities that
9152: If the first input is greater than second, it returns that value. Otherwise - otherwise falls back to returning of Second's Value – in other
9153: This script is used to create an empty dictionary called "certs" from the list of dictionaries. It then iterates over each certificate, checking
9154: This line of the Python script initializes `AUTO` with its default value, which can be overridden by setting an environment variable. If
9155: This Python script checks whether the first number is greater than zero. If it's true, then return negative of absolute value calculated as g^n
9156: This line of the Python script checks if 'return' is one among four strings. If it does, then function returns True; otherwise False or an
9157: This Python script converts an ordered list of integers into corresponding string values. The output is the resultant ASCII characters represented by these integer codes,
9158: Return the list of conditions that are true or false based on comparison operators. 0 is considered False, any other number represents True in Python programming language
9159: This function returns an empty list when given any integer as input and recursively extracts leaf nodes from the nested structure of integers using depth first search approach
9160: This Python script generates an array of tuples from the given list 'idlist' where each tuple contains two elements; one is integer and another
9161: This script removes certain directories from the list of potential source paths based on their names, which are then used to generate build rules and configure scripts using C
9162: This Python script calculates the scaling factor needed to rescale an array of output sizes based on its corresponding size. The calculation is done by dividing
9163: This Python function calculates the nth Fibonacci number. It uses an iterative approach to calculate it by initializing two variables '
9164: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9165: This Python script creates an empty string, then concatenates the given "prefix", and underscore ("_" character), with object's name. The
9166: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'X' and returns an output. The operation is performed in chunks of two bits, which
9167: This Python script generates the filename of an HTML file based on given month and year. The generated name is in format "<filename>". For example
9168: This function takes in an input dictionary and returns the sum of all values within it using Python's builtin 'reduce'. The lambda functions
9169: This function returns the first option when 'User' is selected as their preferred method of resolving conflicts. It then checks whether they have chosen to use
9170: This Python function calculates the greatest common denominator of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. The result is returned in terms that are negative if either number
9171: This Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string 's' then splits it into lines, skipping one line ('return'),
9172: This function checks if any character from the set of characters is present within string 's'. If it finds such, then returns true. Otherwise false will
9173: This function checks whether the given 'reference' is present within any of our domains. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false or an error
9174: This function resizes an image based on the aspect ratios. It takes into account both width and height of source images while maintaining their original proportions in
9175: This function takes in the name of an object and returns its .SAV file. The output is saved to disk with that specific filename, which includes
9176: If the input dictionary 'd' does not exist or it contains no values of type int/float then return an empty output Dictionary else process each value
9177: This Python function takes an input 'A' which can be either of type Tuple or Dict. If the given object has two elements then it
9178: This function counts the number of nodes that have 'Data' as one or more substring within their names if they are part og dictionary type data
9179: Returns the first character of 'field' in list format.  If there is no such element it returns '-1'.   It also checks if "
9180: This Python function splits the input string by '-' and checks if it starts with one of four specific strings ("SUL","SULAXI
9181: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9182: This Python function returns the first two hexadecimal digs of an array. The result is converted to integer and returned as tuples with
9183: This Python function takes as input the sequence of codones and returns an extended version. It uses dictionary to map each original one letter amino acid into
9184: If the input "value" does not have any decima part, return it as string; otherwise remove leading zeros from its right side until there
9185: This script checks if two dictionaries have the same keys, regardless of order or values within those key/value pairs; returns false when they don'
9186: If the string contains '.', split it into parts and return first part followed by .wiki domain, else just append wikipedia's subdomain to
9187: This Python function checks if the length of 'K'-mers is equal to its actual value, creates an array with that many zeros. It then
9188: This line of Python function calculates the ratio between two quantities. The first quantity is 'q' and it depends on another variable, which in turn
9189: This Python function checks whether the input 'value' variable, which could be any type of data. If it’s none or not an instance/
9190: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9191: This Python script rescales an inputted grayscale or RGB color picture by dividing it in half and adding zero point five, then scaling
9192: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9193: This Python script retrieves the "message" and its subfields from an incoming JSON object, extracts them into separate variables to be used in further
9194: If 'res' dictionary contains the key, return its value. Else check whether it is present as an "extra data", and then fetch that
9195: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string "colorString" if it starts with an ASCII tab character ("\t"). If not
9196: This Python function checks whether the input value `is instance of either an integer`. If it's true then return its hexadecimal representation
9197: A Python script that generates two lists. The first one is the sequence of numbers from 'a' to ('b', +ve or -ive).
9198: This Python function checks if the input value can be converted to an integer, then verifies that it falls within 1986 - present.
9199: This line of Python script reads the data from an IMU sensor and converts it into float values, which are then stored as list 'imus
9200: This Python script is used to manipulate data from the database, specifically dealing with biochemical exchange between different species using 'db' as input
9201: This function calculates the power of x to be raised by y. The result is returned as an integer in Python using builtin 'pow' method
9202: If no keyword arguments are provided or the function is called with an argument that does NOT have '___' at its ending then it will return empty dictionary
9203: This function returns the maximum of two values. If one value is less than both others it will take that as minimum and if another greater then use them
9204: This Python function checks whether the file extension of given paths is either .jpeg, ‘or’ it replaces all occurrences with '.
9205: Replace all occurrences of old with the replacement string in Python's str object method replace() – replaces and returns None if no
9206: This Python function checks whether the given value is within an acceptable range of values based on its position in relation to another number, which determines how much it
9207: This function returns the string "prefix . auth .", concatenated with '.', '.' and Amazon Cogntio domain name in different regions,
9208: This function calculates the average of two numbers, then subtracts one number from another. The result is multiplied by three and divided again to
9209: This line of Python script deletes the 'Alloction Method' column from given dataframe. It is useful when you want to remove unnecessary columns
9210: This Python script uses regular expressions to match an opening and closing bracket pair in the given string, then returns whatever comes after these pairs if they exist
9211: This function checks whether the input 'is_str' or an object of class Tag and returns its string representation without trailing whitespace; otherwise it
9212: This Python function calculates the mean squared error of two lists 'b' and their corresponding elements in list "c" by taking each element from
9213: This Python function checks if version A is less than Version B by comparing the first two numbers of each pair in their versions using 'map' to convert
9214: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9215: This function checks if the given indices are within bounds of an array. The first dimension is checked to be less than 'nx' while second one
9216: This function calculates the value of an element in list using its index. The formula used is x^(k/α), where α and
9217: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9218: If the variable _srate is defined and its value has changed since last execution of function. Warn user about it being redefined with new values
9219: If the input 'argument' isn’t of type string. Raise an error with message "Argument Error". “Is Multiple Line”
9220: This function converts the given value from an Actual Range to Normalized range. The conversion is done by subtracting min of both ranges and div
9221: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
9222: Prints the shortened version of "https" URL in console, if it'd be possible to do so otherwise prints original url as is."
9223: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9224: If the "-" character is not in 'patient_id', it prepends with an additional string. The new value of `patient_id
9225: This function returns the corresponding color symbol given its name. If an unknown/invalid input is provided, it simply outputs that value as default return statement of
9226: This Python script creates an array of length equal to the number reward signals and initializes it with zeros except its last element which is initialized as per
9227: This function generates the command to set up routing in Linux using either static or dynamic IP addresses, depending on whether destination and gateway are provided as arguments respectively
9228: This function checks whether the length of list 'T' meets certain conditions. If it does not meet these criteria then returns False; otherwise True will be
9229: This Python script filters out the odd numbers from an array and then sorts them, while also replacing even elements with their first occurrence's value if it
9230: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty, blank space only. If it's true then return 'True', else false and vice vers
9231: Removes all non ASCII characters from the string.  It replaces any character that is not in range of ascii with nothing and then
9232: If the two rectangular boxes overlap.  Otherwise return false if they don't intersect at all or one is inside another otherwise true based on their coordinates
9233: This function checks whether the input 'year' matches with given integer or default value. If it does not match then returns True otherwise False – based
9234: This function returns an HTML string with the given data and div classes.  The returned value is formatted as required by Flask's Jinja
9235: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same or padded version of that input. If it're less than 10 characters,
9236: This line of Python script tries to return the absolute integer or float, but if an exception occurs it returns its original input.  It's useful
9237: This Python function takes as input the keys of an object and returns another dict with only those specified field(s).  It uses Dictionary Comprehens
9238: This function takes an input string, converts it to integers and then sums them up. It uses the map() method in combination with x => y
9239: This function calculates the top and left coordinates of an ellipse centered at given center point with specified 'radius'. The result is returned as two
9240: This line of the script creates an unordered collection with unique lowercase versions from all provided list elements, ie., it removes duplicates and makes
9241: This Python function calculates the dot product of two three dimensional vectors. It checks whether both input lists have exactly length equal to 'n' where n
9242: This function returns the product of 'au_scale' and ‘axis scaling factor’. It is used to scale up or down an audio track
9243: This Python function splits the input string into individual "word" or 'character' elements, counts them and calculates their average length in terms of
9244: If the total of all elements in array is zero, return Zero. Else calculate and Return Conversion Rate as per given formula"
9245: This function calculates the inverse of Phase Shift Function, which is used in the context where we need to calculate the phase shift between two signals
9246: A dictionary with one key, 'd', and its value is another dict. The inner most level has three keys - Number(String), Type((
9247: If the previous element has no value, return true. Check whether current elements are identical except their second character; otherwise check conditions specific to these two characters
9248: This function checks if the given headers are in an allowed list. If they aren't, it returns False; otherwise True or None depending on whether
9249: This Python function checks the SRID value and returns an appropriate CRS string based on it, either as “URN” with OCG def format
9250: This function checks if two rectangular areas overlap. If they do then it returns True; otherwise False is returned by the programmers of these functions in Python
9251: This Python function returns an empty array when the input is None or no argument, and otherwise appends all elements of each sublist to 'results'
9252: Returns the integer value of bool. If boolean is True, returns 1; if False or any other type - it will be returned as zero/
9253: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 'sd' if it exists, otherwise return none. If not existent then calculate Standard Devation
9254: This function takes in three parameters, checks if the first parameter is greater than 0 and whether there are at least 'x' number of task ID
9255: This Python function converts the list 'p' into string format. The output is parentheses enclosing each element of input array, and
9256: This function returns the string "f': sub' {str(id)} '{' x }'" which is equivalent to Python syntax. It takes two
9257: This function calculates the value of x raised to lam, then subtracts one and divides by 'lam'. The result is returned.
9258: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9259: This line of the Python script is returning an integer value from 'int_sensors' divided by another number. The result will be in millions,
9260: This line of the given Python script replaces all spaces in system name with underscores and removes any '*' characters.  The result is
9261: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It checks the input's datatype and performs conversion accordingly using appropriate
9262: This function takes in one parameter 'round' and returns the number rounded to five decimal places. The builtin Python method is used here which rounds off
9263: This Python script takes in two arguments, the first is used as an experiment name and second one acts like trial/experiment names respectively which are append
9264: If the FTP source is 'genes', return VEP cache version plus 50. Otherwise, just returns original value of vehicle's c
9265: This function returns the value of 'return' based on whether or not an input is equal to one specific string. If it matches, then return that
9266: This Python function splits the input string into sentences using "." as separator and returns count of these separated sentence in resultant list, which is
9267: If the property has no value in either of two time stamps, return NaN to avoid division by zero error and calculate rate change as per timestamp
9268: This function checks the score column name(s), 'None' by default, in case it doesn’t exist. If task type isn‘ t
9269: This Python function takes an integer input in the form of total number or time elapsed since epoch and returns it as days hours minutes second format. It
9270: This function removes the hyphen from all keys in an object using Python's builtin replace() method, which is used to substitute one character or
9271: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two variables 'position' and their respective powers in different expressions using mathematical operations with complex numbers
9272: If the evaluation period is ‘zero’, return false. Otherwise check whether it'll be an 'eval周期'. Return true in such cases
9273: This function calculates the number of times an element is divided by another, then multiplies that result with 'step'. The final output will be rounded
9274: This function checks if any of the given 'products' have an attribute named isPVGradated, which indicates that they are partnered with
9275: This function checks if the length of an input string is greater than 7, does it contain no spaces or contains " @ intel . com", which
9276: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, 'M' and another number called "r". The result is then returned.  Code explanation/
9277: This line of the Python script converts string values in 'anchor scales' into integer lists using map and split functions respectively with comma as separator character
9278: This Python function checks if the input number is within an acceptable range. If it's not, then raises AssertionError with appropriate error message and
9279: This line of Python script returns the list as string with each element separated by comma and space.  It's used to convert recipents into one
9280: This function checks whether the input `is instance of string` or not; If it's true then check its start with "“" symbol else
9281: If denominator is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns the result of division operation between two numbers in Python scripting language using an IF
9282: If the 'RedShift' parameter exists and its value isn’t none; otherwise check whether any of other parameters are present on each structure within an
9283: Checks if the number is power of two. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true in one line using bitwise AND operation
9284: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
9285: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9286: This Python script sums up all the values within nested dictionaries using iteration over both levels of 'two level dict'.  It then returns that summation
9287: This script is used to create labels from the IWP data. The label creation process involves creating an empty list and then iterating over each item
9288: This Python function checks the type of `permlin`. If it's an instance that isn’t 'str', then raises error with
9289: If the input `None` then return nothing. Else check whether it's integer or floating point number and directly give that as output else try
9290: This Python function returns the index of maximum value from an array 'zvals' if it is less than any other values present within that same list/
9291: This Python function takes an input 'str' object. If the type matches one among four cases - "string", "[list] with only [strings
9292: A dictionary is created to map names of services from the given JSON object. The function takes an array "content", and returns another dict, which maps
9293: This function returns the concatenation of two strings, with an underscore ("_") between them. The first string is prefixed by "prefix",
9294: This python script appends lowercase and uppper case characters to two separate arrays, sorts them then combines the sorted lists into one array named output
9295: This script is used to replace command line arguments with equivalent ones that are compatible and easier on the eyes when running it from an Anaconda project environment
9296: This function calculates the number of days between two dates based on their weekdays. If they are equal, it returns an arbitrary value; otherwise depending
9297: This function converts the input string to lowercase, but only when it's nonempty or null otherwise returns original value of 'text'.
9298: This function returns the peak available, daily remaining in use of electricity and usage details.  It also provides percentage used as well off days availability/us
9299: This function checks the type of input and converts it to its equivalent in case. If not possible or invalid conversion occurs then raises error with appropriate message
9300: Code to generate random URLs. 10% of the time, it will redirect user and show an error message; otherwise just generates normal ur
9301: This Python function checks the value of 'verbo' and returns an appropriate response. If no input has been provided it will return default values ['L
9302: This Python script calculates the absolute value of an expression involving three cells, and returns that result. The calculation involves two nested expressions within one main outer
9303: If the 'new' variable is equal to an already existent one, return true. Otherwise it returns false indicating that there are no duplicates in
9304: If variable 'var' is true, return the string “Enable”. Otherwise it should be returning an error message or some other value indicating that
9305: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables "data" and assigning them to their respective values. The variable 'tracks' refers
9306: Returns the last record in 'verification' table. 1st line is just an example, it can be replaced with any other function or operation
9307: This function returns different symbols based on the string input. It's used to handle brackets, square and curly brace in Python programming language syntax
9308: Code takes two strings as input, concatenates them and returns the result.  It uses string interpolation to achieve that in Python language which is similar
9309: This function calculates the method of determining whether or not to use an intervention based on temperature extremes. It takes three parameters, ```temperature```
9310: This Python function splits the input string 'tag' into two parts based on its colon ('prefix'), and if it is empty then returns an XML
9311: This function returns the colors in order of baukasten.  It is used to determine which color should be selected when playing with different colored
9312: This Python script uses the 'set' data structure to keep track of unique IDs that have been encountered during iteration over an input dictionary, which maps
9313: This Python function calculates the position of an object in relation to its parent's size. The calculation is based on centering objects both horiz
9314: This Python function takes in the bounding box coordinates and returns four new values that represent minimum x/minimum y coordinate of these bounds along with maximums
9315: If 'x' exists and it contains lists as values then convert them to tuples else leave the value unchanged – otherwise return an empty dictionary
9316: This function calculates the remainder of division by b, where 'floor' is an integer part extraction.  It returns what would be left over after
9317: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both these point are given as input parameters and it returns
9318: If the current node is at its maximum recursion level then return 'Total' and calculate number of edges as per formula. Then add to "N
9319: Checks if the input string has exactly 4 parts and contains an equal sign. If so it returns true; otherwise false is returned by function '
9320: This Python function generates an array of four numbers that represent the intersection points between two lines. The first and second values are calculated by subtracting 'inter
9321: This Python function calculates the growth rate of an organism based on its intrinsic, constant parameters and some other factors such as contact rates with others species
9322: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9323: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9324: This Python function checks the type of an input value and returns its corresponding string representation. It uses 'is instance' to check whether each possible data types
9325: This function returns the path to save tfrecords file. The filename is PASCAL VOC  format and class name as input parameter,
9326: If the input number is less than or equal to 1, it returns that same value. Otherwise -> Code ends here::String   else
9327: This line of Python script converts Farenheit to Celisus using the formula provided in problem statement and returns it as result, i
9328: This Python script reads data from the serial port and returns it as an array of integers if possible; otherwise return default values ​​for zeroes.[
9329: This Python function converts the hexadecimal representation of RGB to its decimal counterpart. It raises an error when it encounters invalid input and
9330: This function counts the number of different ways to reach from one node 'destination' through other nodes. It only considers paths that either go directly between
9331: This function checks if the length of 'User' is equal to that on level. It also verifies whether each corresponding pair from both lists are identical
9332: This function calculates the coordinates of two points in three dimensions. The input parameters are x and z values from one point on an axis along which to
9333: This Python function converts the input into different types based on its value. If it's true, false or boolean then returns that type else tries
9334: This Python function finds the last occurrence of '.' in an inputted String and returns two parts; first part is everything before '.', second one after
9335: Convert the input to lowercase and check if it's either 'y', ‘ye’, '', true'', t'' ,or exactly equal
9336: This line of Python script removes all non ASCII characters from the inputted strings and returns them as one long sentence without any spaces between each word in
9337: This Python script merges all dictionaries from the given 'list' into one single, flattened dict object named "`oneDict"
9338: This function checks the orientation of three points in 3D space. It uses cross product to determine if they form counterclockwise or clockwiose
9339: This function returns the path to SQLITE database file with prefix "<database name>". (Note that it's assumed here, but
9340: If either of the two lists are empty OR their lengths do no match then return false. Otherwise check each pair from both list against one another to see
9341: This function checks if the input is true, t or yes. It returns True when it's one of these values and False otherwise – case
9342: This Python function checks the first three elements of an array to determine whether it's possible that these numbers represent different versions. If they do - returns
9343: Replaces special characters in the input string with HTML entities.  It replaces ' <', > , & and "" . The result is then en
9344: This Python script uses list comprehension and the replace() method of strings with special characters replaced by their escaped versions as per given tuples ('re
9345: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the first two in reverse order. The third argument is returned as it was but negated (-).  [
9346: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
9347: This function checks if the variable name contains any special characters or spaces. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true is returned after checking all conditions
9348: This Python function calculates the number of characters that are different between two strings. It uses 'zip' to pair up corresponding elements from both input string
9349: This Python function calculates the Tau effect based on an input value of “z” and returns it as "tau_effect". The
9350: This script generates labels based on the output of an image classification algorithm. The number 'N' is determined by multiplying length('workers') and
9351: This Python script creates an object named 'colors' that contains four keys, each corresponding to one of the layers in CNN. The values associated with
9352: This Python script checks whether the given 'key' exists within JSON data. If it does, then return its value; otherwise returns "None".
9353: This Python script performs an elementwise multiplication of two lists 'x' and ‘y’, storing the result into list "W". The length
9354: This function checks whether the string is palindrome or not. It returns true when it finds any mismatch and false otherwise, considering only alphan
9355: This Python script splits the input string into separate lines, removes any empty strings from it and returns only nonempty ones as output of function "get
9356: This Python function returns the index of first non-"--" character from end to start. If no such characters exist it will return None or raise an error
9357: If the list of lines is empty or there are no rows with district information then return an emtpy dictionary else process it as per requirement  Code
9358: This Python function calculates the number of 'fourths' in an input length. A fourth is defined as one third or less than three parts that
9359: This Python script fetches the total and available memory in bytes from an operating system's filesystem using `os` module’ systat function with
9360: This line of the Python script splits each string in 'str' by '\n', resulting an array where every element is one newline character,
9361: Convert an integer to binary representation.  Return the result as String type in Python language using builtin function int() and bin(). The second parameter of
9362: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'sources' data structure and adds any non-"None" source ID to our new "
9363: This Python function checks if the input is one of two metrics, and returns either those values based on which was chosen. If an unrecognized value
9364: This function converts RGB values to grayscale. It does so by multiplying each of the three input colors with their respective weights and then adding
9365: This Python function blends two RGB colors by taking the difference between them and then multiplying that result with an input percentage to create another color which is
9366: This Python script creates two lists of unique nodes from the intersection and union sets found within given input data structures 'La' & ‘Lb’
9367: This Python function is used to locate the 'non_gap' element of an input list. It uses two counters - one that keeps track on
9368: This function returns the appropriate string representation of an integer input. The possible inputs are 0,1,...,9 and 'A',...,'Z'
9369: This Python script checks the type of Grant and assigns it to URI or Display Name based on its value, then returns either name depending upon whether they
9370: This line of the given C++ program is responsible to set or clear bit number '7' in byte variable. If condition checks whether first and second
9371: This Python function merges two dictionary objects into one, creating the second dict's keys and values in first if they don’t already exist;
9372: This function returns the result of subtracting ‘f’ from '(in+3)' and then multiplying it by "'(a*b
9373: This function returns True if the first and third elements of two tuples are equal, otherwise it will print False.  The second element is not
9374: This line of the function checks if 'count' is divisible by five. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on
9375: This function flattens an input list. If the given 'list' to be processed does not exist or it has no elements in Python programming language
9376: This Python script converts the dictionary 'b' into another one named "dict" and assigns it to variable name as per requirement using looping
9377: This Python script splits the version string into its major, minor and patch level components if they exist; otherwise it returns zero as default value to avoid
9378: If the "locations", an array of objects, are not provided or empty then return zero otherwise calculate how many times two different object have same url
9379: This Python function compares two lists of sentences based on their lengths to find the most similar pairs between them using an error rate threshold value ‘th
9380: This line of Python script converts an RGB or rgba color to its negative equivalent. It does so by subtracting each component from 255
9381: This line of the given C++ program is performing an operation that combines two 10 bit numbers into one. The high word first, then followed
9382: This Python function checks whether the key 'collect' is present as keys of dictionary `stores` or it doesn’t exist then adds that to
9383: This python program finds the Pythagorean triplet. It checks all possible combinations of three numbers to find if they form an actual pytha
9384: This Python script calculates the minimum cost to paint houses with three colors. The input is an array of house prices and each element represents that painting one
9385: This line of the given C# function checks whether or not 'nothing' is present in its argument. If it finds something, then returns `null
9386: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9387: A Python dictionary is used to store the FIBONACCI series. The first two numbers are preloaded as '{}.' Then it calcul
9388: This python script is used to map the inverse of each solution within an array. The function 'ocp_inv' maps all solutions from one set
9389: This function returns the RGB values of three colors. The input is an array 'colors' which contains 4 elements, each representing one color in
9390: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output but with all uppercase letters removed using filter() method in combination of str().lower(),
9391: This Python function converts the time in days to HHMMSS format. It first calculates how many full hour cycles there are by using d
9392: This function returns the result of dividing its input by -1. The division is done using integer arithmetic, and then we scale it up to
9393: This Python script splits the given URL into two parts based on "/" symbol and returns them in tuple format as output of function "endpoint_
9394: This function checks the string in variable 'f' and returns one of four strings based on whether it matches any pattern. The patterns are defined as regular
9395: This Python script creates an attribute copy with additional attributes from the 'extra' map and removes any that are already present within it using another dictionary mapping of
9396: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If second input is zero it returns first one as
9397: This Python function checks if the given number is palindrome in hexadecimal format.  It converts it to its equivalent binary and then
9398: This function checks whether the given string begins with any of several specified strings, returning true or false accordingly as per condition met in each case respectively and returns
9399: This python script calculates the dot product of two vectors. The input is given as 4 tuples each containing four elements which are to be
9400: This function checks if the 'board' is over. If it finds any non empty cells, then returns false; otherwise true indicating that all fields are
9401: This function calculates the slopes and intercepts of two sets. It is used to normalize data before applying machine learning algorithms on it as
9402: Check if the second element of both boxes are within range. If not - throw an error message stating that they're out side their respective ranges respectively
9403: This Python function calculates the strides and dilations of an operation in convolutional neural networks. The formula is derived from mathematical principles, where
9404: This function checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to class list or numpy ndarry and returns True/False accordingly based on that condition
9405: A dictionary is created to map character names from the list of characters. The keys are original char name and values will be combined with an additional string "
9406: This script replaces certain characters in the input string with other specified ones, and then returns it as output from function 'process'. This is
9407: If the 'value' parameter isn’t provided, it returns string `“none”`. Otherwise calculates and return percentage of screen size based
9408: This line of the given Python function calculates an output based on two input parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by 0,9 and then
9409: This function returns the extension of an input filename, which is assumed to be in .STL format if it ends with '.', else None or empty
9410: This Python function takes three parameters and calculates the output dimensions of an image after applying convolutional operations. The input is assumed to be in grays
9411: This Python script returns the transcripts of all genes present within an inputted list. It uses nested loops to iteratively check each gene'd
9412: This Python function calculates the sum of elements between two given indices. If no element is found, it returns zero as specified by problem statement and if
9413: This function calculates the remainder of dividing 'grid' by ‘TICK’. It is essentially doing an equivalent operation to modulo in
9414: Creates an exact copy of the dictionary "test" and removes key 'type'. The result is then returned as output from function call, which can
9415: This Python function matches an archive file name to one that follows specific formatting rules and returns two values - 'Chart Name' & ‘Version’
9416: This script generates dictionaries from the given list of dictionary objects where each unique parameter name is associated with its own label and an empty values array which will
9417: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of data distributed across multiple processes in parallel using PySpark's RDD operations, which is faster than
9418: This script checks whether the given string is present as part of another, then splits it into two parts based on underscores to form exchange &
9419: This function takes an angle in degrees and returns the equivalent value of that degree after being shifted by one eighth. The result is always within [0
9420: This Python script calculates the total amount of money that can be earned from trading by each individual broker based on their transaction cost and number reduction per trade
9421: Generates the distance between two points in 3D space. Distance formula used is Euclidean or straight line distances depending on input parameters 'p
9422: Skip empty lines.  Code : Create an empy dictionary and loop over each line of the text with newline character as delimiter
9423: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The input parameters are base and height.' (END SUMMARY
9424: This Python script filters out any lines that are empty or contain only whitespace characters using the lambda function and list comprehension, then converts all
9425: If the previous EWMA is set to '-1', it returns its own value. Else, depending on whether 'new' or old data
9426: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
9427: If the length of 'STIX VID' is 4 or more, return STXV ID as third element followed by dot and fourth.
9428: If the value of 'aminrl' is less than or equal to ‘zero’, it assigns variable "background" with first option in
9429: This line of the function calculates and returns an estimate based on Alpha, Beta & Epsilon parameters in Rayleigh scattering model using Rel
9430: This function returns the first element of either `pair`  or second in case both elements are equal. If it's not possible to compare two
9431: This Python function counts the occurrences of zeros and ones from an input list. The output is three values representing how many times each occurred respectively
9432: This function checks whether the first number is greater than or less then second. If it's true, return "True", otherwise check next pair of
9433: This Python list comprehension creates and returns the first element of an array that matches certain criteria. If no such elements exist, it raises either "Key
9434: If the list 'A' is empty, return an空字符串; otherwise concatenates all elements of A into one string with spaces between each
9435: This Python function tries to find the index of an element in list, and if it fails due exception then returns '-1'.  The 'try'
9436: This Python script checks if an interface object contains the attributes Request or Response. If it does then `True` will be assigned to variable "Is Service
9437: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9438: This function calculates the average of two points in 3D space. It takes as input both point coordinates and returns their averaged x & y values
9439: This function takes in version number as string and returns the same but with one less '.' character at end of last two numbers if they are more than
9440: Increments the count of patches when there is an odd number in 'mod' remainder.  This helps to keep track on how many patch numbers are
9441: This line of the Python script creates an object named 'extras' that contains one key/value pair. The variable "page" is assigned to
9442: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9443: If the input is within range of [0..3], it returns an MD character. Otherwise throws error message stating that 'Level' should lie in
9444: Iterates over the 'studio' JSON object and creates an empty list. For each image, it extract labels from its outputs which are then added
9445: This function filters out rows where the user is 'Django' or contains word `LDCONFIG` from arguments of each row, using Python lambda
9446: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
9447: This Python function calculates the value of ‘x’ multiplied by two and concatenated with string ' Hello '. The result is returned.
9448: This line of the script checks whether an input is equal to specific pattern and returns it, but only when that condition holds. If not - nothing happens
9449: Checks the user agent string to see whether it contains any of Google, Semruhs or Ahrensfors specific bots. If so returns
9450: A dictionary is created where the keys are schemes and values represent their indices within an identities list/array or array of dictionaries based on its position
9451: This Python script maps the arguments to their corresponding filters and returns them as dictionary mapping with 'args' keyword argument being used instead of passing each parameter individually
9452: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is equivalent to its input, but with all bits flipped. The result will be negative
9453: This python function calculates the power level of each cell in an array based on its position and serial number. The formula used is to calculate "r
9454: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, Elamp and V. The result is returned as an output from that specific python method/function
9455: If the values of 'X' and/or ‘Y’ are not equal, return an equation that calculates Y as function X. This
9456: This line of Python script converts the decimal number n to its equivalent in Hexadecimal format. The function uses builtin python functions '
9457: This function takes in two parameters, 'str' and an integer. If the length of string is greater than given number then it returns first ‘
9458: This function calculates the total number of milliseconds from given time in terms. The input is represented by three variables, representing hour(h),
9459: This function checks if there is any element of the list that exceeds 0. If it finds such an item, then returns false; otherwise return true
9460: This Julia script checks whether the environment variable JULIA\_ HTML OUT is set and, If it's not empty or null then returns that value
9461: This Python function multiplies the input by two, rounds to nearest integer and then divides again. The result is returned as output of that particular method
9462: This function calculates the maximum difference between any two values of an array. If there is only one element, it returns that single number; otherwise，
9463: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an average value between lum_one(a float number representing light intensity in one panel,
9464: This Python function calculates the progress of replication. It takes into account that it should not divide by zero and returns an integer value between [98
9465: Create dictionary with smart contract details.  Code snippet provided by user, and the output is also in JSON format as requested."  ---
9466: This Python script splits the input string into individual hashed tags using space as delimiter and also filters out any tag that starts with 'return
9467: If no parameters are provided, it returns an empty string. Otherwise depending on the values of 'Start Index' or ‘Max Results’ parameter will
9468: This Python script groups the elements of an array by their values and counts how many times each value appears within that list using dictionary data structure to store results
9469: If the length of an input list is 1, it returns only one element from that. Otherwise return all elements in order as they are present originally
9470: If the sum of 'b' and/or both variables are zero, return one half; otherwise it returns an average value calculated by dividing them
9471: This line of the given Python script returns last element from split string by ".", and it's an example to show how we can use python list
9472: This function maps the value of an input to between ‘low’ and 'top' using linear interpolation. If either range is zero, it
9473: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9474: This line of the script is creating an empty string variable named "url". It'll be used to store URL data.  The function will return
9475: This line of Python script opens the file named "file_name" in write mode and writes text to it using `f` object's .
9476: This Python function calculates the cumulative pressure of all pressurized cylinders in an array. The result is returned as 'total'. –
9477: If the value of 'bit' is not equal to '-', return one minus that number, else just take original. Code checks whether or no there
9478: This line of Python script returns the number length from an input list. It filters out any 'None' values and then counts how many remain, giving
9479: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise right shift operation on an integer. The resultant value after shifting bits to left by
9480: This Python function reads three inputs and checks whether they contain the string "\r" which is used to denote end of lines on Windows systems; it then
9481: This Python script converts the case of all keys to 'lowercase' within an input dictionary, then checks if any value is found that matches
9482: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first three elements of that line split by spaces as separate variables l , m & n respectively along with
9483: This line of Python function returns the percentage rounded to 'pos' decimal places. The first argument is x and it should be an integer or float number
9484: This Python script splits the given query by commas and then checks each part to see if it contains "target" as its value, ignoring
9485: This line of the script calculates and stores in 'maximum' variables, which are used to find out where two boxes overlap. The x coordinate
9486: This Python function removes all characters from one word that are also present within another, returning an empty message if they match exactly or not matching at any point
9487: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the "github's oauth/accesstoken request". It first tries with '^', then
9488: Returns the dictionary of parameters passed to function.  This is useful in debugging and testing purposes as it allows you see what values are being used by
9489: If the configuration file contains 'loggers' section, then it checks whether there is an entry named as logging. Then within that loggging check
9490: If the third position in 'position' is ‘zero’, return string one. Else it checks whether its value equals to two and returns
9491: This is the formula to calculate distance between two points in 1D. The equation uses subtraction and squaring, which are basic operations used frequently
9492: This line of the script initializes an empty array named "columns" and assigns it to be equal with either its current value or if none exists
9493: If the MIDI note is out of range, it returns zero as an error value in Float type data structure; otherwise -> calculates
9494: This Python script checks if the version of python is greater than or equal to 16, and then imports it with an appropriate name; otherwise
9495: This function calculates the network address and mask of an IP range. It takes two parameters; 'ip' is your desired IPv6 subnetwork start
9496: This function checks the number of bytes in an integer. It returns 'string' based on how many significant bites are used to represent that value,
9497: This Python script checks the operating system and returns its ABI. If it's macOS, then return 'x87/64'.
9498: This Python function splits the input string into individual numbers or ranges using commas and then converts them to lists of integers if they are not already
9499: This Python script uses the String IO module to create an output buffer and then writes each element of 'seq' into it as Unicode characters using escape
9500: If the job doesnt have schedule, it sets default to “every minute”. Else return original scheduled time of that particular task/service
9501: This line of Python script returns an HTML string that includes the JavaScript file at 'src' URI.  The result is then printed to stdout or
9502: If the variable "t" does not exist, return nothing; otherwise strip and replace any trailing whitespace with an empty string in Python scripting
9503: If the value of 'x' is less than or equal to zero, it returns one. Otherwise nothing happens and continues with other operations in program flow
9504: This line of the script is setting default values to variables. If 'family' and/or ‘style’ are not provided, it defaults them
9505: This Python function converts all strings to lowercase and leaves non-"string" types unchanged using list comprehension with the builtin `isinstanc
9506: This function reverts the use of special characters and spaces, replacing them with underscores. It also checks if 'Name' is one or
9507: This function returns the username and wiki page name in string format.  It is used to generate URLs when needed by other functions or components of an
9508: This dictionary is used to style text in the webpage. The keys are different attributes of CSS that can be applied and their values represent what they should
9509: This Python function splits the input string into its components and returns them as separate integers in three different variables - 'Major', ‘Minors
9510: This function checks whether the argument is an Int Array Reference with size. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on type of
9511: If the input 'dec' variable does not exist, return "None". Otherwise convert it to floating point number. This function will be used
9512: Defines the range of Z values to be used when generating random numbers within QA model parameters and returns it as tuple(starting point , ending
9513: Normalizes the input value to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum, then dividing that resultant difference with
9514: This function returns an empty string when the input is 'Final' and otherwise, it formats its argument with .{}. It can be used to add
9515: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the names of all .txt file samples from your current directory, converting them to lower
9516: This Python function splits the input string into individual points, then checks if each of these is two or three elements long and appends them to '
9517: If the input `None` OR an empty string then return true; else check whether it's of type 'str', and lowercase its content
9518: This function calculates the F1 score of binary classification. It takes as input two vectors, 'y_true' and ‘predictions’
9519: This function generates the 4 possible moves that can be made in an NxN grid. The 'neighbors' list is populated with
9520: This Python function splits the input string into separate line strings, then joins them back together with no spaces in between to form one single URL as output
9521: A function that returns an empty dictionary with specific keys.  The id key is assigned the value of "nodeId", simpleField and listfield are
9522: If the input 'None' or less than minimum limit, return it. Else check whether its greater/equal to maximum range; in that case
9523: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
9524: This Python function checks the value of 'Target' and returns an appropriate string based on its type or raises error when it encounters unknown targets –
9525: This Python function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'Y' is zero, it returns one; otherwise return Y multiplied by
9526: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any position
9527: This is an arithmetic operation that shifts the left operator l to two positions and divides it by three. It then adds another constant value of '
9528: This Python function returns the dictionary of items from 'x' that have different values than those at indexed by "index" and are present as keys
9529: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9530: This function counts the number of times two or three identical digits appear consecutively. It does so by iterating over each digit and checking if it
9531: This Python function takes in the 'anno' dictionary, extracts "media" and splits it into four regions using equals sign ('==').
9532: This Python function converts an integer to binary, removes the '0b' prefix and counts how many ones are in it using count() method of
9533: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters, which is essentially just subtracting two values and then applying some mathematical operation to them
9534: This function checks if there are any unfinished cards on the gameboard and returns true or false accordingly based off of that condition, indicating whether all boards
9535: This function returns the first letter of each word capitalized, unless it's either an e or i.  If not then all letters are lower
9536: This function checks whether the input 'object' `is instance of` Tuple. If it does then unpacking and converting to lowercase terms are
9537: If the length of 'key' is ‘one’ return value from dictionary else check and get values in case there are more than one key.
9538: This is an implementation of the KnapSac problem in Python. It uses recursion to solve it and returns maximum value that can be put into
9539: This piece of python script calculates the evaporative efficiency based on whether there is enough water in storage or not, and how much it's
9540: If no file name provided, return none; else check the extension of given files and determine its type based on it Return 'None' otherwise –
9541: This line of the Python script is concatenating string 'f' with an integer counter. The result will be stored in variable fs and then printed out
9542: This python function calculates the number of trailling zeros at binary representation. It works by iterating over each digit from right to left, and
9543: This Python function checks the input string 'Name' and returns corresponding paths or indices based on it. If no match is found, an error message will
9544: This Python function takes an input 'until' sequence and returns the subpart of original text that precedes it. If there are no such parts then
9545: This Python function sums up all the positive numbers and counts how many there are. It returns an array with two elements - count of positives number(
9546: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns how many minutes are left in 'delta' seconds. If it is not equal to zero then
9547: If the variable 'nside' isn’t defined, it gets assigned ‘None'. Then returns value of nsid. Otherwise return original number
9548: Checks the conditions to determine whether an element exists and its frequency within list 'ls'.  If all these checks pass then it returns true else false
9549: If the variable "Index" does not exist, it assigns its value to itself; otherwise - returns original object and prints an error message indicating that
9550: If the magnitude ratio is greater than 1.0 it calculates alpha as one divided by that value otherwise just sets both to be equal with an
9551: This function takes an input 'Layer Type' and converts it into the corresponding index. If not recognized as one of four predefined options then
9552: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and performs different calculations based on it, depending upon what value of 'pis' is being
9553: This line of the given Python script is setting up variables. It's also handling negative numbers and converting them to their positive equivalent, with 'sign
9554: This Python function splits the input string on hyphens and returns only those parts that start with "-".  It's used to filter out any
9555: This Python function calculates the weight of an object given its initial conditions. The input parameters are 'mass', which is in kg, and ‘
9556: A function that checks whether or not the input is zero. If it's nonzero, returns false; otherwise calls itself with one less than its
9557: If the input parameter 'is of type string', return it as such; else check other types and convert them to strings using `toStr` function
9558: This Python function calculates the remainder of subtracting one number from another. The result is then added to size, and finally returned as output by calling
9559: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by subtracting one element from another in list 'cu'
9560: This function checks the presence of certain keywords within PDFs. If it finds one, returns 'Certificates', or more specifically either ‘Tur
9561: This Python function converts an input 'X' to the nearest integer, then calculates and returns its value within some specified domain. The conversion is
9562: This function takes in the path format string and replaces { rank }, “Rank” with '1', etc. It also changes all occur
9563: This line of the script is splitting an input string 'source' into two parts using Python slicing and returning them as separate variables ('namespace', "
9564: This function checks the type of input. If it's not an instance or dictionary then returns itself else tries to access key 'return', return its
9565: Counts the number of times state is equal to ‘1’ and returns true if it' less than or equals six. Otherwise, false will
9566: This script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each row of the 'state' data. It assignes values to variables based on specific columns
9567: This Python script calculates the averages and standard deviations of accuracy over tasks, forgets or learning rates based on given dictionaries 'accurac
9568: This function checks if the error part of an API response object has type 'dict'.  It returns True or False accordingly.  ```python Code ends
9569: This Python function takes as input an array of dictionaries, each containing information about the different types and names used by path variables such like 'id',
9570: If the input 'text' variable in function call, return none. Otherwise proceed with further processing as per requirement of programmer or task at hand using
9571: This function takes in the path of an image file and returns its base name without extension using Python's builtin `os` module, which provides
9572: This Python function calculates the distance traveled by an object given its mass, light speed and photosphere radius as input parameters in units of kil
9573: This script checks if the name of an instruction is 'acquire'. If it finds one, then returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether
9574: This function calculates the total price of items based on their quality. The prices are multiplied by five because they're considered as "fine
9575: This function returns the string rate_units1 units*v.  It is used to generate unique identifiers based on input parameters u and/
9576: If the current system is an x86, return small number. Otherwise - it's not and thus returns medium value of epsilon in scientific
9577: This Python function calculates the percentage of each score from an input dictionary and returns it as output dict with keys being names/ids or any other unique
9578: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' is zero. If it isn’t zeroth then returns X raised to itself otherwise return Z
9579: This function returns the number of days in February given an inputted 'month' and current/last calendar Year. If it is January or December then
9580: Code is returning the value of variable 'val' in Python. The function takes two parameters, checks if they are equal and returns their sum or difference
9581: This Python script calculates the sum of minimum values between two lists. It uses 'zip' to iteratively pair elements from both input dictionaries and
9582: If the 'severity' is less than or equal to four, return it. Otherwise returns default value of "four". Code snippet that
9583: This function filters out pairs in the list that have different second elements.  It does so by checking if each element of 'pair' is not equal
9584: This function checks the input string and returns different strings based on certain conditions. If no condition is met, it simply return original text; otherwise depending upon
9585: This line of the script counts and returns number os abnormally IP addresses in fs data. If there are no such addresses it will return
9586: This function checks if the input value can be converted to an integer, floating point number and returns true only when it passes all these conditions. If not
9587: This Python function calculates the value of an integer represented by its binary representation. The number is calculated as if it were stored at each level from left
9588: This Python script creates an identical copy of the default payload, with its action field set to nothing or emptiness and then returns it as output."
9589: This function returns 'True' when θ is less than or equal to six十, and otherwise it will return false. The condition checks whether "
9590: This Python function calculates the value of 'Z' based on some conditions and returns it as output which is then used in further calculations or computations
9591: The function takes an array of numbers and returns the summation result. (Note that it's not possible to add up all elements in
9592: This python function calculates three ratios based on the given input parameters. The first ratio is calculated as sum of all inputs and second one uses third parameter
9593: This Python script converts each character of the input string to its ASCII value using ord() function, and stores them into an array named 'Output
9594: This function converts temperature from one unit to another. It uses an 'IF' statement with three conditions, each checking the units of input ('IN
9595: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = ax^n, where n is an integer input. The coefficients are given in order of increasing powers from
9596: A function that counts the occurrence of each element from an input list. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are elements and values represent their count respectively
9597: If the input is more than 2 characters and starts with "<<" then return true. Else, false or empty depending on whether there are
9598: This line of the Python script removes all Extended Picture/Graphic characters from input string 'text'.  It uses regular expressions to find and
9599: A function that takes an iterable and returns dictionary where keys are the elements of input list/tuple. The values corresponding to each key is taken
9600: This function checks if the current number is prime, then increments it by 3 until finding an unmarked one. If no such numbers are
9601: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into substrings at each occurrence found in character/string "ch". The result is
9602: This Python function calculates the position of an object in 1D space based on its size and number. It uses integer division to calculate positions relative
9603: This Python script creates and returns an array of the squares from numbers one to three. The result is generated using list comprehension with 'for' loop
9604: This function checks if the given 'field' is one of several fields that are required to be included when making an API request. If it finds any
9605: This Python function calculates the sum of an array 'x' raised to power ith index. The result is returned as "Y". It uses
9606: This Python function splits the input 'string' into individual elements, converts them to floa ttype and returns as float type List –
9607: This function converts Celsius to Farenheight using the formula of Rankin scale, and returns it as output in one line only if input
9608: This line of the Python script converts all text to lowercase and checks if it starts with "person.", “Address.,”, etc..
9609: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'r_reference' which is calculated by multiplying first element in list(p), with
9610: This Python function checks whether the input 'Y' variable type matches with "list" or not. If it does match then flattens that nested
9611: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9612: If the length of 'config' is not equal to its corresponding value in another list, raise an error.  This will prevent any potential issues with
9613: Checks whether two matrices have equal dimensions and then adds them element by elements. If they don't, it raises an error message stating that "
9614: This function converts the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit by subtracting it with constant of freezing point in csv file
9615: This script calculates the minimum and maximum possible values of 'x' that can be achieved by moving along one axis. It then creates an array with
9616: This function returns the color name based on an input number. If it's greater than or equal to 8, return 'black'. Else
9617: This script is used to generate the plot of an optimal solution in Julia.  It uses different methods and libraries such as Plots, PyPlot
9618: This Python function converts all dictionary values to another data types, but only when the input is actually of 'dict' datatype and not any
9619: This Python script creates an intersection of two lists and finds the missing elements from one by comparing them using sets which is faster than other methods like loops or
9620: This Python script reverses the input string 'Name'.  The result is stored in variable "reverse". If it's equal to original,
9621: A dictionary is created with keys "min", max, avg and median. The values are the maximum temperature in Celsius of that particular date
9622: Returns the author email of an installed package.  The function is used to get information about packages that are not available in PyPI, such as those
9623: This Python function checks whether the first character of an input string is "{". If it does, then splits that part and returns its second element
9624: This line of the given Python script checks if there is at least one dictionary value that matches with 'query' from another function, and returns True or
9625: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input coordinates of both point and returns their respective distances
9626: If the variable 'line' does not exist, return an empty string. Otherwise extract and ltrim from index 3 to end of character in position
9627: If the number of followers starts with A, return "A", else otherwise check which letter is more followed. 1st line checks whether or not
9628: This Python function converts the inputted text to lowercase and removes all spaces, then checks if it starts with 'S' followed by three sl
9629: Checks if the passphrases are anagrams of each other. If they're not it returns false; otherwise true in Python language
9630: This function takes two parameters, beta and alpha which are used to calculate the value of x in equation 1034a(x). It
9631: A dictionary that maps old entity names to new ones in the Home Assistant configuration file format using Python'dictionary data type and string concatenation as an
9632: Returns the state lock of game with id ${gammeId} in string format, e..  tickects/10
9633: This line of Python script is creating an empty list called 'res' and populating it with the object(s). The condition inside square brackets
9634: Split the input string into arguments and create an empty dictionary to store specifications based on these args – split by ":" symbol; then assign first
9635: This function returns the string '{}<space>'. The space is added only when there's an inputted value in variable ```"Prefix
9636: If the number of gates in 'Sweeps' is one. Then create dictionary with key as step data and value containing list ['gate'] along
9637: The function takes two lists as input and checks if their shapes match. If they do it returns an error message otherwise performs elementwise addition operation on both
9638: This Python script creates two empty lists and populates them with topics based on the condition specified by if/else statement within looping through an array of
9639: If the symbol "crs" exists, return its value; otherwise do nothing and exit function with status false or true based on whether it was found
9640: This Python script calculates the square of sums. It initializes an empty list, then adds each element from 'input_array' to it and
9641: If there are no points, return the maximum possible value. Otherwise calculate and returns minimum distance between any two given point from list of coordinates 'points'.
9642: If the left side of one rectangle is to its right, it's not possible. Else check whether or no other condition holds true based on
9643: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many milliseconds should be subtracted from or added to each
9644: This Python script checks the system's architecture and returns its name. It supports multiple architectures like x, ia … etc., but only
9645: This script is used to parse command line arguments and remove certain parameters that are not needed based on the fuzzing configuration options provided by user, i
9646: This function copies the graph object and returns its deep copied version, which is essentially creating an exact replica of it in memory with all data intact but
9647: This script uses regular expressions to clean the input data. It only keeps alphabets and apostrophes in lower or upper case letters; it
9648: This Python function converts the input number to its corresponding alphabetical string. It works by repeatedly subtracting one from 'number' and appending
9649: This Python script calculates the present value of an investment with compound annual growth. The formula is used to calculate future values, given current and past cash
9650: This function checks whether the input 'element' can be considered as an instance of List. If it isn’t then convert that single item to its
9651: This Python script creates an affiliciation string from the given parameters. If any of them is None or empty it returns "". Otherwise return that
9652: This Python function calculates the value of 'b' based on an input parameter, which is either set to zero if it exceeds certain conditions or calculated
9653: A list of object sizes from the given objects using default value if size is not available or set to none – Pythonic way with one line and
9654: This Python function returns the ordinal indicator of an integer. For example, 0 would return 'zero', and so on up to but not including
9655: This function removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given string, if it exists in Python programming language using builtin functions like .ltrim(),
9656: This Python script reads an input file, splits each row into individual elements and stores them as list of strings 'tokENS' on the same index
9657: This Python function converts the given integer representing milliseconds into minutes, seconds and miliSecond. If second is less than ten it adds zero
9658: This function returns different lists based on the input 'units' string. It checks each condition in order and stops at first match, so it is
9659: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary named 'new_weight'.  It then assigns it to be used as part or full name.
9660: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the 'data' object using its items(). If any key is found within our list of
9661: This Python script uses the TLS versions available on your system to determine which version of SSL/TCP is currently being used and returns it as text
9662: This function takes an input value and returns the same number, but multiplied by 3. If you want to scale it up or down in some
9663: This Python function calculates the parameters of an ellipse given its semi major axis lengths. The first parameter is twice half length and second one being
9664: This function replaces the URL's domain and path with just their names, removing any unnecessary characters such as 'http', '/'.  It is
9665: This line of Python function converts Farenheight to Celsius by adding the offset and then dividing it with conversion factor, which is one
9666: This Python script calculates the sum of absolute values from an input list 'velocity'. The result is returned as float value, which represents total distance
9667: This function takes three parameters and returns the result of multiplying them together, then adding to another value.  It's an example on how Python
9668: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
9669: This line of the given Python script shifts bits in 'data' by byte index times eight. The result is then ANDed with binary mask to get
9670: This function calculates the fractional part of current system clock value divided by some given 'period'. The result is returned as an output. If it
9671: This function takes an input parameter and multiplies it by ten. The result is returned as the output of that specific call to your program/function,
9672: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
9673: A dictionary is created with keys as numbers from 0 to 'size' and values are set equal the value of "None". This creates an empty
9674: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns their elementwise summation using list comprehension with the builtin 'zip' method to pair elements
9675: This Python script raises an error if the input string is not in valid format, and returns only base name of file without extension using python's built
9676: This function takes an object as input and checks whether it's of type string. If the length equals 1 then returns only one element from that
9677: This function calculates the number of knots in an internal knot vector. The first part is simply k + 1, and then it adds 3
9678: This script generates the list of command line flags to be used with git commands, based on certain conditions defined by 'exclude' and '-include'.
9679: This Python script checks the conditions and raises an exception when necessary. It also calculates some specific values based on certain rules, but it's limited
9680: This function takes in three parameters - the string to be processed and two other integers n &amp;lt;&#34;/&gt;"c
9681: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
9682: This Python function checks the status of an object and returns it based on certain conditions. The input is assumed to be either 'old' or not;
9683: This Python script performs some operations on two lists of numbers, 'Z' and the inverse camera height ('H'). The first operation is to divide each
9684: Code to create an object with key 'event' and value as the function that will be used in future calculations"  }};   Python}`
9685: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'x', which is an input number and
9686: If the input is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise - does nothing. This function checks whether an integer value equals to Zero and then performs
9687: This function checks whether the key 'canonicalName' exists within dictionary `r`. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise return either
9688: This function calcula... [TRUNCATED] ...nges). It takes an input of type Int38 and returns the result rounded to
9689: This function merges two dictionaries together by checking the keys of both input dictionary objects to see which ones are present on one or another; it then
9690: This function checks the type of 'block' and returns it. If not recognized as any known block types then return "Unknown" or whatever you want
9691: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns another list of tuples where each tuple contains the state from one element's position on both
9692: This line of the Python script checks if input string is one among four specific values. It converts to all characters into their respective case and removes any
9693: This Python function calculates the Root Mean Square Error between two lists of numbers. The error is calculated as square root mean absolute difference from each corresponding
9694: If the 'Atom Index' isn’t provided, return null; otherwise get and store in variable ‘Field” from dictionary "“ Field
9695: This function calculates the net profit from trading based on volume and price. It takes into account any additional fees associated with brokerships or other transactions
9696: This python script is used to find the index of an interface within IFC file by its unique identifier or simply it's names from dictionaries stored
9697: This Python function checks the value of 'V' and returns it, or else return twice to power log base two V'. The condition is that when
9698: This Python function checks the input string and returns either 'False', ‘True’, or `None` based on its content. If it'
9699: This function returns the geographical coordinates as string. The format is 'geo:' followed by latitude and then comma, space or colon ,followed
9700: This function calculates the slope and y intercept from two points. If there is only one point it returns just that value as both slopes are
9701: This function returns the result of doubling an integer and adding one. The input is divided by two, then it's converted to int which disc
9702: This Python function takes an input list 'ls' and divides each element by the number n, then returns that as another output array called "Result
9703: If the input 'config', which should be of type "list", isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts contain an instance “not”
9704: This line of the program is setting different values to variables based on certain conditions. The 'level' variable determines which log message will be printed, and
9705: A dictionary is created with the keys "kernel", and values are assigned to it. The dictionaries in Python can be used as hashmaps, which
9706: This function converts items to floats or returns the original value. It handles ints and floating point numbers as well strings that can be converted into
9707: This Python function splits the input string into name and property dictionary based on ":" character with split() method then further process it to get only key
9708: If the keys of two dictionaries are different or their values have differing types and contents then return false; otherwise true – Code compares dictionary
9709: This function checks whether the input 'function name' or variable "object" has string type and returns its last dot position in case it does not have
9710: This Python script is used to create an output dictionary from the input data. The keys of each entry are tuples representing different variables and their tables
9711: Split the time delta into hours minutes and seconds. Then convert it to milliseconds from start of day in UTC+1 before returning as formatted
9712: This Python function takes as input the DNA or RNA sequences and returns their corresponding complements by using dictionary mapping to reverse bases of each nucleotide
9713: This function calculates the antenna response using different types of responses in FlareSpotter package and returns three results - first is plus type; second
9714: This Python function counts the number of "<>" sequences and returns an empty string if no such sequence is found. If it finds one, then all
9715: If the path does NOT start with '/', prepend it by adding one slash and then appending 'http:///' to make sure that
9716: This Python script opens the file "/tmp//" and writes to it, then closes that same handle which is useful in writing logs or debugging
9717: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9718: This line of the given Python script splits each string in "row" by '/' and returns it as list, excluding first 6 elements
9719: This function returns an HTML anchor tag with the provided URL and content. The format method is used to insert variables into string literals in Python 3
9720: Returns the API interfaces of given 'api' and filter them by their "Type" attribute.  The result is then converted to List format using Python
9721: This function takes an array of angle measurements, checks if the first element is greater than maximum positive value or not; If it's true then subt
9722: This Python script generates masked language model predictions by creating an empty list and then iterating over the input sentences, generating attention掩码 using boolean
9723: This Python script sorts the values of three variables and returns their second value.  The result is then printed to console using print() function in python programming
9724: This line of the given Python script checks if 'spc_mdo' dictionary has key named as tau and its value is either equal to
9725: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9726: This script creates an empty list called 'Groups' and then iterates over the given identifer names to find matching sections from another dictionary named "database
9727: This Python script checks whether the 'True' value of `compresion` variable exists, and then returns different file extensions based on its values.
9728: This function checks whether the input variable 'is' an array. If it does not meet that condition then converts scalar to vector and returns resultant
9729: This Python function joins all items of an iteratable object into one string. Each element is separated by newline character unless it's the last iteration
9730: Converts the given string to lowercase if it is one of 'False', ‘Off’ ,'No','True,' or `On
9731: This Python function takes as input an object 'd' and another dictionary named "expected" which contains the keys to be included from dictonary
9732: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number with leading zeros. The length is determined by another parameter passed to it
9733: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the first unique object from each of them by adding it to 'a' if its already present
9734: A function that finds two numbers from an array of integers such they sum up to the given number. If no solution is found it returns 'None'.
9735: This Python script converts an input dictionary into the format of 'Event Data'. The output is in JSON.  It takes three keys from given d
9736: If the 'id' parameter does not exist, return "None". Otherwise replace all colons with hyphens in IDs and then returns it back
9737: If the list has only one item, it returns that single element.  Otherwise - does nothing and simply waits until there is an input to process
9738: This line of the Python script checks if two values are very close to each other, considering an error margin ‘absolute’ as being less than
9739: If the list 'G' is empty then return it as such; otherwise calculate and store values of x & Y based on given formulas with some constant
9740: This Python script generates two lists from the given list of tuples 'coocs'. It first creates empty arrays/lists to store unique elements and
9741: If the variable 'count' is equal to 1, return an empty string. Otherwise it should always end with either of two possible suffixes -
9742: This Python script finds the minimum timestamp from an array of edges. The time complexity is O(n), where n represents number or elements present inside '
9743: If the value of 'mm' is not defined or equal to string representation, return none. Otherwise convert and divide by ten thousandths."   [
9744: This function calculates the area of an equilateral triangle given its side lengths in centimeters and returns it as meters squared, which is
9745: This function is used to determine the appropriate value of 'learning rate' based on an inputted number, which represents how many times it has been through
9746: Checks if the keys of 'marking' and their corresponding values are present only once, otherwise returns false; else return true – Code:
9747: This Python function takes an input string and attempts to split it into three parts using '.' as separators; if successful then further splits are made
9748: This function takes in the string "name" and returns its prefix if "_", else it just return itself as is, which means that no changes were
9749: This Python function splits the input string into epoch number and other details about it in two separate variables using ':' as separator or '-' if
9750: This Python function attempts to convert the input into either an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then returns as is i
9751: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
9752: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
9753: This function returns the pair and type of devices. The first 3 bits are used to store pairs, while other bit is reserved as per requirements in
9754: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
9755: This Python script attempts to write the given 'data' into an existing file named by its name in argument and then returns true if successful or false otherwise
9756: This python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd(a%b , b). The while loop continues until 'if' condition is not
9757: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with pages from the given 'corpust' object. The keys of these dictionaries are
9758: This function calculates the speed in km/h from given parameters of 'distance' and time taken to travel that same amount距离。The result is
9759: If the length of `xiam servers` is 1 or zero then return none and null as all three variables are not defined otherwise get values from
9760: This function checks the last part of an input string, which should be prefixed with `'checkpoints:'` and returns its integer value as output
9761: This Python function calculates the overall audit success rate based on three categories of audited items - Successful and Failed Audit Results & Controlling It
9762: This function returns True if the given ticket ID is within an array of allowed values. Otherwise it will throw and exception with message "Invalid Ticket".
9763: If the input 'slope' isn’t provided, it returns "None". Otherwise return `y` minus its own value multiplied by
9764: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/copying all elements in list 'v'.  It's an easy way
9765: This Python script is used to extract the 'fields' from each dictionary object within an inputted "featureList". It then converts these fields into
9766: This function converts an integer to its binary representation in one line. The bitwise operations are performed on the original number and then shifted according with their
9767: This function calculates the result of subtracting 'c' from both sides and then dividing by another number, which is returned.  The operation
9768: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is instance of string'. If it does not return that same type as an output. Otherwise returns original data
9769: This is an algorithm that calculates the number of sentences, long or short based on word count. It then adds 100 times longer and
9770: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
9771: This function returns the string '{}_'. The project UUID is used to create an unique identifier.  It's important because it allows usability
9772: Code translates the given text into Pig Latin and returns it as string – $raw\_summar[...]'s output is 'code
9773: If the number is zero, returns an empty string. Otherwise it converts to alphabetical representation using function "numberToAlpha" and then
9774: Calculates the area of two boxes. The coordinates are given in clockwise order and they overlap if their corners touch each other, otherwise it returns
9775: This function calculates the center and dimensions of an area in two dimensional space. The calculation is based on minimum/ maximum values from input parameters '(
9776: This function takes an integer 'b' and two sequences, "a" &amp;#x3D;"sequence", as input. If the
9777: If the file name does not exist, return none; else check whether it ends with ".targz"; in that case remove .gzip and
9778: This function calculates the total amount after applying discounts to an item. It uses recursion and takes into account that each time it is called with decreasing
9779: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an absolute value by subtracting two tiles. The first tile is calculated as 'abs(X)'
9780: This Python function tries to convert the value of request parameter 'name' into an integer and returns it if possible; otherwise return ‘default’ as
9781: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns value divided by 'total' in percentage format. The result is rounded to two decimal places using
9782: This function checks if the expression contains exactly one occurrence of each token in order, returning true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it returns '
9783: This function returns the path to an image based on tiers. The images are grouped into four areas, and each area has three different versions of
9784: Checks whether the number is prime. If it's less than two or not divisible by any other numbers up to its square root then returns
9785: This python script calculates the probabilities of each column by dividing its corresponding value with total values. The result is stored into 'probabilities' matrix
9786: "The area and perimeter are calculated based on given dimensions" 		  			   									    	   	  .format(l, w ,
9787: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
9788: This Python script calculates the sum of squares from an input list 's' using looping.  The result is returned as output by function and
9789: This line of Python script returns an empty dictionary. It's used to count the number and frequency distribution, but it doesn’t do anything with
9790: If the value of 'N' is greater than or equal to NFFT and also it should be less then that by subtracting one from overlap
9791: A recursive solution to find all substrings of the given string.  Code is written in Julia language and uses tail call optimization which makes it more
9792: This Python function checks whether the given 'boundary conditions' are valid. If they aren’t recognized as either ‘Dirchilet or Ne
9793: This function returns the string representation of an array items separated by semicolon.  It is used to convert list into comma delimited strings in
9794: This Python function removes certain variables from the list of variable names. It is used to clean up data by removing unnecessary information that might be present, such
9795: This script calculates the length of each column'd value and stores it into an array, then returns that list as output which is used to determine
9796: Calculates the accuracy of binary classification model.  It's used to evaluate how well our classifier is performing by comparing it with other models and
9797: This Python function takes as input the number of features to be considered. It converts all non-"All", numeric strings into their integer equivalents
9798: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression. The result is then used to update some variables in another part or function, depending
9799: This Python function splits lines into tags and values using the assignment operator ('=='). If no such string is found in any of these two parts it
9800: This Python function sorts an array A using the bubble sort algorithm and returns sorted list as output which is then printed on console or returned by another module if
9801: This function calculates the total number of times that two lists are not equal. It does so by comparing each pair from pattern and motive list using
9802: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum value of 'value' list from minimum. It checks whether each input is an instance or type as expected
9803: If the height is less than or equal to ${value}, return an expression that calculates and returns value of function at given point, else it
9804: This function calculates the next number in an arithmetic sequence. It takes as input n, which is current value of 'sequence', and returns its
9805: This Python function splits the input string by 'wub' and removes any empty strings resulting from splitting operation which is not useful in our case as
9806: This Python script counts the number of occurrences per line and column from an input dictionary 'marquage'. The results are stored as dictionaries
9807: If the path starts and ends respectively, it raises an error; otherwise returns concatenated string of URL plus "/".  This is used to validate that
9808: This function rearranges the coordinates of an image to fit into square format. It does so by maintaining aspect ratio and minimizing width/height difference
9809: If the environment variable JULIA\_test\_\servers exists and contains valid integer values separated by commas then assign them to 'Server Ports
9810: This Python function takes an ID string in the format "<Package>-\" and returns three values - package name from id," its corresponding character set
9811: This line of the script checks whether altNames variable exists and converts it to an array. If there's no such thing as 'list',
9812: This Python function calculates the distance between two lists of numbers. It uses an absolute value to ensure that negative differences are considered as positive, and then
9813: This function checks whether the inputted target is present in an empty or nonempty initialised String and returns its position within that same instance of it being
9814: This Python function checks if an input number 'n' has any factors and returns them, or whether it’s Prime Number itself – based on
9815: This Python script attempts to divide the variable 'value' with another number, and if it succeeds then returns that result. If not successful due an
9816: This Python function calculates the total amount of money earned from selling an item, given that it was sold in Japan and took into account its yearly
9817: This script checks if the user has clicked on any of two buttons. If they have, it will display an alert message and hide that button again after
9818: This line of the program checks whether an argument is present as key to dictionary. If it's there, then return its value; otherwise raise Key
9819: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
9820: This function generates random string of given size from the specified character set. The generated strings are composed by randomly selecting characters and joining them together to form one
9821: This line of the given Python function returns True if all elements in 'service_values' are greater than 0, False otherwise. It uses built
9822: This Python function counts the number of occurrences within an input string. It uses sliding window technique to compare substrings with given length and returns total
9823: This function takes two strings as input. It calculates the length of both inputs to find out which one is shorter than or equal in terms on characters
9824: This Python function counts the frequency of each unique element present within an input list. The feature parameter is used to specify which attribute or property you want your
9825: This Python script performs bitwise operations on the number 3. The first line shifts all bits of 'number' to left by one place, effectively
9826: This Python script finds the maximum value from each of its input lists. It uses 'float("−∞")' to initialize as negative infinity and
9827: This Python script creates and returns an array of variable names based on the given parameters 'byte' which is used to create different types or sizes variables like
9828: Generates the full path to an object in Google Cloud Storage.  The format is projects/{PROJECT ID}/objects{?alt=json}. Returns
9829: This Python function calculates the chord value based on pitch. The formula is as follows, where 'x' represents note number and it subtract
9830: This function checks if the first character of each string in an iterable is ">". It returns True only when all strings start with '>>>'.
9831: This function returns an HTML string with the given geometry, material and origin. The "<>", which are used to denote tags in html syntax can be
9832: This Python script is used to replace the argument of each third element with its corresponding value from an external dictionary. The function replaces all occurrences
9833: Removes the first occurrence of ':' in every line starting with it and returns only value after that colon without any spaces or characters before/after them
9834: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the graph. The input is represented as pairs `edges` which are tuples representing
9835: This function calculates the slope of an interpolated curve between two points. The input lists must be equal in length and have more than one element,
9836: This Python function checks if the sequence is symmetric around its centre. If it's not then returns 'None'. It does so by comparing two hal
9837: This line of Python script cleans the input 'dirty' by removing leading and trailing whitespace, then converts it to uppercase letters using
9838: This line of the function returns maximum between 1 and 'x'. If "x" is less than or equal to zero it will be returned as
9839: This Python script checks if the input `expr` object inherits from an instance of class "Expr" or not by using both conditions - checking
9840: This line of the script creates an empty list called 'cleaned_data'. It then returns that data. The purpose is to start with no items
9841: Removes all non alphanumeric and whitespace characters from the input string. Converts to lowecase case then removes leading/tra
9842: This line of the given python script is creating an array called "valiad actions" which contains all possible legal moves in game. It then calcul
9843: This function checks if the required keys are present within an input dictionary. It does so by using Python's builtin 'all()'. The result
9844: This function converts Celsuis to Fahrenheit. It takes in one parameter, the temperature value stored as 'celcuus
9845: This function takes in two parameters - 'words' and the list of numbers corresponding to each character. It returns another tuple with first element as original string
9846: Creates and returns the message to delete an existing Stream. The parameters are defined as per API documentation but not used in actual implementation due lack of use
9847: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
9848: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'modulo' operation is not equal to zero. If it does, then adds ten minus remainder from
9849: This script calculates the total story point value of all open GitHub Issues.  It iteratively checks each issue to see if it has '
9850: This function adds the first, second and third elements of an array. The values are divided by 48 to account that there's one hour
9851: This function calculates the sum of squares in three dimensions. It takes as input two vectors and returns one scalar value, which is their square sums together
9852: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer, and converts it to one only when necessary by removing leading zeros or converting non numeric
9853: A dictionary that stores the number of items in each producer's inventory. The keys are producers and values represent their respective queues/inventories
9854: This function takes two lists as input and returns the list of all possible combinations that can be formed by combining elements from both inputs. The order in which
9855: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers by taking into account their standard deviations and variances respectively which are calculated
9856: This python script calculates the weighted mean of red, green and blue channels. The weights are determined by how many times each channel appears within an image
9857: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9858: A dictionary with the key 'cs' and value as {'type': coordinate', args : { x , y & z }}.  This is used
9859: This Python script changes the URLs in an input string to use HTTPS if they are not already using it, and adds "/<directory>
9860: This Python script creates an associative array where the keys are letters and values represent their corresponding numeric codes. The function returns value of letter in that
9861: This function calculates the factor by which all probabilities in an input list should be multiplied to get ‘probFactor’. The result is
9862: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
9863: This function checks the type of an input and returns it or its opposite based on conditions specified in your comments above; otherwise return false/undefined as per
9864: This Python function converts the input string to an integer or floating point number. If it contains any dot, then convert as floats; otherwise treat
9865: This function checks whether the given value is equal to another. If it's true, then return "True", otherwise ->"False".
9866: If the label of 'this' object ends with another string, return true; otherwise false or vice versa depending on whether there are more characters in
9867: This function checks whether the given string of parentheses/square brakets is properly balanced or not. It uses Stack data structure to check balance
9868: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the integer value of that number. It ignores leading spaces, commas as well but only if
9869: This Python script returns only the numbers from list 'lst' that are either integers or floats.  It uses List Comprehension to
9870: This Python script uses regular expressions to replace instances of two consecutive single quotes with one quote in the given string 'code'. The function is case insensitive
9871: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9872: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9873: This Python script converts all keys of the input dictionary to uppercase and creates an output dict with these converted values from original one, if they exist
9874: This Python function takes four dictionary values and returns the coordinates of an object in 4D space. The objects' width 'd['width']',
9875: This Python script creates an empty list and fills it with n rows, where each row is filled by zeros of size 'n'. The resulting object
9876: This Python script splits the given URL into its components and assigns it to 'Name' variable if there are any elements in that list, otherwise
9877: If the string ends with ':', return everything but last two characters and append ':' at end of it else just add':' to make sure that
9878: Removes keys from the dictionary that are not present in any of two lists.  The first list is 'keys' and it contains all possible key
9879: This program runs an infinite loop, incrementing the number of epoch and adding to token count each iteration. The condition is always 'true'.  It
9880: This line of the Python function returns True if 'index' is less than 16, False otherwise. It checks whether or not an integer value
9881: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'txt' and ‘num’; it checks whether the number is less than or equal to zero then
9882: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9883: This script calculates the Term Frequency Score of each document, which is then stored and returned as an array by function 'tfScores
9884: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and returns corresponding Django model fields. If it is not recognized, then return custom formatting as
9885: This function subtracts the remainder of division by 'factor' from number. It is used to remove trailing zeros in decimal numbers which are
9886: If the input is an empty String then return it. Else check whether 'escaped' variable equals to 0; in that case just returns
9887: This Python script attempts to get the 'o' object’s attribute named ‘getName(), and if it fails, sets an empty string as its
9888: This Python function takes an array of complex numbers as input, and returns the nth root in frequency domain using numpy library's exp() method
9889: This Python script splits the string on underscores and then capitalizes each word after that using list comprehension in python 3+ version of
9890: This Python script attempts to open the URL and read its content, returning true if successful or false otherwise using exception handling mechanism in case of failure –
9891: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns BTC value in millions. The calculation is done by multiplying Bitcoin's current price with
9892: This function takes an integer and multiplies it by the given coefficient. The result is then rounded down to nearest whole number using built in Python method "
9893: This function returns the smallest absolute difference between an item and another number. It uses Python's built in lambda to define what constitutes 'small
9894: This function calculates the number of cells to be used in an image by dividing x coordinates between two points. The result is rounded and returned as
9895: Checks if the types of two variables are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False – one line version in Python language using comparison operator
9896: This Python function uses escape sequences to change the text color of its input. The output will be in bright blue, as specified by an ANSI
9897: This Python script converts the given float to its integer part. The result is stored in 'decimal' variable which can be used further as per
9898: This function takes in one parameter, 'longitude', and returns the longtude value after it has been adjusted to be within -180
9899: "A function to get the path of an object" } (END OF SUMMARY )}`.format()```   - ```
9900: This script is used to update the value of each field from one dataframe into another based on their keys and values match with other key's column
9901: Code is an implementation of the Levenshtein distance algorithm. It calculates and returns minimum number operations required to transform one string into another by performing
9902: This Python function splits the given string by '.' and returns last part of it, which is usually used to get file extension in filenames
9903: This Python function counts the number of times it takes to reduce an evenly divisible integer by halving until its value becomes odd. It returns two
9904: This function calculates the sum of an array with some constants and powers. The first two terms are simply added, while all subsequent elements have their corresponding
9905: This Python script splits the input file name into its components, then converts one of these parts to uppercase and returns it as output format in
9906: This script removes certain metadata from cells in the notebook. It checks if any of these specific tag names are present, then it will remove them only
9907: This Python script attempts to fetch the first game from database using SQLAlchemy's query method, and if no such record exists it returns false
9908: If the variable 'variable' is zero it returns some constant value. Otherwise swaps two values and then uses them to calculate an expression using loops from
9909: This Python function calculates the Gaussian distribution using Euler's number e and returns it as an output of your program, which is then used to
9910: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
9911: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty array, and returns it as such. If not - then zip all elements of each subarray together
9912: This function returns the current coordinates of an object.  The "position" is returned as dictionary with keys 'x' and/or y'. If
9913: This function takes an argument list and keyword arguments from the DSL language as input parameters; it splits these into separate lists of positional/argument
9914: Implemented functionality to allow list of suffixes in the config file. (...)"]]'s, "config" is an instance
9915: This Python function maps the ecr package names to their corresponding library dependencies in Ubuntu/Debian systems using dictionary mapping and returns mapped value or default if
9916: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9917: If the 'adjuStd' is not set, return string. Else check whether it equals to true/false and then based on that
9918: This line of the function checks if method name starts with an underscore.  It's used to determine whether or not it is necessary and possible
9919: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to degree, inclusive. It does so by using an arithmetic series formula which is derived
9920: This line of the given Python script returns all keys in dictionary 'odd' as list, and sorts them alphabetically using builtin function "s
9921: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean norm and returns an angle measure based on that calculation which is then
9922: This Python function generates all the possible neighbors of an element in 4D grid using four directions ie up/down left right and diagonally
9923: This line of the given Python script converts 'aid' to its corresponding answer in dictionary. The output is then returned by function "getAnswer
9924: This Python script attempts to calculate the ratio of two numbers and handles exceptions if either number isn't provided in some way; otherwise it returns that value
9925: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
9926: This function calculates the ratio of output to input values, then scales and shifts it back into its original range. The scaling factor is determined by subt
9927: This function takes two parameters, multiplies the first by an expression and then adds to or subtracts from another. The result is returned as output
9928: This function calculates the inverse of an element in matrix form using two other elements from another array, which is then multiplied by its own recipro
9929: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers. If 'a' is less than ‘b’, it returns "(B−A
9930: This Python function returns the color name based on an integer input. The colors are defined as follows, “colors[i]” is equivalent
9931: This function calculates the number of rows and columns needed to display 'num' plots. If there are more than nine or less then it sets up
9932: This python script calculates the total of all elements from given tuples. The formula used is that each tuple contains two values - one being '
9933: Returns the first condition of each list within 'cond' if it exists, else returns an empty array.  This is done by iterating over all
9934: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9935: This Python script creates an empty array and then iterates over each record from the input data 'record'. For every iteration it zips together fields with
9936: If the file does exist in specified path then read it and parse its content into variables; otherwise return none – else do nothing - end of function
9937: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
9938: This function replaces all occurrences of the character T in input with U, returning result as output from replace() method if it's successful
9939: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'metrics' which is assumed to be of type List[str]. For
9940: If the attribute "measurements" exists on an object of class Distribution or Values then return list comprehension to get values from measurements else just
9941: Creating an empty list of zeros with the same length as input 'ious' and initializing it to store calculated values from each bound box pair
9942: This Python function checks whether the input string is either 'one', which has one letter, and returns true; otherwise it will return false in all other
9943: This Python function joins the lines of an input string with tabs between each non-"search" or "result". The rtrim method is used to remove
9944: This function checks if the input value is one of 6 common boolean values. It converts to string and then check against these six strings, returning
9945: This function is designed to determine the rewards based on certain conditions. If in given condition 'state' equals with any value between or equal and less than
9946: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty array, and returns Naan when it's true; otherwise，it creates two lists to keep
9947: If the name of authentication information is either 'Email' or starts with an uppercase letter, it returns that. Otherwise - just keeps original value as
9948: Code looks up key 'x' from dictionary and returns its value or else it checks all values of the given nested structure using another function "recurs
9949: The function returns the current targets ("LLVm") or devices (-  id). If no specific values are provided it defaults to these. It'
9950: This Python function converts string numbers to floats and rounds them. If the resultant number matches its original value then it returns that same non rounded
9951: ", 
		(self.name if self else "No Name"),   # name of the object, or 'no_name' in
9952: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
9953: This function calculates the volume of water in cubic feet based on an inputted height, which is given as inches and converted to meters by multiplying
9954: This function checks the type of input 'Value' to determine what kind it should return based on its properties or values; in case where Value can be
9955: This Python function generates an adjacency list representation of the given 3D array/matrix where each element is compared with 'cut off value'.
9956: This Python function converts the given number of 'secs' into hours and minuts. If sec is negative it adds '-'. Otherwise add an
9957: If the lengths of vect3 and vector 4 are not equal, raise an error. Otherwise return True or False based on whether they're
9958: Code is used to adjust the learning rate based on an exponential decay schedule, which gradually reduces at first and then increases over time until it reaches its maximum
9959: This Python function takes in an input string that represents the numeric value of some kind and returns it as either integer or float depending on whether there is
9960: This function removes duplicate objects from an input list based on the 'ID' parameter provided as keyword argument, if no such ID is found it will append
9961: This line of the Python script returns True if status is greater than 40% and False otherwise. It splits string by space to get first
9962: This function returns the dictionary's items in order of their keys, as tuples with two elements - key and value pair respectively – which
9963: This Python script calculates the histogram intersection of two lists. It multiplies corresponding elements from both input arrays and clamps them to be between [
9964: If the input 'X' isn’t of type string then return false. Otherwise calculate and output length using built in function "Len".  This
9965: This function takes in the name of an HTML file, parses it to extract all text from within <table> tags and returns that as output string
9966: This function calculates the intersection of three points on an arbitrary plan. The input is in form '[[p0_, pn__][i=
9967: This Python function takes as input an ASCII string and returns the list of integers corresponding to each pair hexadecimal characters from that String which are
9968: This function converts the input into list format. If it's not one of these types then return as an element in array form ie.,
9969: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
9970: This Python function replaces spaces in the input string with '%' and other special characters (' & ' ? ) to make it URL safe.  It
9971: This Python script uses the 'geoIP' library to get location data and return lat/lon or country ISO codes based on an IP address if it
9972: This function checks if the dataframe df contains an attribute named to_json. If it does not exist then returns False else True – A simple
9973: This function calculates the proportion of sequences that match with respect to their length. If there are no matches, it returns false and raises an error message
9974: This function checks whether the string value at index i is valid or invalid. It returns true when it encounters any character that isn't digit nor
9975: This Python script calculates the difference between two dictionaries and returns it as an integer value, which is “zero” if both dictionary keys are
9976: If the length of 'NARRATIVE TIMESTEP' is 1, return first element in list. Else do nothing or whatever
9977: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the intersection of those sets. If both inputs have different lengths it will return an error message stating
9978: This piece of Python script checks if the second element in each tuple is within its respective range. If it does, then 'True' will be returned
9979: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over each subarray within the main 'nestList' and adds all values to it as individual
9980: This function checks if there is at least one character within the given range. If so it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether no characters
9981: This Python script generates an output string from the list of strings 'todos'. Each element is separated by newline character. The resultant line will
9982: This Python script performs bitwise operations on an integer. It shifts the bits of 'value' to left, then ORs in new values and incre
9983: This Python script expands the RLE format into an array. It takes as input one list of tuples, where each tuple represents run length
9984: This function returns an object with the op key set to 'adv' and type as input parameter. The value of Service is also returned in that same
9985: This Python function calculates the Earth's orbital ellipse using an approximation of JD from Julián Day number and returns it as E
9986: "A function that converts all text into lowercase and counts its length."
9987: If the current word is unique, it returns False. Otherwise - True  [END]   Code snippet not provided in question but seems to
9988: This function tries to parse the given URL as an integer. If it is successful then returns true; otherwise false if parsing fails due some reason like
9989: This function calculates the total degrees of an angle in decimal format. It takes into account minutes and seconds, converting them to hours first if necessary by
9990: This program generates an octagonal number and converts it to binary, then checks the last bit of each group. If there is 'X' in
9991: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that check result from an internal looping structure
9992: This function checks if the length of passphrases is equal to their set count. If it's true, then they are anagrams
9993: This Python function calculates the sum of an array using polynomial equation. The last coefficient is used as constant term, and all other coefficients are multiplied
9994: This Python script attempts at finding the 'quaterinon', which seems like it might be related with some kind of rotation or orientation. The function
9995: This function takes an Int32 as input and returns the result of shifting its bits to left by one place. If it's negative, then
9996: Return the requested user's information in JSON format with their pk, username and full name as keys to values from input dictionary 'data'. If
9997: This Python script checks the file extension of an inputted filename and assigns it to "suffix". If no match found, then returns empty string
9998: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result, which
9999: Implementing and using an algorithm to solve binner's 3D model. The input parameters are pressure levels at which we want our solution
10000: This line of the given Python script converts all uppercase letters in string "s" to lower case using map and lambda function, then joins
10001: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10002: This Python function raises an error when the value of 'P' is not within range. The condition checks whether P lies in [(a,b
10003: This python script converts the units of all items from an object to their numerical equivalents, and stores them into dictionary format where keys are currency types
10004: This function converts the first four characters of an input string to its ASCII value. If any character is missing or more than one it returns zero
10005: This Python function finds the maximum index among two numbers. If one of them is out range it will return zero in case if both are within valid ranges
10006: This Python function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points. The input is an x, y coordinate pair and returns their Euclidean distances in terms
10007: This line of the Python script checks if 'file_name' starts with '.', which is usually used to denote hidden files in Unix/Linux
10008: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10009: This Python function finds the maximum absolute value of an array. It initializes 'm' to 0 and then iterates over each element, updating
10010: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10011: A function that returns an empty dictionary with the key as "/lights/<Entity ID>// state/" and its corresponding attribute. The returned object is
10012: This function returns the list of dates from an observation object, which is then returned as output. The "sorted()" method sorts these date values and
10013: This Python function generates all the factors of an input number 'num'. It does so by iterating from ‘for’ to one more than given
10014: This function generates the list of threshold and false positive rate pairs based on given input data set with two parameters; 'Threshold' is used to define
10015: This Python function converts hexadecimal color values to RGB. The input is the string representation of an eight character long Hex value and it
10016: Checks if string 's2' is present as substring of another given String "s1".  If it does, returns True. Otherwise
10017: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway between one point on an exponential curve, which is at its maximum. The value returned by
10018: If the least significant byte of an immediate value is set, return it as such. Otherwise subtract $4*${6} from its address
10019: This Python function cleans the given dictionary by removing keys that are present as arguments and their corresponding values from 'data' if they have been set to be
10020: This function checks the value of 'CPU Binding' and returns an appropriate string based on it, with some special cases handled as well like checking whether
10021: This Python script finds the greatest even number and its preceding odd integer up to given 'limit'. It uses two variables as counters. The while loop
10022: This Python function checks whether the 'service' dictionary contains an entry with key as `“Instance Count”`. If it does, then returns sum
10023: This Python function converts an integer to its hexadecimal representation. It uses the builtin 'abs' and division/remainder functions
10024: If the value of 'goal' is less than ₹€‚, it returns that number. Otherwise nothing happens and continues with next
10025: If the number is one digit or less than four digits long. Otherwise return "middle" otherwise it's multidigit."
10026: This Python script checks whether the given path is an existing regular jpg or webP image and, in case of it being one either keeps its name
10027: If the current Python script is running on an OSX or Linux system with python 1.7+ then return true else false if not it will
10028: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between drying and non_spreading.  It's used to determine if there is any difference
10029: This Python script creates and returns an updated dictionary with the 'authorized' header information including Bearertoken as well Content type set to JSON format
10030: This Python function checks whether the first number is greater than or equal to second. If it's true, then returns square of both numbers and their
10031: This Python script parses the spike data from HALL's algorithm and organizes it into more manageable formats. It does so by creating
10032: This Python function reverses the sequence of actions taken to reach from initial 'goal' status back into its original form by following previous states and their
10033: This line of Python script converts centimeters to inches by dividing the input value with two and then multiplying it again, but multiplied
10034: The function checks whether the length of two resources are not equal. If they're unequal, it returns false; otherwise true or return None depending
10035: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10036: Returns true if the result of random number modulo operation is less than 'random fast' value. This can be used to simulate "coin flip"
10037: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each of these newline separated elements and
10038: This Python function takes two sets as input, finds the intersection of them and returns 3 new ones - one with elements that are present only once within
10039: This function checks if the string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it with its reverse version, which we get using slicing
10040: This function takes in the string 'single platform' and replaces all occurrences of x86/i3s with amd or arm respectively
10041: This list of tuples represents the positions and weights to be used when calculating an average value using the formula "weighted_average". The
10042: This function finds the minimum and maximum indices of elements that fall within two given thresholds. The frequency values are compared with these threshold to find out
10043: If the lengths of w1 and/or w2 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking each word in both lists one by another
10044: Creates an assertion that checks if the number of data point is greater or equal to zero. If not, it throws and asserts with error message
10045: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
10046: If the number of alignments equals 2, then check if there are any metadata present. Otherwise return false; otherwise true or specific error message depending
10047: This Python function is used to map the first letter of each word in an input string with its corresponding Morphological tag. If there's no
10048: This Python script reads all the content of each line from an input file and removes trailing whitespace. The result is then written to another outputfile
10049: This function returns the title and notes of an object, if they exist in dictionary format else it will give empty string as default value which is equivalent to
10050: Checks if the given string contains any of several tags. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on which tag(
10051: This python script calculates the value of val based on input parameters. It does so by subtracting 'wanted range min' from ‘current
10052: This function returns the value of an attribute with given 'weight' and its corresponding `module`. If no such attributes exist it will return none
10053: This is the SQL schema of an object called 'job' with 10 fields. The primary key field named id has been set to serial which
10054: This Python function checks whether two numbers are both even or not. If they're all either odd/even it returns the smallest one else return largest
10055: This Python script checks whether the first two lines of an input file are empty. If they're not, it returns true; otherwise false or another
10056: If the variable 'projectNameOption' isn’t set, return string value ‘“RAAD”. Otherwise it should just simply be returning
10057: This line of the function checks if all bits in an integer are set to one. It does so by creating and applying bitwise AND operation with '
10058: If the user has more than 10 permissions, return True and False otherwise. Else it should just be an empty dictionary {}. Code is
10059: This line of the Python script checks whether an input 'Value' can be either integer or float and returns it as such otherwise strips any leading/tra
10060: This function returns the value of 'clamped' which is between min and max. It uses Python’s built in "min" & maximum functions
10061: This Python function returns the list of logs where 'search string' is found. It uses List Comprehension to filter out only those lines that
10062: This Python script splits the input string of command line arguments into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries, ignoring any empty or invalid
10063: This Python script checks the first character of each string in an array, and returns false when it encounters "return", “format”,"mode
10064: This function calculates the value of an exponential decaying curve, which is commonly used in physics and engineering to describe phenomena that occur over time as they
10065: This function returns the string 'Hello' followed by whatever is passed as an argument.  It can be used to greet someone in different languages or ways
10066: This line of the C++ function returns an unsigned integer. The value is calculated by shifting bits to right and masking with three's complement representation
10067: This Python script removes all the special characters from inputted strings using builtin python functions and returns new cleaned version of it as output – one line
10068: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10069: This line of Python script creates the command to run minimap on paired end data using MinMap's pb format and stores it in variable '
10070: This function checks if the difference between max and min numbers is greater than one. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or None
10071: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10072: Checks if an object `has` the attribute named "URI" with value ending in "/CURIE".  If so returns True else False or
10073: If the 'New' dictionary has no items, return what it currently contains; otherwise compare and merge with existing one – else returns combined dictionaries
10074: This Python function takes an input of run length encoding and returns the corresponding decoded string by replacing each character with its respective number times it appears consecutively
10075: This function checks if the scheme of an IP address is one among four possible values.  It returns True when it finds that, and False otherwise -
10076: This Python function checks if two nodes in the tree have same compilation number, and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition using recursion with
10077: This function is an example of tail call optimization. It's used to optimize the execution time by avoiding repeated calculations and saving memory space, especially in
10078: This line of the given C# function checks whether either or both input strings are blank. If so, it throws an error exception with message "Version
10079: This python script calculates the difference between two dictionaries. The differences are calculated by subtracting values from corresponding keys in both dictionary pairs and storing them
10080: If the input 'factorial' isn’t an integer or floating point number return “Mamma mia”. Otherwise calculate and returns c
10081: This Python function calculates the total length of all values present within 'slot' map, which is essentially counting how many characters are there across each
10082: A function to calculate the area of an isosceles triangle using Heron's formula. 1/4 * sqrt(a^
10083: This is the formula to calculate distance between two points in 3D space. If it equals zero, then they are at same point or on one
10084: This function returns an error string in the format of 'Error From {}:{}.' where `<` and  `>` are placeholders.
10085: Code that parses command line arguments and uses DeDeLParser class from deepai library in Python 3, which is used as an interface with
10086: If the two tuples are equal in both dimensions and if either of their components is ‘zero’ OR they have same value then return true
10087: This function calculates the minimum number of states needed to reach or surpass an inputted value. The conditions are as follows; when 'min_
10088: A function that returns an empty dictionary with the sum of two numbers as expected result.  The input parameters are 'function name', and both arguments to
10089: This Python function takes as input two or more lists and returns the product along with an error if there are less than 3 elements. It raises "
10090: If the absolute difference between f and its rounded value is less than ‘epsilon’, then it returns that number; otherwise，it rounds off to
10091: This Python function returns the base resting membranes's electrical properties.  The output is in terms of mVolts and Megaohmic res
10092: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10093: This Python script flattens an arbitrarily nested list into one single, linearized level of depth using recursion and iteration combined with the append
10094: This function generates an HTML document with the given template. The generated text is then returned as string format in R language using '*' operator to concaten
10095: This function checks whether the string 'HLA' is present as part of any element within an input list. If it finds such, then returns true
10096: This Python function generates all the factors of an input number 'num'. It does so by iterating from ‘for’ to one more than given
10097: This Python function checks whether an object belongs to one of the three types or not. If it does belong in any type then return false else true
10098: This function checks if the given value is one of True/'false'/ 'False', ‘0’ or yes. It returns true when it
10099: This function returns the four bytes of an integer value in little endian order. The bits are divided into three groups and each group is represented by one
10100: Removes the first character of an input string.  It's used to remove any leading or trailing whitespace in Python strings, which is
10101: This function attempts to call the given arguments in order and returns their results if they are successful; otherwise it catches any exceptions that occur during execution of
10102: This Python function returns the value associated with 'key' in dictionary named `NameDict` or return default if key is not found else it will
10103: This Python function raises an error when the 'volume_id'/ and '/master/volumes/{}' are not provided as input parameters, otherwise it
10104: This line of the function calculates an exponentially decreasing value based on global step and decays rate. The result is multiplied by 'alpha'
10105: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an integer, which represents straight line distances
10106: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. The result is returned as the number itself in case of success and None if n isn't
10107: This Python function checks if the given number is in an arithmetic progression. It starts with 3 and adds one each time, until it reaches
10108: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been run through lower() method on each character of that String but
10109: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' inclusive. It uses mathematical formulae and is efficient in terms computation time complexity
10110: This function returns the string 'ST' followed by st and so ids.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in an automated process that
10111: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10112: This function takes an integer as input and returns the lower byte of that number. The result is calculated by bitwise AND operation with masking to get
10113: Returns the Google Cloud Resource Prefix. 1 line of Python function that returns ['Google cloud resource', 'Prefix'] as tuple in list format,
10114: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 'val' and returns true. If there is an error, it will return false as well
10115: This Python function checks the type of input and converts it to appropriate format. If value can be converted into integer or floating point number then returns that
10116: This Python script splits an IP address string into two lists based on whether it's IPvV or just the part of one type before colon is
10117: This function calculates the overlap percentage between two intervals. If there is no overlapping it returns 1% or zero if both start and end times
10118: This function calculates the viewing angle based on distance to an object. The formula is as follows, where 'circum' represents circle’s diameter
10119: This Python script is used to process sentences from the file named `filename` by removing double quotes if they exist at both ends of each sentence or only
10120: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed from three points. The formula used is derived directly, without any loops or conditional statements in it which
10121: This function raises an error if the inputs are not within valid ranges, which is necessary to prevent errors in calculations involving these variables and their dimensions/s
10122: This Python script checks the extension of files and returns their type based on its ending name, which is either plist xml db sqlitetxt m
10123: This line of the function calculates and returns v minus average value 'a' divided by difference between values b from variable.  It is used to
10124: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
10125: This function returns the result of two times n plus one. It's an example to show how functions work in Python programming language, where it takes
10126: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an input string, which is always 'name'. The split function splits that particular element
10127: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10128: This function returns an object with the ids of pull request and other details about it as per given parameters in JSON format – 'PR ID',
10129: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10130: This function takes an input 'None' or integer, and if the value exists it returns string with prefix __sub_. The size of that tag will
10131: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their sum. The first vector is represented by the tuple(vec[0], [...]), where each
10132: This line of the Python script returns an array with '-' and ',' as elements, followed by all items in glist separated using comma.
10133: If the current count is greater than optimal one then it checks whether there are any additional allowed counts. It deducts an allowance from them and
10134: This Python function tries to convert the input value into boolean type and if it fails due an exception then checks whether its data types are string or not;
10135: If the response JSON object contains an array of objects or dictionary with keys 'name' and/or ‘description’ then return its type. El
10136: This Python dictionary contains five groups of steps, each group containing an array with two elements - the name and foreach loop list respectively – which is used
10137: This function checks the type of input and raises an error message in case it's neither 'string', nor does start with either "'topic", ''
10138: This Python function is used to generate the required data structure. It takes two parameters, 'receivers' and ‘param values’ which are
10139: This Python function calculates the value of 'y' based on some input parameters. The formula is y = 0,4*(((3*(
10140: This line of the given Python script returns all unique elements in 'bid' fields.  It is used to ensure that there are no duplicate entries present
10141: This function calculates the value of an exponential decaying constant, which is used in various scientific and engineering applications such as in chemical reactions or thermodynam
10142: This function checks the type of input 'X' and returns it as an integer or floating point number depending on its value; otherwise return zero in all
10143: This function performs bitwise operations on the input 'num' to remove redundant information. The operation is done by shifting and masking, then combining
10144: This Python function opens the file specified by filename and attempts to read its content. If successful it returns that data in form of List object else an empty
10145: This Python script tries to read the file named nome and if it exists then closes that specific opened .txt or any other type of text files
10146: This function calculates the floor of k^1.6 divided by 8 and then converts it to an integer, which is equivalent in functionality
10147: This function returns the bands to be used in different satellite collections. It checks which specific type of sensor is being utilized and then provides appropriate band names accordingly
10148: This Python script calculates the percent of 'total' that is represented by each bit in binary representation and returns it as string with '%'. The result
10149: This line of the given Python script calculates an expression using modulo operation. The result is then used to index into another list, which results in
10150: This line of the Python script checks if both files exist within two dictionaries, then verifies that they have nonzero values. If so it returns
10151: This Python function calculates the number of ways to climb n staircase. It uses dynamic programming approach where it stores previously calculated results and reuses them
10152: This Python script calculates the variance of an array. It sums up all samples and their corresponding weights to get 'Total Variances'. Then it div
10153: If the 'None' value of `Slots` object, it raises error. Else checks whether there are no filters and returns question mark otherwise
10154: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10155: This Python function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'fact' is called with one argument, it returns that value; otherwise，
10156: This function returns the second element of p and subtracts it from twelve. It'll be used to create an array with two elements, where
10157: Changed the value of 'fullRecord' dictionary key named access and subkey status to embargo.  The new emabgorow state
10158: This function returns '>>' when the input is larger than 10, and it will return '-'. Otherwise. It checks whether an integer or
10159: This function calculates the product of all input variables. It takes 6 inputs, each representing one variable and returns their multiplication result as output which is
10160: This Python function calculates the number of ways to partition an array l into nonempty disjoint subsets. The length and contents are not important; only that
10161: This function checks whether two masks are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise return true after comparing each corresponding element of the
10162: This Python function uses regular expressions to match and extract the first three fields from an inputted 'string'. The pattern used here matches any number of characters
10163: This Python function converts an RGB vector to grayscale. It does so by shifting the bits of each color channel and then combining them into one
10164: This Python script checks the value of 'mod' and returns different strings based on its values. If it doesn’t match any known string, then
10165: This line of the script splits an input string into its constituent parts using "/" as separator, resulting in 'path' and '/',
10166: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
10167: This function checks if the point p lies on or in front of an edge defined by points b and c. The line segment from 'a' to
10168: This function returns the string 'worker' followed by whatever is passed as an argument.  It was created to be used in conjunction with other functions that
10169: This line of the given Python script is setting '&' to zero and then returning two values. The first value returned by function will be lower byte
10170: This function returns the number of gigabytes that can be stored in 'n' bytes. It does so by dividing n with its equivalent to
10171: If the least significant byte of 'val' is set, return -((~(-('a signed int')) + 3)) where ~() denotes bit
10172: This Python function takes an input string, `category` or list of categories and returns the same as it received but with some modifications based on its type
10173: This Python function generates the numbers that are less than or equal to 'n' and are divisible by any digit from leftmost nonzero digits
10174: This function takes two parameters - sr and an object named "About". It extract the number of subscribes from 'Subcriber' field in
10175: This line of the given Python function returns an elementwise multiplication result between two lists 'u' and ‘ v’. The elements at corresponding positions
10176: This line of the given Python script checks if 'name' is present as an element within list named "Main". If it isn’t, then
10177: This line of the program calculates and returns coordinates in 1D space. The modulo operation is used to determine which cell within an array we
10178: This script checks if the class of an object is present among certain sets. If it's found, returns that title; otherwise return 'None'.
10179: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10180: This SAS URL is generated using the provided account name, container and blob names along with an access token to authorize read/write operations on
10181: This line of Python script converts the input into set to remove duplicates. It then returns it as List type in python 3, which is
10182: This Python script sorts the given 'Populations' list based on their rank values and returns them along with original populations as output of function call from another
10183: This Python script checks the first part of each file' paths to determine its category based on their structure in relation with other directories and files within Firefox source
10184: This Python function calculates the polynomial regression model using given coefficients and data points. It starts with last coefficient which is used to predict next point of y
10185: This line of the program calculates and returns beats per minute in given time. It takes into account onset, which is when an event starts
10186: This function checks if all elements of the first list are present as keys within another dictionary. If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
10187: This line of the given Python script returns minimum length among all lists in matrix. It uses list comprehension to flatten out each sublists and then
10188: This function returns True if the string starts with '.' character, False otherwise in Python programming language – Code snippet provided by user10
10189: This function takes the fully qualified class name as input and returns it if its length is less than 3 characters. If not then return only three letters
10190: This function compares the minimum and maximum values of two 3D points in one line. It returns True if min(z value from first point
10191: This function checks if the given index is present at its first occurrence or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition using Python's
10192: This line of the Python script checks whether 'str_wpid' starts with "WN" followed by two or more digits. If it
10193: This Python function returns an XML string with the MR data in it, which is essentially just some JSON formatted text wrapped inside of tags that represent different types
10194: This function takes in three parameters, checks which ones are present and appends them to the list 'Result'. If none of these variables have been set
10195: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'vH' is less than 0 or greater than one, and adjusts it accordingly. If
10196: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10197: Writes the index of last occurrence in physical lines that contain carriage return characters, otherwise it returns 'None'.  It also checks whether there are any
10198: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10199: This Python function takes two strings, converts them to floats and then returns the average of their values after adding ‘+/’ . The
10200: This Python script calculates the number of batches required to process nb_sample data points, given that each sample is processed in one iteration
10201: This Python function checks whether the input is an iterable and each element has string datatype. If it's false then raises error "invalid
10202: This line of the given python script is returning all elements from index 'i' to end, which are not included in it and hence removing them as
10203: A SQL statement that selects all records from the specified database. 4 WHERE clauses are used to filter out unwanted data in each step of selection
10204: This Python script sorts the given five test results in ascending order and then returns their average.  The function takes as input two numbers representing each of
10205: If the user's lag or minimum links are different from their status, return true; otherwise false/return null – Code explanation : This function
10206: If the user interface language ('ui lang') equals 'English', it checks whether there's any JSON data in English. Otherwise, returns default to
10207: Loops over each directory and file within the given 'directory' using Python. It splits paths into individual components by slash ('/'), then
10208: This program checks the type of an inputted string and returns different values based on that information; it does so by checking which specific value is assigned to
10209: This Python function returns the value of one variable based on another. If both variables are zero, it will return 'one'. Else where only either
10210: If the input 'Value' isn’t provided as an argument in function call then return empty string. Else check whether it has more than one
10211: This Python function calculates the total of all elements multiplied by their corresponding distribution dictionary values, then sums them up to give an overall score based on
10212: This Python script calculates the total of all values within an inputted 3x4 matrix. The result is then printed out to console using print
10213: This line of the script is splitting filename by its extension and then returning first part.  It's doing exactly what it was supposed to do but
10214: Checks the metadata of each notebook and returns true/false based on whether it contains solution, tags or neither.  If there is no '
10215: This line of the program calculates and stores MJD from an input date.  The result is then used to calculate Julian day number,
10216: If the project is 'CSIRO ALS', return string nagim, else just returns input.  This function will be used to filter
10217: This Python function calculates the Catalangian number using recursion. The formula is based on mathematical induction and it's used to calculate binom
10218: This Python function takes an integer input and returns the list of its individual digit in reverse order using while loop structure, without any builtin functions or libraries
10219: This function calculates the total number of seconds in two given numbers representing an hour. The first parameter is multiplied by six times and then doubled
10220: This line of Python script converts the input string into an array where each character is converted to its ASCII integer value.  It then returns that
10221: This function returns the base name of path, which is essentially just what you would call it on in Python's file handling system to get filename from
10222: This Python function calculates the binomial coefficient. It raises an error when given negative numbers and values out of its valid domain (-inf to inf
10223: This function takes in two parameters, 'n' and the string to be padded. If length of input is greater than or equal with specified padding
10224: This function converts the given number of seconds into hours, minutes and/or just secounds. If there are more than one unit to represent then
10225: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to n. It uses bitwise shift operation which is faster than multiplication and addition in most
10226: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10227: Returns the first part of 'text' up to its length, but if it is longer than max_length=30 characters then returns only three
10228: Copies the values from one dictionary to another and returns it as new Dictionary object with sum of each key's value pair if present else zeroes
10229: This Python function calculates the product of all elements and returns it. The variable 'trunc' is used to store last digit before multiplication, which
10230: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).
10231: This function converts an integer into string, and if the length of that number is 4 it returns 'xxx' otherwise return just xxx.
10232: Builds the configuration dictionary. This function takes three parameters - input names and concatenation axis."  Code should be able to handle any number of
10233: This function returns the remainder of multiplication between two numbers. It's used to ensure that result is within range [0,1] by taking mod
10234: This Python function converts the input dictionary into an output one. If there are duplicate keys present it raises exception with error message 'duplicated'
10235: This line of Python script calculates the difference between each element in list 'y' and corresponding elements from another array/list, then sums up all
10236: This Python function splits the given string into hours/minutes and seconds parts based on 'P' or minutes ('T') separator; if
10237: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters, which is not very clear and it's hard to understand what each part
10238: This function returns the path to an instance of $app in Google Cloud Platform.  The project id and base name are passed as parameters, which should
10239: This script filters out the version numbers of python from given list, sorts them into ascending order without any duplicates then returns middle one which is not
10240: This Python function creates an adjacency matrix from the given graph represented as dictionary of dictionaries where keys are nodes and values represent connections to other connected
10241: This line of Python script creates an empty list, where each element is another tuple containing three zeros. The number 'n' represents the total segments
10242: This Python function checks the 'access level' and returns true or false based on whether it is public, private with an authentication requirement. If neither of
10243: This Python function calculates the heat conductivity of water based on its Temperature in Celsuis, using an equation that is specific to Water
10244: This Python script creates an 3 byte integer from two bytes. The first and last bits of the input are shifted to create space in between, then
10245: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10246: This line of Python script returns the value at index 1 from each list within 'dataset'. It's essentially taking every second element. If there
10247: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not, then it removes single quotes/double quotation marks from both ends of that text before
10248: This Python function checks if the given number is power of two. It does so by checking whether or not it's less than twice to its maximum
10249: This Python script creates an empty variable "reversed" and then iterates over the inputted 'str' object. It appends each new
10250: This Python script uses regular expressions to count the number of occurrences per element name found within 'composition'. The results are stored as dictionary where
10251: This function checks if the status of command set results are all 1's. If they aren’t, it returns false; otherwise true and
10252: This Python function converts an integer into its corresponding ASCII character. The input is the number of times to repeat subtraction operation in order from right
10253: If the argument is equal to 'arg', return true, otherwise false.  Code snippet used in function definition and usage of it as an
10254: This Python script calculates the sum of two numbers, x and y. The result is stored in variable 'num'.  It uses bitwise AND
10255: This function checks whether the number is not equal to 2, or it's close enough (-epsilon in Python). If both conditions are true then
10256: If the input is less than or equal to 0, it returns False. Otherwise -> True; otherwise end of function body with an expression that
10257: This function converts the input configuration to its boolean equivalent. If it is either 'True', ‘False’, then returns True/ False respectively
10258: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'melds' and adds to it only those groups of cards that are disjoint
10259: This line of Python script calculates the total retirement contributions from two different sources. The variables 'eXXX' are assumed to be defined elsewhere in
10260: This function takes in one string and returns that same input with an underscore appended to the end.  It's used as part of some
10261: If the 'Right' variable is zero, it returns all elements from index left + 1 to end of sequence. Else return slice starting at position
10262: Returns the country of origin from an array named 'wp\_lookup' using its value as key. If not found, returns string US by default
10263: This script checks the syntax of an input string. It uses two stacks to keep track and check whether parentheses are balanced or not by checking
10264: This line of the Python function checks if an integer is nonnegative, then whether or not it's greater than 1/4^(n
10265: If the width of an input is "-", it returns its original value, otherwise subtracts by how much longer that string was than what'd
10266: This function returns the appropriate OpenCL BLAS ordering based on input string.  It handles different types of inputs and provides default behavior when an unrecogn
10267: This function returns the URL of an NHL game report in HTML format, given its season and number within that year's games list as input parameters
10268: This Python script is used to perform wind and topology optimization in the context of an energy system model using Monte Carlo simulations with different parameters set at random values
10269: This Python function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is equal to one, it returns "One!" and otherwise comput
10270: This line of the script replaces ".cs" with "" in filenames, effectively removing any extension from them and leaving only their base name as
10271: If the ratio is 0, it returns multiplication of two numbers. Else calculates and then multiplies with one minus that calculated value to get
10272: This function is used as part of the configuration loader and fallback mechanism when certain configurations are missing from both yamls or other sources that it can
10273: If the input is not empty, convert first character to upper case and remaining part of it remains unchanged.  Otherwise do nothing or raise an error depending
10274: This Python script calculates the total of all elements present within an input list. The result is then printed out to console using print function, which sums
10275: This function takes an input string, removes the first character and joins all other characters together. It's used to reverse engineer some parts of strings in
10276: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
10277: This Python script calculates the maximum length of sequences present within an input list. The variable 'len' is used to calculate each sequence and then it
10278: A dictionary is created to store the parameters of an algorithm.  The keys are parameter names and values represent their respective types or formats in Python programming language
10279: A dictionary to map integer numbers into tokens, and vice versa. Used in the context of natural language processing tasks such as tokenization or parsing
10280: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named "Names of A Matrix". It then iterates over each item 'db' and assigns the value to
10281: This line of the Python script returns an edge in JSON format. The source and target IDs are passed as parameters to create one such object, which
10282: Checks if the error message in log file is related to server's response. If yes then returns true else false or any other value based on
10283: This line of Python script checks if every element from list 'A' is present as an exact match with any elements within the same index position and case
10284: This Python script returns the flattened list by using nested loops. It iterates over each element of 'lst' and then again, it
10285: "Split the repository URL into its components"  CodeType::Function   Language used:"Rust"}`;```    } else { return
10286: This line of the Python script returns an API endpoint URL. The string is formatted with host and "/apidropcache".  It's used
10287: This function takes in the name of an artist, and returns that same string with all dashes replaced by underscores only if it's not
10288: This Python function calculates the average value of an array. It initializes two variables, `min` and 'total', to negative infinity ('negative
10289: A dictionary is created to store the count of each digit from 1 upto 'N'. The function returns that dict. N=9, it
10290: This Python function returns an object with certain properties. The source is 'wsyytpop', the telephone number and password are provided as input parameters;
10291: This Python function divides the input list into smaller lists of equal size specified by 'Chunk Size'. The output is an array containing these sublists
10292: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns rounded value by dividing weight in kilograms with another number which is then returned as result
10293: This Python function checks the value of 'P' and returns different values based on its content, with specific conditions being met at certain points in time using
10294: This line checks whether the given command starts with "-l" option, followed by either "--lpython", which is used to indicate Python interpreter
10295: Attempts reading from the specified filename using 'open' and returns its content if successful; otherwise it handles system errors by printing an error message or
10296: Counts the number of passed and failing tests along with their percentage. The function returns three values which are all calculated within one line as per problem statement
10297: This Python function checks whether the input is negative. If it's not, then returns its original form; otherwise calculates and return an appropriate bit
10298: This function calculates the total of all elements within an nxn grid. It uses nested list comprehension to iteratively calculate and add up each
10299: This Python script calculates the square root of i*powered by 1/4 using builtin function in python's 'math'. The
10300: This Python function filters out events that are not answered or have already ended, then returns the remaining ones as dictionary with their keys being same ids from
10301: This function merges two dictionaries recursively into one dictionary by copying the first nonempty value from each input pair of keys/values that are present
10302: This line of the Python function checks if 'position' is within range [read_start, ‘+’ length(of array/list)]
10303: This function is used to filter the list of network's 'connections'. It returns only those entries where either ‘neurons’ are
10304: This line of the given C++ program is setting 'frames' to 64 and then dividing it by another number, which in our case
10305: This Python script calculates the total number of characters present on each line/row. It does so by iterating over all rows and cells within those
10306: If the 'Theme' is found within list of available themed, return it. Else print warning message and use default one from second item on
10307: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns two other list. The first one is the path of images in order to be displayed on screen;
10308: This Python function sorts the input sequence by length in descending order. It then further sort it based on value of second element if lengths are equal and
10309: Generated the list of keys from 'DesireResponseItems' and stored them into dictionary named as per requirement.  Also, created another key set
10310: This function checks whether the string 'name' contains substring “TR”. If it does, returns an additional prefix of tr_one else
10311: This Python function calculates the size of an object based on its value and range. It uses linear interpolation to calculate it, with values being normalized
10312: No model was trained, so no metrics were calculated to compare the performance of different models on an unseen dataset with zero values in all parameters and features
10313: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10314: This function calculates the Manhattan distance between two tiles in an 8x4 grid. It takes as input both coordinates of each pair, and
10315: This function calculates the output of an amplifier circuit with parameters x, alpha and delta as input variables which are all real numbers except that it uses some
10316: "A function that conversts the given amount of heating power in British thermal units per hour into kilowatt hours."
10317: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
10318: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it contains specific keywords related with enterprise, community etc., based on their presence returns
10319: This function returns the minimum of two numbers, 'v' and either or both are equal to one number. If not all conditions met then it will
10320: This Python script calculates the amount of prime factors in an integer, starting from its square root and going up to one if it is not divisible
10321: If the input 'D' is 0, return value of variable "v_zero". Else check whether D equals to one or two.
10322: If pressure difference is greater than the output pressures then calculate compression effort. Otherwise do nothing or whatever else it's supposed to be doing in that
10323: This Python script creates an associative array or dictionary that maps each nucleotide to its corresponding number. It then uses list comprehension and the `
10324: This Python function calculates the total amount of heat generated by an object with given dimensions and density. The formula is derived from thermodynamics, where
10325: If the absolute difference between two values is less than or equal to ‘epsilon’, return true; otherwise false。 This function checks whether they are
10326: This Python function returns the coordinates of some points based on an input value 'sys'. If sys is greater than or equal to '-', it will return
10327: Replaces all occurrences of three consecutive dots with four underscores in the given string.  The function returns modified version as output from Python
10328: This Python script reverses the string "r" and also removes any "-". It keeps track of whether it has encountered minus sign or already removed.
10329: This function takes in the string "name" and returns its plural form if it ends with one of certain suffix, else singular forms are returned based on
10330: This function checks whether the input is divisible by three, five and seven. If it's true then returns 'pling', or multiple of these
10331: This function checks if the given time range is valid. It returns True when both conditions are met, otherwise it will throw an error message indicating that either
10332: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10333: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
10334: This function returns the base URL of FNAC API based on whether it's in SandBox mode or not, which is either 'true'/
10335: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10336: This function takes in an iterable of lists and returns their concatenation as one long sorted, unique array using the chaining operation from Python's
10337: This function takes as input an array of lists, and returns another list with only the elements that are present at least once within each sublist/sub
10338: This Python function takes two arguments Z and returns three results. The first result is the product of an imaginary part from each argument with its own negative image
10339: A variable named 'url' is created with the value of http:/%s. The port number %d in URL format and '/management'.
10340: This Python function randomly reorders the elements of an array by swapping random pairs from two different lists within one list only once per run and then returning
10341: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the keys of 'StateDict' object, replaces all occurrences with model
10342: This Python function checks the value of 's', then calculates and returns an integer based on some conditions. The condition is that it should return i
10343: This Python function takes the total time in seconds as input and returns it broken down into hours minutes & second. The result is returned by value of tuple
10344: Checks if two strings are anagrams. If so, returns true; otherwise false in Python 3+ using builtin functions and list comprehens
10345: This Python function converts all `None` values to empty strings and other non list/tuple types into their string representations. It also keeps the
10346: This Python function checks whether the given 'array' and integer are valid. If they aren’t it raises appropriate error messages otherwise returns true or false
10347: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string, but only when `indentation` is greater than 1. If it's not
10348: This function calculates the amount of money to be invested in an investment based on two parameters, 'de' and "dv". The result is
10349: This Python function checks whether γ(θ), where 'γ' and "theta" can be any real numbers. It returns an error message
10350: This Python function returns the required dictionary format. The returned object has 'Type', time, location and altitude information of an aircraft in terms that can
10351: This function calculates the value of level^(3/4)*10. It's an example to demonstrate how power operator works in Python
10352: This line of Python function returns True if the input 'set' is empty, otherwise it will always be False. It checks whether all elements in an
10353: This Python function calculates the value of π*eps*(sigma/rdistance). The result is then multiplied by an expression that involves two
10354: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation defined by two points. The formula is derived from basic algebra and geometry, but it's very
10355: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10356: This Python script counts the number of records that have specific key/value pairs within an inputted 'MyList' object, and returns it as output
10357: This Python function replaces certain special characters in the given text with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by some browsers or other
10358: This line of the given Python script converts seconds and nanosecond to millisecond by multiplying them together, then divides it with another value
10359: This Python function creates an auxiliary dictionary where the keys are strings and values represent dictionaries. The purpose of creating these nested structures is to count occurre
10360: "A function that takes in two parameters, an array of numbers or letters as input"  -> Function name is 'strip_and'
10361: This Python script reads three integers from the first 3 lines of an input file and returns them as separate variables in tuple format - 'return' statement
10362: This line of Python script creates an exact copy/duplicate version or the given 'table' without any key specified in it to be omitted, i
10363: This Python function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It counts the number and types occurrences per character from both input string
10364: This function calculates the value of an equation based on parameters 'p', and returns it as one line output, which is equivalent to calculating "(
10365: This line of the given Python script is creating an integer variable named "mask" that contains “n” bits, where each bit represents one digit
10366: This Python function takes as input the keys of nested dictionary and returns their corresponding values. It uses 'd' to denote current level, it iterates
10367: This Python script splits the input string by "." and creates an array of modules names from it using enumeration function to get indices which are used
10368: This function calculates the speed of sound in air given its BPM. If it receives an input less than or equal to zero, then returns '
10369: This Python script converts all uppercase letters to lower case. It does so by adding 16 units of ASCII value and converting it back
10370: Find the position of '-' in string and convert first part to integer. If not found then return error message "Error" else continue with parsing
10371: This Python function calculates the mean of an input list by subtracting minimum float number from each element and then dividing it with length. The result
10372: This script is creating an empty dictionary and populating it with data from two lists. The first list contains the unique IDs, while each of these
10373: This Python function checks the value of 'classification' and returns true or false based on its type. It uses an elif statement to check each possible
10374: This Python function is used to generate the name of an output file based on whether or not retweet information should be included. If it'll return
10375: Checks if the string "line contains 'kt' or name'. If so, returns true. Otherwise false/nullable bool value is returned based
10376: This line of Python script generates an image link using the filename provided. The alt attribute is set to 'image' and it formats with brackets containing
10377: This Python function checks the 'Type' of course and returns an appropriate string. If it doesn’t recognize any, then raises error with invalid input
10378: This function checks the value of 'i' and returns false or true based on certain conditions. If none match it will return "True". The specific
10379: If the name of an object is found within its own namespace, return that. Otherwise fall back to returning filename from 'package'.  This function will
10380: This function returns two elements, TIME and SOURCE. The time is the current date/time in string format while source indicates where it was
10381: If the language is 'lang' equals to zhangdong, return Chinese. Otherwise just keep it as given in input – ie.,
10382: Returns the number of objects that match an object id. If there is only one, returns 0; otherwise it will return all matching objs from
10383: This Python function checks whether the keys ' run id ', ‘ flow cell ID, and laneID' are present within an input dictionary. If they
10384: This Python function copies the input `list` and then creates an indexed version where it only keeps one occurrence per element from that original copy/input
10385: This Python function calculates the value of E to be approximately equal, or very close in terms on decimal places and returns it as an output from its
10386: This script checks whether the given file or directory starts with '/'. If it does, then normalizes and returns only part of its name after removing leading
10387: This Python function checks whether the absolute difference between two numbers is less than or equal to some threshold. If it's greater, then return false;
10388: Checkea que o dicionário de tipos da variabele é válido e valida pelo seguinte crité
10389: This function takes in the current directory and returns its parent's name, or an empty string when it is at root level of filesystem tree structure i
10390: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10391: If the version of BIRD is 0.93 or later, it uses 'ip' command instead; otherwise use standard prefixes like
10392: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer result by performing modulo operation on summation(`+' operator between two variables
10393: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10394: This Python script creates an HTTP request string. If the 'address' and ‘port’ are provided, it will add them to form part of
10395: This Python function checks the number of days per each given inputted value. The values are based on months and their respective day counts as follows - January
10396: This Python function checks the given 'day' and returns its ordinal number as string. For example if input is `4` it will return output
10397: This Python function converts the string input to lowercase if it is equal with either of two predefined strings, else raises an error message stating
10398: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum values of two boxes. The first dimension is determined by comparing 'max' between each pair in both lists
10399: Checks whether the variable 'x' is function and, If it’s true then calls that Function. Else returns value of Variables/
10400: This script is used to perform the alignment of sequences using BowTIE and MFOLD tools. The input files are stored in specific directories, while
10401: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is zero, it returns one as per mathematical definition that factoriaL
10402: This function checks whether the input is less than or equal to $$$$. If it's not, then subtract and return half of that
10403: This Python dictionary is used to store the different levels of quality in terms on grain size and their corresponding values are assigned based upon these qualitative factors which
10404: This Python function calculates the value of two parameters based on three given inputs. The first parameter is calculated as n*(((px)/q)*
10405: This command is used to create an Azure Load Balancer" ```   # noqa E9601, WPS34
10406: This function checks if the values of all parameters are either 'True' or ‘false’ and replaces them with their corresponding boolean value, otherwise
10407: This line of the Python script checks if 'user_input' is one or two, and returns True only when it matches with any value from ['
10408: This line of the Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two nodes in 3D space. The function takes as input coordinates, which
10409: This Python function takes two lists of points and returns pairs from the first list that are paired with corresponding elements form second. The number 'n' is
10410: This python script finds the longest substring without repeating characters. It uses dictionary to keep track of character indices and sliding windows approach is used here which keeps
10411: This Python function converts all dictionary values to strings if they are not functions or lists and leaves them as it stands otherwise by using the builtin `
10412: This script is used to parse the output of an application and extracts all lines that contain "[FAIL]" from it, then returns these as list
10413: This Python script creates an array of dictionaries from the input data where each dictionary represents one taxonomic lineages and contains information about its depth level
10414: If the input 'None' object, return nothing; else just output its attribute "Value".  This function will be used to get an item from
10415: If the values of 'x' and/or "y" are equal, return value is set to be either five or four. Otherwise it will
10416: This script is used to modify the parameters of an input form based on certain conditions, specifically those that end with "checkBox". The modified parameter names
10417: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, return an empty list. Else it should simply be returned as output of function in Python programming
10418: Defines the reaction class. 	Type of Reaction Class is determined by its name and can be used to create instances in reactions module or anywhere
10419: This python script is an infinite loop that keeps adding the product of 'base' and its incremental counter to itself until it reaches length equal with input
10420: If the function is called without any arguments or keyword parameters it will return an empty string otherwise print its name followed by parentheses with optional argument/
10421: This Python function takes as input an integer list and returns the same integers but without any duplicates at its end of sequence if it is not empty;
10422: If the given 'version' variable does not exist, return an empty string. Else check whether it contains word “HighBank” and
10423: This line of Python script calculates the reciprocal or inverse square root. It returns one divided by an input value squared, which is equivalent
10424: This line of the script splits an input file name into its extension and then appends '.nc' to it, resulting in new filename with .
10425: A function that takes an input string and list of pairs to replace. It returns the modified version with replaced values from pairwise replacement if found else it
10426: This Python function uses binary searching to find the maximum number of entries that can be selected in an array. The while loop continues as long there is enough
10427: This Python script is used to strip leading and trailing text from the string 'tempStr', split it into separate values at each occurrence of leadIn
10428: This line of the Python script is creating two variables, 'policy' and ‘return’. The first variable holds an input from dictionary called `
10429: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with items from the first dict that are also present as keys/values pairs only on second one
10430: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10431: Check if the two boxes overlap. If they do not then return False else True  Code is checking whether one rectangle's minimum and maximum coordinates are
10432: This Python function calculates the Hammings distance between two sequences. It checks whether both strings are equally long, and raises an error otherwise by raising
10433: This function checks whether an object's type and content. If the input 'object', it returns zero when its length equals to one; otherwise return
10434: This Python script splits the output of an external command into lines and then filters out any empty or whitespace strings from each line before returning them as
10435: This Python function splits the input string into lines, then joins them back together with HTML tags to create an unordered list of formatted 'div'
10436: If the 'previous' value is zero, return current as it means that we are starting from scratch and hence no change in percentage can be calculated yet
10437: If the string starts with "-", replace "_" to hyphen, otherwise add two dashes before it and return as is  Code snippet
10438: This function returns the necessary headers and information to allow CORS. It also sets HTTP response codes as per input parameters in 'return' statement of Python
10439: Code returns True if the first argument is greater than or equal to second. If not, it will print an error message and stop execution of program with
10440: This Python script uses regular expressions to remove all non alphanumeric characters, underscores and periods from the inputted text/string using '
10441: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10442: This Python function checks the input value and returns an output based on it. If 'in' is one of three specific values, then return as per
10443: If the 'None' condition, it returns false. Else check whether length of list/array equals zero and return true or not; else iter
10444: This function takes three strings as input, checks the length of each string to be 3 characters long. If not it returns an empty list else filters
10445: Code snippet that calculates the distance between two points on an ellipsis.  The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic trig
10446: This function takes two arguments, both of which are expected to be either integers or floats. It returns the summation result as an object with properties
10447: This Python script checks the value of 'number' and returns different strings based on its values. If it doesn’t match any case, then return
10448: This Python function takes as input the label of nodes and returns an empty dictionary if no labels are provided; otherwise it splits each key/value pairs
10449: This Python function flattens an input list by creating another one with all elements of the original, but without using any builtin functions or methods that
10450: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
10451: If the input parameter "value" isn't provided, it will return an empty list; otherwise split and store in variable 'result'.  In
10452: This function calculates the hue of an RGB value based on its maximum and minimum values, with some special cases to handle specific ranges in red green
10453: This Python script creates an array of tuples where each tuple contains the magnitude and index from original list sorted by their indices value descendingly."
10454: This line of Python script returns the last part from repository name using split and indexing methods in python language, which is equivalent to getting just file/
10455: This line of Python script multiplies two strings. The result is stored in the variable 'str3'.  It's important to note that if
10456: This Python function calculates the average of redemption and cost per trading pair, given that it'll be multiplied by half to get an overall
10457: If the input string 'hash' does nothing, it will return SHA 1/SHAHASH as default; else check whether there exists ':
10458: This Python function checks whether an input value 'is_float' falls within ‘Float’ domain or it raises appropriate error messages in case of incorrect
10459: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10460: This function checks whether the input 'name' parameter belongs to constants module and returns corresponding value from that constant based on its uppercase version of itself in
10461: Checks if the two given numbers are in ascending order. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false  - one line function that
10462: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over each URL from the 'all links' collection and adds it to our newly created "New L
10463: This line of the given Python function returns an HTML string with two newline characters. The message passed to it is appended as part one, and
10464: This Python script calculates the average of each key'd value from an input dictionary and stores it into another output one with same keys but different values
10465: This function returns the method and its associated minimum/ maximum frequencies.  It is used in data analysis tasks where we need information about methods, their respective
10466: This Python script checks if the given string matches with an eMail address using regular expression and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is valid/
10467: This Python function calculates the weight of each element based on its position and frequency. The weights are calculated by dividing every time step's total
10468: This Python function calculates the value of 'return' based on given parameters and formula, but it is not clear what exactly does in each step or
10469: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10470: This Python function takes an string as its parameter and separates the name part from number parts. It returns two strings - one with digits at end
10471: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to n. It uses an arithmetic series formula, which is more efficient than calculating it manually
10472: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10473: If the population of Region one is greater than that in another area then it returns data from there. Otherwise return some default value or message to indicate rare
10474: This function calculates the factorial of an inputted value. If it's less than zero, then raises and errors message "Factorial is
10475: This Python function adds the first element of list 'p' to second and then divides by some number x. The result is returned as output from
10476: This function checks whether the request is using WebSocket or not. If it's, then returns true; otherwise false will be returned indicating that connection
10477: 返回一个空字典和错误消息。如果指定了地址，则使用这些值；否则检查插件是否连接到N
10478: This function calculates the maximum possible value that can be obtained by flipping an integer of size. The result is calculated as ((2^n)-
10479: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
10480: If either of the lists is empty, it returns false. Otherwise checks which one has more elements than others; then iterates over each element from that
10481: This function returns the name of one data types.  It is used to identify what kind or datatype an input parameter should be expected as per
10482: This Python script generates the desired output by using list comprehension to iteratively access each key and its corresponding values from 'datdict' dictionary. The
10483: If the field exists, return its value. Else use another one based on IP version – IPv[direction]address or not [if it
10484: This function checks if the given 3D coordinates are within or on one of two rectangular planes defined by their minimum, maximum points. The first plane
10485: This line of the given Python script converts an integer into its binary representation. The function takes two parameters, 'bin_arr' and n which
10486: Opens the file in binary mode with read into an array of bytes named "elffile". If it's not found then returns false;
10487: This function checks if the input variables are of integer types. If they're all within valid ranges, it returns 'True', otherwise -> "
10488: This Python function replaces certain special characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers or other software,
10489: This function returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of two bounding boxes. The result is another pair, where each coordinate represents [min_x;max
10490: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of all even numbers in that range. 0 is considered to be both odd &even;
10491: This Python function merges overlapping intervals and returns the result as an array of tuples, sorted by start time if they overlap at all else
10492: This line of Python script is splitting the string "element" by '}' and then returning only last part, which can be considered as an identifier in
10493: This function takes in the name as an argument and returns string 'Hello, {}.'. format() is used to insert variable into strings.  The
10494: This script is used to filter out the latest version of python from list, and return 3 most recent versions excluding first & last one as per
10495: This function calculates the minimum distance between two points on an infinite grid. The parameters are "x" and/or “y” depending upon
10496: This Python function calculates the size of an object by increasing its original width with some factor and then clamping it to 16 if necessary
10497: This Python function converts every second character of the input string to its corresponding case. If an index is odd it'll convert that char into Upper
10498: A function that returns an empty dictionary with one key and value. The only thing it does is to have the name of its file as string in output
10499: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
10500: This Python script is used to modify the data from one file into another based on certain conditions specified by user input and then write it back out as per
10501: This function checks if the first character of string is either space, newline or tab. If it's one these characters then returns substring from
10502: This Python script splits each string of MIDI notes into individual note values and returns them as lists within another list, which is then returned by
10503: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it was shifted by five letters. It does so using ASCII values of
10504: This Python script is searching through the provided dictionary and returns its value if it finds an entry with given 'Search Key'. If not present then raises error
10505: This script sorts the elements of two vectors and compares their first element. If they are in ascending order, it calculates difference between last sorted
10506: This function returns different strings based on the input 'age'. It's an example of conditional logic in Python. The conditions are checked from top to
10507: This line of Python script creates and returns an array that is the resultant summation operation between each element 'corner' from list "newC
10508: This function checks if the value of 'val' exists, returns True only when it does. Otherwise False or an empty string are returned as per requirement
10509: This Python script takes the absolute path of an inputted filename and returns only its base/filename part without extension using list slicing in python 3
10510: This Python script calculates the mean of an array with weights. It sums up all scores multiplied by their frequencies, then divides that resultant
10511: This line of the given Python script returns all repositories that do not have names 'template' or '.git', which are commonly used as template files
10512: This function checks the dictionary and raises an error when it is neither of these two types. It also handles different ranges, lists etc., based on what
10513: This Python function returns 'y' when the input is ‘a’ equals to zero, otherwise it multiplies two values and adds them together.
10514: This line of the Python function returns an inputted String enclosed in double quotes.  It's used to format output strings that may contain spaces
10515: This Python script is used to find and replace files in the current directory with new names. The file extensions are defined as .[three letter codes]
10516: This Python script reads the content of an existing text document. If no such files exists it prints out that error message and returns empty string instead to avoid
10517: This Python script returns the same result as your original one, but uses list comprehension instead of using traditional looping constructs. It'll flat
10518: This Python function calculates the name of an item based on its percentage value. If it's greater than or equal to 0 and less then
10519: This Python function returns the list of tuples where each tuple contains an index and its corresponding RGB value. The colors are normalized to be between zero
10520: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. It uses looping to calculate and returns 0 if given zero or negative
10521: This function checks whether the input is within valid range. If not it clamps to either end of that limit and then shifts right by eight bits before
10522: If the input 'key' has only one element in its form of tuples. Then return that single value from it else do nothing or raise
10523: This line of the given Python function adds two numbers together and then returns their bitwise AND operation with an integer constant. The result is returned as hex
10524: This function returns the size of file at given path in bytes using builtin Python module 'os' and method "getsiz" from it."
10525: This Python script creates an empty list and adds elements to it using the 'add' method, then checks if that resulting collection is nonempty by comparing
10526: Cheks the validity of OGRN number. If it's valid returns True otherwise false and also handles different lengths with correct length modulo operation
10527: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on ':', and then further separates them by '.'; it returns these as separate lists
10528: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'x', splitting each string into its constituent parts and adding them to d
10529: This function checks if the given string is in correct format of an IP address. It splits it into its components and then compares their lengths to
10530: Returns the "vrn" usagess from an object called 'analysis'.  This is likely to be used in conjunction with other functions that process
10531: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10532: This function returns the unique strings in each sublist of 'LB' that are also present within another set, ie., it filters out all
10533: If the input 'value', convert it to string, check whether its initial character ('str') or digit (-), return false otherwise continue with next line
10534: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10535: If the length of 'CODE' is less than 3, return it as given. Otherwise add an ellipsis to make its size upto
10536: This function returns the length of input string. If it's either 'eleven', or exactly ten characters long and contains only numbers from one to
10537: This line checks if the first word of each message is "return" and whether it's followed by 'not'. If so -> True;
10538: This function checks the input 'inst' and returns either “article” or an empty string based on its content, but only when it is of
10539: This Python function checks if the input number is positive and returns how many binary digits are required to store that value. It uses bitwise operations in
10540: This Python script splits the input string by "<-" and returns two values separated with commas in each case where it is possible to split them
10541: This Python function checks whether the string contains an hyphen (-). If it does, removes one character from that end. Otherwise adds another ('plus')
10542: This function converts non string inputs to strings. It does so by checking the type of input and converting it into one using Python's built in
10543: This function returns the maximum of two values. If one value is greater than another by more then 10% it will be clamped to that
10544: This Python function converts all uppercase letters to lower case and underscoes between each letter, but the first character remains as is if it'
10545: This line of Python script is using list comprehension to flatten the nested lists. It'll iteratively go through each sublist within 'main
10546: This Python function checks the value of 'bool' based on its textual representation. If it is yes or true, returns `True`; otherwise
10547: This function adds two integers together. It checks whether the inputs are valid integer values between – and . The program raises an error otherwise with appropriate message
10548: This function checks if the given 3x10 grid is solvable. A "solveable" path exists when there are exactly four cells
10549: This function calculates the area of an object in pixels, given its size and field Of View(fov). The formula is based on pixel per
10550: This function converts the value in dero to its equivalent integer representation, which is then rounded down. The resultant number will be multiplied by
10551: If the given input 'value' falls within range of [(None, -inf), (-half_life[s], half)] then return message
10552: This function returns the client and user API keys concatenated with ':' in between.  It's used to authenticating users on an application using
10553: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then it iterates over the keys of 'old_group' and checks if they exist as key values within
10554: This function returns the registration id in an encrypted format.  It uses Python's string and repr functions to encrypt it, but only keeps
10555: This line of Python script reverses the order and transposes an inputted 3D array. The result is another three dimensional object that has been
10556: This function returns the number of significant digits in an integer. It does so by counting how many times '1' appears as its binary representation ends
10557: This Python function returns the length of total strings in tss and sums up lengths from all persons.  It uses map to apply 'length' on
10558: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10559: This function changes the protocol of an URL from http to https, if it's not already in use by HTTPS or HTTP protocols respectively
10560: This is the formula used to calculate an approximate value of N. It's based on mathematical principles and involves dividing 6 times n by two
10561: This Python script is used to generate the URL by joining all elements of an array using slash ('/') as separator, and then removing tra
10562: This script calculates the start and end times of an object's orbital period. The time is calculated based on given parameters such as 'expos
10563: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The result is then calculated by adding up all these differences and returning that value
10564: This Python function finds the minimum y value from any given set of points. It does so by iterating over all elements except first one, comparing each
10565: This Python function checks the first word of an input string, and returns it as is or splits off any trailing dot(s). If neither
10566: This Python function generates three values from an input frequency. The first two are calculated as the result of shifting and dividing by certain constants to get integer
10567: This function takes three arguments and returns the result of promoting them. It does so by adding both numbers together then dividing that summation with two to
10568: This line of Python script converts the time in hours, minutes and seconds into total number. The conversion is done by multiplying each unit with its
10569: This function is trying to get the maximum capacity of an item in SpellBook, if it fails then returns zero instead and logs any exception that occurs
10570: If the input size and output sizes are equal, return zero. Otherwise calculate as per usual but subtract one from it to account that we're
10571: This Python script generates the first two characters of each string within 'boxts' and then adds half their corresponding values from another list. The result
10572: This Python function converts the value of an input parameter from one unit to another. The conversion is based on two dictionaries that map units and their
10573: This function checks if the parameter name exists within an expression. If it does exist then returns True else False or None depending on whether there is at least
10574: This function checks if the name starts with 'organization' and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition – it is used to filter out
10575: If the input "name", which should be either an empty string or nullable and contains no slashes (/), return [](empty list). El
10576: This Python function checks whether the input string contains "-" and splits it into two parts using '-' as separator to generate CPU numbers within that
10577: This line of the Python script splits an input string into two parts using ":" as separator and converts them to integers respectively before calculating their
10578: This function checks the value of an 'actuato' and returns either it is ‘zero’ or not. If true, then return string
10579: Removes all the characters that are present within "letters" from given input.  It uses Python's builtin function filter and lambda
10580: Converts the input to lowercase if it starts with 'dot' and removes leading dots from its remaining part, otherwise returns original non modified text
10581: This Python function checks three conditions. If all are met it returns the value of 'V'. Else depending on which condition was true - either return
10582: This line of the given Python script returns an item from 'list' with minimum difference between its value and pivotal point ('point').  The
10583: This Python script copies the configuration dictionary and deletes all keys that start with an underscore ("_"). The result is returned as output of function "
10584: This Python function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns two values - the 'overall' value from these dictionary entries if it exists or
10585: This script is used to create unique names by counting the number of times each box name appears within 'boxsMetadata'. The count starts at ‘
10586: If 'y' is zero or very close to it then return the tuple of zeros and value itself; else check whether '-x_min',
10587: If the number is 0, return 'no' items. Otherwise returns an appropriate message with count of given numbers in brackets {} and ending it
10588: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10589: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10590: This function returns the volume of an object given its surface area and density, which is then multiplied by three times approximately to give us our final result
10591: This Python function takes an integer level as input and returns two integers. The first is calculated by shifting the bits of one number to left with '<<
10592: This Python function takes an input URI and returns the last segment of that string, stripping off any trailing slashes if they exist in it
10593: This Python script opens the specified BED file and reads its contents into memory in one line of python program using context manager to handle files automatically closing after
10594: This Python function calculates the longest common substring of two strings. It uses dynamic programming to find and store all substrings that are present at both
10595: Returns whether or not the tuple of two elements is present as an edge between nodes.  This function uses 'b' to determine if it exists within
10596: This Python function creates an output matrix of the same size as input, where each element is “on” if its corresponding position within original array matches
10597: This function returns the name and total number of people following an object.  The format is '{object_Name} {number}' where `Object
10598: This Python script generates an output string from the list of Book objects, with each line containing information about one specific object and its properties as defined by their
10599: This line of the script is creating an array by iterating over 'labels' and using label mapping to replace each value with its corresponding index if it
10600: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an input value, and then adding that product to another constant.  The output is simply
10601: This function calculates the value of an address based on three parameters. The first two are modulo operations, and then there's another level where
10602: Code snippet that creates the paths to temporary files used in BLAST database creation and filtering process – temp/<Region>/_Temp
10603: This function checks the value of an exclude group's 'Variable'. If it is set to either all variables ("Both"), then returns two segments.
10604: This function returns the input string surrounded by two stars. (e..g, with_stars("hello")) would output '*****
10605: This function checks whether the given string is equal to 'Yes' or not. If it equals, then returns true; otherwise false will be returned in
10606: This Python function takes an input list, 's', and repeatedly append the first two elements of each sublist to another new one called "result".
10607: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' in equation 3.4 from given values, which is an example to illustrate how one can
10608: This function calculates the quotient of two numbers, taking into account their signs. If both are positive or negative it divides as usual; otherwise
10609: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary `frequencies` with retentions of different time units as values based on user input or default
10610: Creates dictionary with base level values of U, K and D in the form { "key": value } where key is one character string ("F
10611: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute 'm' items into two groups such that each group has at least one item. The total count
10612: This function checks if the current command is either an empty string, contains 'line' but does NOT contain any whitespace at both ends ('not strip
10613: Calculates the difference between two sums of squares. The first one is calculated with an iterative approach, while another calculus method gives us its result
10614: This line of the Python script checks if 'file' object is an application file, which means it has either type as `app` with subtypes
10615: This function checks whether the input "select" variable can be converted to string type using join operation; If it's possible then returns joined strings else
10616: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number 'a' by x to some power ‘nu’ using numpy library in python language
10617: This function returns all the Python package names that have dependencies on 'search' as part of their name or dependency string is found within them and it stores
10618: This Python script generates the URL to make POST requests. The arguments are passed as key/values in an HTTP request, and then appended with access
10619: This script creates two lists of programming language sets, then finds the intersection between these multiple set objects and returns it as another sorted Python List object with unique
10620: This Python script uses the Shape library to create and manipulate geometric objects such … [TRUNCATED]...shapes like points or
10621: This Python script splits the 'XForwardED' header into an IP list, then returns and strips off any trailing whitespace from that
10622: This function pads the left side of an index with zeros to reach length 'num' using Python.  It is similar in functionality as str().
10623: This line of the given C++ program generates and returns an hourly clock time in 14 characters. The first two digits are padded
10624: This function checks whether the given 'layer' has both an attribute named `“Mark”`, which is also of type dictionary with another key called
10625: This line of the script splits paths into their individual parts, then takes only one part after splitting by '.' and returns it as output –
10626: This Python function checks if two objects are the same object. It handles different types of comparison by checking their equality firstly with '==' operator then
10627: This function checks whether two years are within the same model. It returns true or false based on which of these conditions is met in order to determine their
10628: This function returns the concatenation of three strings. The first string is "folder_" followed by an input parameter, which will be used as part to
10629: This Python function checks if the input string matches one of two predefined values. If it does, returns that specific action; otherwise raises an error
10630: This Python function calculates the number of days in each month based on whether or not it's leap year. The input is an integer representing years
10631: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10632: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem and it
10633: This Python function takes an input scalar and list of numbers, multiplies each number by the given 'x' value. The result is returned as output
10634: This function calculates the refraction index of air at given temperature and pressure using an equation derived from molecular dynamics simulations in physics literature." This
10635: This function returns the string without any leading or trailing whitespace.  It's used to clean up user input before processing it in other functions
10636: This Python script converts the second dictionary into an equivalent one by adding up all values of its items and storing them as keys with their corresponding counts from
10637: This Python function takes two parameters, year and month. It returns the date in string format with '-' as separator between them using builtin python
10638: This Python script loops through the keys of dictionary 'dic' and returns first matching value from it, if found then return that particular Key else finally returned
10639: This Python script takes the year range of an academic season as input, and returns it in reverse order. For example if you pass '08'
10640: This function returns the paths to different files in directory dirrepopanel id. It is used by other functions of our program that need these file
10641: This Python function returns the same output as its input, but with some conditions. If 'value' is less than zero it will return "zero",
10642: This function returns the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. If 'N' is one, it simply outputs zero and otherwise calculates
10643: This Python function takes an input dictionary, checks if the key 'adjustSpec' exists within it; then splits that value by commas to
10644: This function returns the URL of an API endpoint. The input is two parameters, 'provider' and ‘tail’ which are used to formulate
10645: "Convert data to string"  return type of the function is 'str' and it converts given input into its equivalent ascii representation.
10646: If the variable 'swap' is 0 or not present in memory then return values of variables "u" and	"v". Otherwise it will always
10647: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10648: This line of the Python script converts all filenames to uppercase and checks if they end with either ".SARIF" OR " .
10649: If the sum of absolute values is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and store in variable "result" as per given formula. The final output
10650: This Python function calculates the surface of an irregular polygon by using Shoelace formula. The input is list 'verts' which contains tup
10651: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'extraxtions' variable and appends dictionaries to it one by another key
10652: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The snowflakes are represented as bits, so we shift right by two
10653: Insert calendar with title and description into google sheets using python script – Code snippet provided above is used in creating an appointment list on the
10654: This Python script calculates the length of each word and then joins them together. If there is an extra space, it will be removed from both sides
10655: This function compares two nested dictionary objects, if the keys exist both as 'key' values within each of them then it performs subtraction operation on
10656: This Python function is used to determine the suppresion factor based on different scenarios in an epidemic model simulation, with specific conditions defined by 'No
10657: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence in Python. It uses recursion to calculate each number, but it's not efficient
10658: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
10659: Returns true if the HTTP response status is between 2xx and 3XX, false otherwise. This function checks whether an http request was successful or
10660: If the input `is instance of` dictionary then return it. Else check whether its an object with attributes in form dictionaries or tuples
10661: This function converts the input column to lowercase, removes any spaces and replaces all whitespace characters with underscores.  It then returns
10662: This Python function assigns the value 'Accept' to `RISK TREATMENT` if COMBINED RISKS ASS
10663: “Gets” or retrieves and returns Git repository url from given input string.""""""  (END OF SUMMARY.) */" }
10664: This line of the script is checking whether "No File" appears in any part or all within 'mods' variable. If it does, then
10665: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns four values based on input parameters. The first two are calculated by multiplying corresponding elements from '
10666: This function subtracts one from the input, but only when it'd be more than or equal to zero; otherwise returns an extra negative number
10667: This Python script is used to split the input string into list of values based on 'pipe' character and then further process each value depending upon its presence
10668: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'euculidean_gcd
10669: This Python function calculates the Julien Centuries and returns an approximate value of Earth's distance from Sun in astronomical units, given as
10670: This function takes in some text and returns the same input but all characters are capitalized. It uses Python's builtin string method "".cap
10671: A dictionary is created with the key as 'bui...' and value of that label.  The labels are then used to create another dict,
10672: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
10673: This function takes as input the name of an error, checks if it exists within 'list' to see whether or no there are any errors. If
10674: If the current condition is missing, it returns 'No Weather'. Otherwise return either icon url or value of that specific key.  Else default
10675: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an imaginary part from 'complex' data type. The function takes two arguments - real parts in
10676: Fetches the data from "TagRecord" in Firebase and returns it as dictionary if successful, otherwise return false  Code snippet to
10677: This function checks if the given 'path' string contains either of two classes. It returns True when it finds at least one, False otherwise –
10678: This function calculates the apparent magnitude of an object at any given MJD, based on its distance from Earth's center in days using astr
10679: This line of Python script returns colored text using ANSI escape codes. The color is set to red and the input string "str_text".
10680: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The variable 'r' is multiplied by ‘(alpha/360
10681: This Python script creates an indexed dictionary based on the values of certain keys. If there are duplicate entries, they're stored as lists within each
10682: This Python function filters out the values from 'val' list that are present within another given input "lst". The result is returned as an output
10683: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer. It starts with 0 and increments until it reaches one, then shifts right by half
10684: This function converts the number of Bytes to Kilobyte, Megabytee or Gigabye based on their size and returns
10685: This function checks whether two intervals overlap. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as the result of comparison between these values in an
10686: Simulates the coupled system of two differential equations.  The state is represented as [x1; x2], where each component represents an energy level
10687: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an integer value by taking into account wf, ingestion factor or weight fraction. The result
10688: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
10689: This function returns the values of Y and Z in terms based on input parameters Db &amp;lt;&#x3D;/&gt;"
10690: This script calculates the center of an array/list points. The minimum and maximum x & y coordinates are used to define two corners that form our
10691: This Python function takes two lists as input, removes duplicates from each list and returns the intersection of these sets in ascending order.  It uses
10692: This function checks if the first three characters of an object identifier(oid), which represents entity type, are equal to '2a'. If so it
10693: This Python function calculates the "Agile" and Speed Drivers' abilities based on their ZScores, with weights assigned to each factor
10694: This function takes in the 'text' argument and returns an object with "parse" as its key, which is set to value of text.
10695: This Python function calculates the area of an object with given properties, which is based on its height and radius at sea level in meters squared per
10696: This script is used to create dictionary params with the given parameter names and their corresponding values from an inputted 'parameters' object, which could be either
10697: This function takes an input v and returns the rounded value of that number. The result is returned as float type in Python language using builtin 'round
10698: This function calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions using Pythagoras' theorem, but it is simplified by multiplying both sides
10699: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10700: This function checks whether the given number is evenly divided by another. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true – based on
10701: This Python function returns the values of keys 'backend' and its associated value.  It is used to get data from an object called backend which
10702: This Python script drops the table named 'name' from your database. If it is not present, nothing happens and no error will be raised or logged
10703: This Python function takes in the current time as string and splits it into components like 'Year', ‘Month’,'Day','Hour'
10704: This function checks whether the input argument 'is_list' or an element of it. If neither are true then return that value as single item in
10705: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10706: This function checks if the document type is not equal to 'Xform Instance' and returns True or raises an exception. If it encounters any
10707: This Python function takes as input parameters and converts them into dictionary format where the second part of each parameter is used to form key, while first one
10708: This function returns the processed data. The input is an array of numbers, and it processes them by applying some transformation to each element in order that they
10709: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10710: If the y coordinates of two rectangles do NOT overlap, return false. Otherwise check whether their x coordinate ranges are overlapping; otherwise they don'
10711: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10712: This line of the given C++ function is used to encode device type, access control and functionalities into one single integer. The order in which these
10713: This Python function converts all lowercase vowels to upper case and replaces them with "!" twice before returning the modified string as output from given
10714: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict, then iterates over the list of tuples 'x' and adds each tuple to its corresponding
10715: The function returns True if the string contains '"' and False otherwise. It also checks whether it is part of an fenced block comment, ie
10716: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with tasks from the action define file, then removes duplicates by converting to set before back into dict
10717: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty list called "Missing ligation sites" that will store all elements from 'LIGAUX
10718: This Python function calculates the maximum size of blocks that can be processed by an Numpy'n PIP. The input is 'bsz
10719: This Python function takes as input an open/closed string of parentheses, and returns the same output but without any characters that are inside other br
10720: Removes positionX, PositionY from the list of components.  If they exist then remove them else do nothing;(code): pass #
10721: This Python script splits an 'encoded' string into individual coordinates and converts them to floats before storing as list of tuples within
10722: This Python function generates two file paths based on the input 'output folder prefix' and an index number ('I'). The first path is created by append
10723: This Python function checks the number of days per each given inputted value. The values are based on months and their respective day counts as follows - January
10724: This Python script calculates the horizontal position and depth of an object by following instructions given as input. The initial values are set to zero before each new
10725: This Python function takes in the file system's full or partial paths and returns only drive name from it using split() method of python string class with
10726: This Python script calculates the free energy of an atom with different initial guesses and stores it into dG_freeseenergy array using function
10727: This Python function tries to return the value of an exception from its dictionary. If it doesn't find that name in our custom list, then instead
10728: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two images based on their respective points of interest. The slope is calculated as ((y_max(image
10729: If the input is in one of four specific directions return corresponding string. Otherwise returns 'unknown' – Code written by [Your Name] on date
10730: This Python script creates an object 'transformed' that represents the YouTube Playlists. The source type, id and name of each video in your you
10731: This function takes an input string and replaces all spaces or hyphens with underscores. It then splits the resulting text into individual strings based
10732: This Python function attempts to divide the given 'value' by its corresponding rate in dictionary format. If there is no such key, it returns Naan
10733: This function calculates the result of dividing an input by 1.37 times its absolute difference from zero, which is then returned as output
10734: This Julia function returns the value of 'p' in Python. The end result is that it will print out "Hello, World!" to console if
10735: This Python script is used to create an array of unique, alphabetical characters from the input list "groups". It checks each item within that lists
10736: This Python script calculates the number of seconds since January first in 'year' from epoch time and converts it to milliseconds using another method
10737: This Python function replaces the special characters "�" and "\ufffd", which are not valid in UTF8, with their equivalent character '
10738: Returns the file kind in an input string as it is, but converted to all capital letters.  This function will be used by other functions that need
10739: This Python function takes two lists as input, finds the common elements in both and returns them sorted ascendingly  Code is finding intersection of index arrays
10740: This Python script counts the number of elements within each sublists present inside 'ListOfValues'. It does so by iterating over all lists and adding
10741: This function takes in one string and returns the name of its corresponding Class.  It uses reflection to find out which method is being called on an object
10742: This Python script creates an URI string using the provided dictionary. The format of each part is defined by its position in order to create one long, read
10743: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
10744: This Python script generates an ifcfg command based on the parameters passed. It checks whether 'netif', and any additional parameter are provided or present;
10745: This function takes two arguments and returns the first argument incremented by one. The second parameter is ignored in our case as it's not used within
10746: A dictionary that maps colors to their corresponding codes in the color palette – Black is 'x', Red's are represented as '-'. Green
10747: This line of the given Python script checks if both dimensions in an array are equal, as well whether one dimension is greater than zero. If these conditions
10748: This program shifts the bits of two numbers until both are odd. It increments an integer variable 'shift' each time it finds such pairs and then
10749: This Python function takes an input hash and returns the result of shifting each character by one. It does so using ASCII values to perform these operations,
10750: This Python function splits the input string on commas, and if it's only one element long then converts that to an integer else returns
10751: This function converts the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using Python's built in functions and syntax, returning it as an
10752: If the variable 'backup_mode' is set to be equal with string value of image, then do nothing.  Otherwise it will fail and raise
10753: This function checks if the string contains at least one digit or not using Python's builtin isinstance and str methods, returning True/False accordingly
10754: Checks if the object is an instance of namedtuples with more than zero fields.  If so it returns True else False; otherwise false
10755: This function calculates the midpoint between two points. It takes in three parameters, which are used to calculate and output their respective coordinates on an imaginary
10756: This Python function calculates the final output of an energy storage system based on its initial and end conditions, as well it's rate at which that
10757: Increments the count of values that are greater than 64 bit integer limit. The number is stored in variable 'L'. This process repeats
10758: This function returns the result of an 'if else' statement. It checks whether "Value" is less than “Threshold” and performs different
10759: This Python script replaces the sample name in an input string with nothing and then joins all parts of that resulting list into one single line separated by dots
10760: This line of Python script joins all the elements in 'todos' list into one string with newline character between each element.  It then returns
10761: If the value `None` then return an empty string else replace special characters with HTML entities and returns it as per its type – strings are returned
10762: Replace the placeholder {message} in 'badges' template with actual value.  This function is used to generate an email body from templates and
10763: This Python function appends unique elements from the 'n' list to another existing, empty "list" named as parameter `b` and returns it
10764: This function checks whether the URL contains either '?p' parameter(or &pagination, etc.) with any value. If it does then return
10765: This script generates an array of RGB values based on the maximum value and number 'N'. The generated list is then converted to grayscale by div
10766: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 'p' multiplied by seven fifths, which is equivalent to multiplying it with an approximate
10767: This Python script splits the URL into its components, then takes last part of it and further split by '.' to get file extension only in mark
10768: This function takes in an array of strings and returns them joined by spaces.  It's used to convert the list into one string with space separ
10769: This function checks the value of 'string' variable. If it is equal to “Name”, then replaces its content with another string named
10770: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The formula used is not clear, but it seems to be related with some kind
10771: This function takes two parameters, `cd` and 'td', which are strings. It returns the concatenation of these three parts separated by '-'.
10772: This is an example of using sets in Python. It creates two empty set objects, one to store characters from string 1 and another object that stores
10773: This Python function checks the value of 'K'. If K is 2 then it calls another method to calculate an approximation using dynamic programming. Otherwise,'
10774: This function checks if the game is over by checking whether there's an 'O'-piece on one of its diagonals. If so,
10775: This line of the given C++ program is responsible to perform bitwise operations on an integer. The operation involves shifting bits and performing AND, OR or
10776: This function calculates the area under curve using y and x values. It's called AUC in statistics, which is used to measure how well
10777: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value as is; otherwise converts and return converted
10778: This function converts time in seconds into hours minutes and second format. If the input is less than an hour it returns as zeroes otherwise return values
10779: This function calculates the linear equation y = ax^n+b, where n is an integer. The result of each calculation depends on 'm
10780: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10781: If the provided 'postal_orp' variable does not exist, return it as given; otherwise convert to lowercase and remove all spaces from
10782: Creates an array of dictionaries with the host name and role as tags. The function converts both to lowecase before adding them into dictionary
10783: If the 'template' object exists, it will format its name and return as list of strings; otherwise returns an empty array/list – Code
10784: This Python script creates an empty list and then appends each tuple to it one by another until the end of input sequence is reached which results into final
10785: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual tweets and then filters out the ones that are either too long to be considered as
10786: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10787: If the server is either on localhost or 'local' host and user has admin rights to Calendar Server component of Mac OS X; return true otherwise false
10788: This Python script encrypts and deciphers messages using the Caesar cipher. It works by shifting each character of an input string to another position
10789: This line of Python script creates an array that is the resultant multiplication by each element from list 'Y' on another number X.  The output
10790: If the input 'allelename' variable in not provided, it will return "Genes name". Otherwise,"genes*allalelenames",
10791: This function calculates the maximum depth of nested lists. It uses recursion to traverse through all elements and keeps track on each nesting levels using
10792: This Python script splits two version numbers into their individual components and then compares them element by –element using subtraction to find the difference between
10793: This Python function calculates the nearest key to an input 'val' from given dictionary of intervals. The distance is calculated as summation over two dimensions
10794: This function returns the number of unique elements in an input list. It does so by converting all items to sets, then back into lists and comparing their
10795: This function takes in one argument, num. It multiplies the number by ten million and then rounds it to two decimal places using round() method of
10796: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings, then removes any trailing newline characters from each of these individual 'newer than
10797: 返回一个包含属性、运算符和值的字典。 Operator可以是'==', '<=','>='.
10798: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10799: This Python function pads the given numbers on either side with equal amount of padding. If both are even or one and only odd number then it padd
10800: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10801: This function returns the average of two given numbers in Python by subtracting half from each number and then multiplying them together to get their sum divided again
10802: If the value is less than 7 characters, it returns False. Otherwise - True; checks whether or not input string has at least seven character long
10803: A dictionary with keys and values. The key is string that starts from 'A' to Z or any other alphabetical character followed by one of
10804: This line of the given Python script is extracting and returning only last part from 'uid' string using split() function, which separates it into
10805: If the input 'i' is less than zero or divisible by eight then return color rgb. Else continue to next condition and check whether
10806: This function splits the input string into individual word and then joins them back together with spaces in between using Python's builtin split, join functions
10807: This Python script splits two URL strings into their respective components by "/" symbol using the split() function in python while also comparing these component lists element
10808: This Python script checks whether the object 'obj' is equal to np_na, and returns its value in case it isn’t; otherwise return
10809: If the lengths between two lists is different, it raises an error.  This checks that both sets have been updated with equivalent number or more elements before
10810: This Python script creates two variables and assigns them values. The first variable is the string 'return', followed by an empty space ('') which will
10811: "The Pagination module has been implemented in the system" – Code explanation. The function prints out that 'PAGINATOR IS SH
10812: This Python script checks whether the input filename variable has been assigned to an instance of type 'str'. If it hasn't then raises and handles exception
10813: This function checks the size and shape of two variables, then returns true only when all conditions are met. If not it will return false in any case
10814: A dictionary that maps month numbers to their names.  The keys are integers from one through twelve, and the values correspond with those of these as strings
10815: This function returns the date in DDMMYY format. (The input is ddmmyyyy string.)  ```python` Code
10816: This Python script creates an empty dictionary with the same structure as 'keys' and fills it by iterating over each element of "key" list within
10817: This Python script checks whether the input string is present as an element of one, two and three sets respectively when split by spaces (' ', '\n',
10818: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
10819: If the 'species' parameter isn’t provided, return just its value. Otherwise append it to your result with space and then finally returned as
10820: Implemented the function to split URLs into components using Python' built in functions" ..., and then used it on an example of
10821: This Python function takes in the name of an individual, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from it and then returns only their last part after finding
10822: This Python function converts an RGB color to its YIQ equivalent and returns the closest white or black shade based on whether it's closer than
10823: This function calculates the sum of squares in an array. It takes three elements from input list 'a' and returns their square sums as one number
10824: Code generates string with prefix and id, followed by xy coordinates of the vertex.  The output is then returned as one line in Python scripting
10825: This line of Python script returns the names from each item within 'feature list'.  It uses dictionary comprehension to do so. The result is an
10826: This python function calculates the sum of squares difference between each element and mean. It is used to calculate variance or standard deviation, which are important measures
10827: This Python function calculates the number of spaces and tabs on each character. It uses an accumulator to keep track, but breaks out when it enc
10828: A dictionary of marks with corresponding scores. The keys are the letters and values represent tuples containing lower score limit(s). This is used to
10829: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array.  The implementation uses Python's builtin 'sum()
10830: Create an empty dictionary and add the key '{"key": value}' to it. The name of each item is stored as its corresponding index number from
10831: This script replaces special characters with their corresponding HTML entities, which are then replaced back by the original character in Python string manipulation functions and returned as
10832: Creates dictionary with the given parameters. The questions and its corresponding list of possible solutions are stored as keys respectively within another key named "questions". Each
10833: This Python function is used to find the configuration that matches an end user id and asp sp ID. It uses dictionary comprehension, if statements with break
10834: This function joins two paths together using the operating system's path joining method in Python 3+ and returns them as one string with no leading sl
10835: This function takes an array 'c' and replaces all elements greater than the first element of another list with its value. It returns modified original input
10836: Returns the most significant byte of an integer, depending on whether it's in big or little endian format. If sample type is '
10837: This Python script splits an attribute name string into its component parts and then creates another dictionary that only includes items from 'the dict' with keys present
10838: If the VCS variable isn’t provided, return none; otherwise split it into its components and handle them accordingly based on their count -> either
10839: Code is used to calculate the gamma value of an object. The function takes two parameters, one being 'x' and another beeing ‘
10840: If the input is less than or equal to ${value}, it returns that same number. Otherwise, depending on whether its between [${(min
10841: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END OF SUMMARY).'   }]),
10842: This function converts the input string to an array of characters, then it looks in that character list and replaces 'u' with either lower or
10843: This is an implementation of the binary counter algorithm. It counts how many bits are set in each iteration until it hits zero, which indicates that all fields
10844: This Python function calculates the Area of Triangle when given two parameters, 'height' & ‘Base’ which are both positive numbers greater than
10845: Generates list of dictionaries with command names and descriptions.  The detailed field is left empty as it's not needed here but can be filled
10846: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if all digits were removed from it. It does so by using Python's
10847: This function converts input to an integer or floating point number. If the value cannot be converted into either of these types then it returns as string else
10848: This function checks the sign of an input number, and returns its length based on whether it's negative or not. If zero is passed in as
10849: Checks if two lists are equal. If they're the same, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by comparing them in order to determine
10850: This Python script changes the language of an input string to either Chinese Simplified or Traditional. If it's in both languages, then change
10851: This Python script checks the message received from another process. If it's "b\"start\"" then, prints out 'The program is starting
10852: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
10853: This function reverses the integer n and returns it. For example, if you call reverse_integer() with 347 as input then output
10854: This line of the Python script checks if there is any newline, carriage returns or null character in string 's'. If so it will output True
10855: This Python function takes three arguments - 'red', ‘green’ and the output of RGB to convert it into HSL color space using formulae
10856: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate gdc until
10857: This function takes an integer and returns the string with that many space characters. If number is less than 1 it throws domain error as we cannot have
10858: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of two lines given their coefficients. The equation is derived from standard algebra formulas to find these values in
10859: This function calculates the average latency minus recurrent latencies. It subtracts standard deviation from an inputted value to give us more insight into
10860: This Python function checks if the number is Happy or Not, by using sets to keep track of numbers that have been encountered before until it reaches ‘
10861: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers, but only when one of them is larger than another. If not true then it simply returns their
10862: This function sorts the locations list in ascending order based on their 'x' coordinates.  It uses Python builtin sorting method with custom comparison
10863: This Python function returns the number of day in month based on its input. It uses an array to store all months' total numbers and then retrieves
10864: This Python function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be the input string 'word'. It converts all characters of that "string", lower
10865: This piece of the program calculates an intersection between two points and returns its coordinates. The algorithm works by iterating over all vertices, checking which ones
10866: "A dictionary of the first few letters in English alphabet"}};. This is an example Python script that creates and returns such data structure as
10867: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
10868: This function checks if any of the elements within an inputted list or tuple are false. If so, it returns true; otherwise return 'False'.
10869: This function checks whether the 'beneficiary_country' or ‘beneficiary_country_cod’ exists, then returns it
10870: Checks whether the app has any receipt or install items with Apple ID prefixes; returns true when found otherwise false – Code snippet to
10871: This function checks whether two inputs are strings or not then converts them to lower case before comparing the values; it returns True only when both input string
10872: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with counts of 'a', ‘t’, "c" &“g” in the given sequence string
10873: This script contains the definition of an empty Python method named "rmq\_meta\-data\-\_\-" with no arguments and returns 'True'.
10874: This line of the given Python script returns two elements from each list. The first element in both lists is returned, and so on until all pairs have
10875: This Python function checks the first few characters of an input string, and returns different strings based on what it finds in that character sequence at position 0
10876: This Python function generates an array of integers by rotating the elements within another integer list. The rotation is done using addition and modulo operations, with each
10877: If the 'extra' configuration contains an entry with value of true, then it checks whether there is another key named cardinalities. It also verifies
10878: This line of Python script creates an SQL SELECT statement to fetch all data from the specified table.  The variable 'query' is then used in subsequent
10879: Copies the data store and its metadata into two separate copies, then returns one of them as 'return' statement is used to return from function/
10880: This Python script generates an array of operations to be performed on the input parameters split by commas and stored as strings into variable `op` which is
10881: This Python function returns the string '{}' with guest name inserted.  The format() method is used to insert variables into strings in python programming language
10882: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
10883: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is_str' or not and returns it as output in one line of python scripting language using conditional
10884: This Python function takes an integer input representing the number of days in one month and converts it into its corresponding string representation. For example, if
10885: If the first value is greater than second, return it. Otherwise - else part of condition returns its result – either one or other depending on which
10886: If the 'data' variable does not exist, return false. Otherwise continue with processing as normal – ie., do nothing and proceed to next
10887: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10888: This script is designed to create dictionaries that map cell types and their properties based on the names of sections, mechanical systems or other parameters provided by user
10889: This function changes the reaction class based on its current value. It checks if it's an A + B ->  C or not and then assign
10890: This Python function calculates the average of all elements present within an input sequence, and then divides each element by that calculated value to normalize it
10891: This line of the program calculates and returns an object's mass in kilograms, given its weight as grams or other units such that
10892: This Python function checks whether the input string contains any non alphanumeric characters and replaces them with underscores, only when they are not
10893: Throw an error exception when either of the two numbers is negative.  If both are nonnegative then return their sum as Int32 type in
10894: A function that counts the occurrence of each element from an input list. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are elements and values represent their count respectively
10895: This Python function converts an integer to its individual digits and returns them as integers within another array/List, which is then returned by the main
10896: This function calculates the row and column of an element in 1D array based on its position. The result is returned as two separate values,
10897: This Python function checks if the input string has exactly two unique characters. If it does not have – returns 'Skip'. Otherwise - return first character
10898: If the left side of one rectangle is to its right, it's not possible. Else check whether or no two rectangles overlap on their
10899: This python script is used to count the number of parentheses. It uses two variables, `s` and an empty string variable named "res
10900: If the given 'None' value then return current state of game. Else check whether it matches with any piece in that position on our side and
10901: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10902: If the number of song is less than zero it returns 'zero'. Otherwise calculates total key count. The loop goes from one to given input and
10903: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of two dimensions from an input list. The output is represented as tuples with each element being
10904: This Python function takes as input the dictionary `mapping` and returns another dict. The keys of each pair are used to access values from two different d
10905: Implemented connection, create and CRUD operations on database tables using SQL Server stored procedures.  }  ```python`name="__main
10906: Code is an implementation of the length function on lists. It checks whether each character matches with its corresponding one from other list elements or not; when it
10907: This Python function raises an error when the input vector is not of size three, and then returns another value calculated based on that third element in order to
10908: This function returns the year and date in 4 parts. It checks if it's an actual valid Leap Year or not by using Python’
10909: Creates and returns an object representing the geometry of one terrian's route. The coordinates are given by two points in space, represented as t
10910: A dictionary that stores the sum of lifetimes and count in JSON format with 'name' as key to identify it uniquely within json data structure"
10911: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10912: This line of the Python script checks whether "row['prev_wninger'] is equal to 'winners name'". If it does,
10913: This Python function calculates the repayments on an interest rate. The formula is based off of compound interests and uses variables like 'loan',
10914: This Python script is used to find the start and end of tokens within an input text. The function returns – if no such pair exists; otherwise
10915: This function takes an argument list and returns the nth element of that array. If no such index exists, it will return empty string instead."
10916: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level using recursion and type checking to ensure only valid elements are added onto
10917: This script sorts two lists and then assigns the values of one list to another based on their position within both original arrays/lists which is done by
10918: This Python script splits each string in the file by commas and converts values to their respective data types using python's builtin functions split
10919: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some input. The formula is 1/6th part, which involves multiplication and addition operations
10920: If the input string is empty, return 'pre'. Otherwise append ', '. Plus and concatenates with original.  This will be used to create an
10921: Splits CURIEs into two parts and returns third part of them if they exist, otherwise raises an error message stating that provided string is incorrect
10922: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10923: This function takes in an input sequence and returns the same output as if all characters were uppercase using Python's builtin map() & str functions
10924: This function calculates the cumulative total of all numbers from 'N' to zero. It uses recursion, but instead it returns immediately when N
10925: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an integer is divisible by three and two. If it's true, then returns 'max
10926: If the probability is greater than or equal to zero, return one; otherwise - Return Zero .   Code snippet : `if(prob
10927: This script checks if the URL ends with any of given extensions. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such file
10928: This Python script creates an empty character list and adds all characters from the input string to it, then checks if any of these unique/distinctly
10929: This Python script splits the string "shapes" into its constituent parts and checks whether there are more than 4 such components. If so
10930: If the length of 'trims' is more than 4 characters, return it. Otherwise empty string will be returned as default value in Python programming
10931: This Python function concatenates two strings and returns the result. It also increments another variable by one after each operation to demonstrate understanding of variables in python
10932: This line of the given Python script is creating an output file name based on problem number. The format function in python converts integer to string and adds
10933: This Python function raises an error when the input "factorial" isn't either integer or floating point number. It then returns result of cubing
10934: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an integer value by multiplying two other integers, then dividing it with another constant to
10935: This function parses dates from the specified columns in csv files, if they are not already parsed by pandas's parser option 'parser'.
10936: This script is used to load data from JSON files and store it in dictionaries, which are then utilized by the main function 'main' –
10937: If no columns to be filtered are provided, it simply returns the original list of all available outputs. Otherwise filters out any unwanted or unnecessary ones based
10938: This python script calculates the intersection of two lines and returns their endpoints. The input is given as 4 points in form [(x_
10939: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10940: This Python function takes in two parameters - the name of column and its corresponding data point. If it finds that particular cell's content is 'Yes
10941: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10942: If the absolute value of numerator delta is greater than or equal to angle between two cameras, set magnitude as 1. Else calculate and assign
10943: If the variable 'exif_tags' does not exist, return false. – Code checks whether an EXIF tag exists in Python script or
10944: This line of Python script splits the inputted text into separate strings based on newline characters, and then joins them back together with no extra empty
10945: If the environment variable 'JULIA\_documenter\_\varcustom' exists and contains valid JSON data then it will load that custom
10946: This line of the given Python script is deleting an entry from 'senitors' dictionary. It checks whether there exists any Senator with that party in our
10947: This Python script splits the string into individual characters and checks if it is empty, then pops out any nonalphabetic character from end of
10948: This function takes two tuples as input, adds the second element of each tuple together and returns them in another form.  It's used
10949: This Python function checks if there is any winning combination on the tic Tac Toe gameboard. It does so by checking each row, column
10950: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" and counts how many times each one appears, treating all letters as case insensitive by
10951: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from l to r inclusive, where each number is calculated as ((i+1)*(((n +
10952: Code checks if the RGB values of each color are within tolerance. If they're not and there is no other similar colour found then it returns True
10953: This Python function takes in the URL as input and returns only its content type from it using find() method of string class, if found else return None
10954: This script splits the input string into two parts - first part is lowercased and then split by spaces to get individual arguments in list format which
10955: This function calculates the cost of storage based on its 'tiered' level in terms that it costs more or less than other volumes, with
10956: This function returns the key of an object. The returned value is in hexadecimal format if 'hex' parameter set to true, otherwise it
10957: A JSON object representing the US Environmental Protection Agency's flow pedigege matrix.  The 'ID', and name are provided as per request,
10958: This Python script calculates the Rey's number, which is used in fluid dynamics to measure viscosity. The formula given here uses density
10959: This Python function checks if the current iteration number modulo with 'checkpoints' equals to zero. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
10960: This function checks if the request method is GET, whether parameters are present or not based on some conditions – it returns True/False accordingly depending upon
10961: This function checks if the product of weight and disance is less than or equal to 1000. If it's true, then
10962: The python script contains two functions, one that calculates minimum and maximum values in an input vector while another which scales any number between 0 &1
10963: This function calculates the total POA ground cover based on an input factor 'f'. The calculation is done by multiplying different factors depending upon whether
10964: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' type `str` and converts it to an UpperCase version using built in method "
10965: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The coordinates are given in two lists and calculated using cross product method to find out
10966: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string of spaces. The length is determined by that value, with each space represented in Python using
10967: This Python script checks if the file 'file_name'. If it exists, then prints its name; otherwise returns an error message indicating that such files
10968: This Python script calculates the total and percentage of CPU time spent in different states. It uses 'ps' command to get process information from Linux systems
10969: This line of the program calculates and returns average length or number.  The input list 'n' is calculated as its count, while calculating an
10970: This is an arithmetic operation that takes two numbers, 'p' and the result of subtracting one number from another. The first input to it
10971: This function returns the name of an object as its value.  It's used to get information about objects in JSON format, which is commonly returned
10972: This function takes in the first three characters of string 's' and returns corresponding weekday name. If character is not recognized, it defaults to Saturday
10973: This line of Python script filters out the 'Task Running' tasks from list.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that and also keeps
10974: If the HTTP response's 'status': 3xx or higher is returned, it returns TRUE. Else FALSE will be outputted by default
10975: Checks whether the dictionary has both an id key with nonempty value, as well as type keys. If so returns true; otherwise false or error
10976: This line of the Python script removes one character from both ends. It does not affect non-"string" data types like int, float or list etc
10977: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. It uses division and subtraction method which is efficient in terms computation time
10978: This function flattens nested dictionaries into one level deep by joining keys with '.' as separator and storing the resultant dictionary to return it
10979: This function is used to scale the value of 'p' by multiplying it with itself until its result becomes less than ‘one’, then
10980: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
10981: This function converts the value of variables based on their types. If they are numbers, it returns them as floats; otherwise whether or not boolean
10982: This script calculates the average of each coordinate by summing all points' coordinates and then dividing it with number_of__pointes to get
10983: Copies the options dictionary and sets "--" model to module name in it, then returns new copy of that dict  Code snippet is used
10984: This Python function converts the input units from kilobytes to bytes, or vice versa based on whether it's in KB ("k
10985: This line of Python script calculates the distance between two points using Euclidean Distance formula and then multiplies it by 3/8 to get
10986: This Python function calculates the output value of an OS/CV range based on MIDI input values, given two ranges and one percentage point in
10987: This Python script creates two lists 'X' and ‘Y’ with the same length as an inputted data set using values from another list of
10988: This script removes all the file names that start with root directory and /temp from list of filenames.  It then returns new filtered filename array
10989: This Python script attempts to construct dictionary from the given string of tags, where each tag is separated by comma and contains "key => value". If any
10990: This function is trying to call the first argument with its remaining arguments. If an exception occurs, it calls and returns without changing any of these parameters;
10991: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10992: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
10993: This function converts all string dimensions to integers. If the dimension isn't convertible, it will be converted into an integer representation of 0
10994: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two lists. The weights are determined by their indices, with higher indexed elements being more important than lower
10995: This Python script reads an input file, and replaces each word in the lines with its corresponding number of stars. The result is then printed to std
10996: This Python function takes as input the sequence of nucleotides and returns their reverse complements. It uses dictionary mapping to find out what is its corresponding
10997: This function resizes the inputted height and width of videos to be equal in size while maintaining their aspect ratio by scaling up if necessary based on which
10998: This function checks if the 'request' data contains an object with key named status. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
10999: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by one and half, which is equivalent to adding two times that same amount together in arithmetic
11000: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables, 'number' and assigning it to be equal with length function on variable named `t
11001: If the first element of tuple is not ‘x’ then return false. Otherwise if second one equals to zero and third equal too it returns true
11002: Checks if two dates are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet to be used in your project's
11003: This line of Python script replaces all dots in the input string with underscores, effectively converting any period characters to hyphens or replacing them as
11004: This function returns the result of two operations. If 'x' is less than lower limit, it subtracts from that value and multiplies by
11005: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to find GCD until
11006: This function returns twice the value of i. It's an example to show how Python can be used in mathematical operations and functions, as well its
11007: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns the cross product of these two vectors. The inputs are represented by 'list' in python programming language
11008: This function calculates the maximum depth of nestings within an input. It returns zero when it encounters non list/tuple inputs and one at
11009: This Python function calculates the slope of line between two points. The equation is derived from standard formulae and returns it as output which can be used
11010: This Python script splits the input string 'NAME' into parts using an underscore "_", and then reassembles it with dashes ("--
11011: This Python function splits the input string 'v' into its constituent parts, then attempts to convert each part of that list back as an integer
11012: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the version string of an RHEL package and extracts only its main component, which in our case would
11013: This function returns the URL of Biblical Text Online's record with id htID using bibliothèque théorique de
11014: This script calculates the number of samples at each level based on whether they exist or not, and if an element doesn't have any children it
11015: This function converts the input string to lowercase and checks whether it'is either 'True', or just an equivalent of that value with case ins
11016: This Python script checks the IP and Port of an incoming request, then constructs or modifies URL based on these details – it'll return
11017: This Python script generates the transpose of an input list. It calculates and stores each column from left to right as separate elements into "transposed
11018: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The input is the index of alphabetical position in which we want our result
11019: If the HTTP status is 404 Not Found. Return an error with specific details about what went wrong in JSON format.";   } else
11020: This function returns the information of an element in given index. If it's not defined, then 'undefined'.  It takes two parameters - one
11021: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
11022: This function calculates the value of 'n'th term in an arithmetic series. The first few terms are defined as follows - For each positive
11023: This Python script calculates the value of 'One Minus Beta' and half that result, which is used in some machine learning algorithms to control
11024: This Python script is fetching the 'data dictionary' from an object named "parsedDictionary" which contains information about various stores and their results.
11025: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
11026: This function checks if the input 'layout' is of type NHWC or NC, with an additional condition that it contains character c.
11027: This script is used to find and store the dependencies that are present but absent from an 'allowed' list of depenencies, which can be defined
11028: This function calculates the difference between two colors, multiplies it by an input factor and adds that to another color. The result is then returned as
11029: This function checks whether the input value in hexadecimal format. If it's exactly one sixteen characters long then converts to integer else
11030: If the variable 'pass' is equal to TRUE, return FALSE. Otherwise it returns an error message of type ft." (END OF SUM
11031: This Python function takes as input two lists of strings and returns four separate list objects with the same length containing information from these inputs but formatted differently to match
11032: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'nyud' is equal to string value `"H".` If it does, then return number
11033: This python program calculates the value of Pi and converts degrees to Radians. The result is then printed out in one line using f string format
11034: A dictionary comprehension is used to create an equivalent of the given python script but with some modifications and simplified syntaxes like using "+=" instead
11035: This Python function checks if the given 'dict' object has an attribute named player number. If it does then returns false else return true after checking all
11036: This function calculates the probability of an event based on two given probabilities, and one additional condition that all other events are not in Hypothetical
11037: If the maximum score is zero, return as it's not possible to get any points in all rounds; otherwise check whether both scores are positive or
11038: This Python function checks whether the input data_(variable name to follow in comments as needed). If it's neither list nor tuples or num
11039: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11040: This Python script creates two lists from the given input. The first list contains unique values of 'Y' and second one is created by swapping elements
11041: This Python script opens the specified text files and reads its content into memory using UTF – encoded formatting which is useful when dealing directly in Un
11042: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of given list 'points'. It returns these as tuples. The width is
11043: This is an example of conditional statement in Python, which checks whether two variables are equal or not and returns either zero(if they're unequal
11044: This Python script converts the input string into an array of characters. It then removes any spaces, single quotes and empty strings from each character if they
11045: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called 'waste\_Time' and populates it with the values from another list. The keys of these d
11046: This function takes as input parameters and returns the ones that start with '{COMPONENT}__{ARG}' format, removing those specifics from them
11047: This Python script parses an input string of the form "key_name=='value'" into dictionary format using split() function with delimiter
11048: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters x, y and z with additional parameter t which is not used in calculation but included
11049: This function calculates the exponential decay of an input value based on two parameters, alpha and nu; it returns NaN when any parameter is nan else
11050: This Python function returns the number ‘one’ and string 'Done' in two separate variables. The first variable is an integer while second one contains
11051: Code checks if the integer variable 'intvar' is less than ‘one’. If it does, sets boolean value to true; otherwise false
11052: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into three parts using the '.' character and converts each part to integer form if possible;
11053: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on given parameters. The result is then returned by using mathematical operations and functions to perform calculations with
11054: This Python function returns the coordinates of an arrow based on its 'action' parameter. The actions are defined as follows in order from left to right and
11055: This Python script checks if the reference name starts with 'branches' and then returns only its content after prefix, else it will return none
11056: A function that checks whether all characters of the string 's' are unique. It does so by using an empty set to keep track and checking each
11057: This function checks if the first part of path is either 'docker' or ‘k8s’ and returns true/false accordingly based on that
11058: This Python function checks the value of 'call' and returns an appropriate string based on its content. If none match, it defaults to returning another specific
11059: This function checks whether the two boxes overlap. If they do, it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that there's no intersection between them
11060: This function returns the current stack trace information in Python 3+ with its corresponding filename and linenumber of where it was called from within that same call
11061: If the prefix is not None, then slice off one character from both strings. Otherwise just take all characters of 'string'.  This will be used
11062: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and list comprehension is used to find these differences. The
11063: If the 'None' value in variable `speed` has been assigned to it and then used as an index into dictionary sbytes. The program will
11064: This Python function calculates the offsets of two values based on their modulo operation with an integer divisor. The result is returned as tuple in
11065: This Python script is designed with multithreading and parallelism, but it also checks the consistency between threads' outputs when `n jobs` equals
11066: If the given 'dict' object doesnt exist, it will be created with default values from another dict and then returned as result; otherwise return original
11067: This line of the given C++ program performs bitwise AND operation on two numbers, and then shifts left by '(64 - num_bits
11068: This function calculates the average of two numbers. The result is returned as an integer, if possible; otherwise it returns None in case there's
11069: This program creates an array of different data science, AI and ML related topics. The input determines which list to return based on the number entered by users
11070: Cheks if either of the two decs are empty. If so, returns True; otherwise False – one line solution in Python language using logical
11071: This Python function uses regular expression to match the input string with pattern "-?" followed by "[-]*digit*" and then ".*/1".
11072: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the 'cons' list. The keys of each entry are "name"
11073: This Python function checks whether the input string can be converted to an integer. If it cannot, then returns false; otherwise return true after trying converting into
11074: This Python script checks the value of 'if' condition and performs different actions based on that, then it splits string with '-', joins them together
11075: This Python function converts CELSIUS to KElVIN by adding 273, the absolute zero in kilos or degrees of
11076: This line of the given Python script returns an element from 'full name' string by splitting it into parts and then returning third part which is always last
11077: This function returns the string of '*' characters repeated based on an input number. The output is created by concatenating repeating strings with each character in
11078: This function checks whether two lists are equal or not. If they're the same, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that their comparison
11079: This function scales the input by subtracting its minimum and then adding it back to make sure all values are in range. It's useful when dealing
11080: This line of Python script removes all digits from the given string and returns it as output without any spaces or special characters in between them, if there
11081: This function checks if the first character of string is either '{' or '#'. If it're not, then return false. Otherwise check whether length
11082: This function returns the first and second element of an index '(x, y)' in Python. The modulus operator is used to get remainder when
11083: This script checks the language input and returns an appropriate translation or default to English, based on availability of that specific translated version within 'available languages'. If
11084: If the lengths of u and v are not equal, return infinity. Otherwise calculate distance using Euclidean Distance formula to find out how far apart they
11085: This function converts file sizes from bytes to other units. It uses the power of Python's built in exponentiation operator and rounding off functions
11086: A Python function that generates and returns an array of numbers from 0 to the input number 'num'. The result is created by using append() method
11087: This function calculates the value of y given x and parameters. It's an example on how to define functions in Python using syntax similar with mathematics
11088: This function checks the action of an 'error' repository. If it is equal to `next`, then returns false; otherwise return its value or
11089: This Python script is used to extract the second and third artists from each song in Spotify's API response. It also assignes these extracted information
11090: This line of the given C++ program is creating an integer variable named 'mask' and assigning it to 0x8, which represents binary
11091: This Python function calculates the result of dividing 'floor' value by power. If input is negative, it multiplies that number with two to
11092: Copies an object and deletes specified properties.  The function is used to create shallow copies of the original dictionary, excluding certain property names that
11093: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11094: This function checks whether the given number is greater than its next digit. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false or void depending on
11095: This Python script converts an RGB color to HSV and then calculates the saturation value. The result is 10% less than in
11096: This script converts the first 10 characters of each string element within 'headder list' to strings. The last and second from end are
11097: This function generates bins of equal size between the minimum and maximum values. The number 'bins' is determined by dividing max value minus minimun
11098: This line of the given Python script checks whether an inputted value is less than zero. If it's true, then “+=”
11099: This function checks the data types of an argument and performs different actions based on its value or datatype, returning it as is when not recognized otherwise
11100: This script generates legens, colours and markings based on the order of methods provided by 'methods' list using method legend colour marker dictionary which is
11101: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11102: This program uses the scipy.optimize module to find an optimal solution using gradient descent optimization algorithm, which finds local minima in function space
11103: This Python script splits each string in the input file by commas, and returns two elements - second element of first pair from list comprehension result
11104: This Python script splits the given file/directory name into its individual elements, and then checks if any of these are 'commo'. If so
11105: This script creates lists of CO² components and their associated tracing. It also filters out those that are not part the list ['co2', '
11106: This function adds indentation to the given string based on its current depth in an HTML parser. It also handles empty strings or levels less than zero
11107: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that; it returns either all "blockNumbers" from lists or only
11108: This function checks the 'return' value of an object, which is either from one or two levels deep. If it finds that there exists some key
11109: This function returns the cube of its input. It's an example to demonstrate how functions work in Python programming language, and it is used as
11110: This Python script generates an array of unique NGram tokens from the given text, where each token is defined as one or more consecutive alphanumer
11111: If the object 'obj' in question does not exist, return "default". Otherwise just output it.  This makes use of Python’s t
11112: This Python function checks the first few characters of an input string to determine what type it is, and then returns any remaining part after that as output from
11113: Determine the type of system based on 'System Type' in RedShift, Amazon RDSS and AWS Database Service.  If not recognized then
11114: This Python script is used to extract the 'American' property from each dictionary within "prices" list and store them into another new array named as
11115: If the attribute "loc" exists in object `data` then use it; otherwise return default value of variable named as argument to function call “
11116: Returns True if the first character of string is an open parenthesis, False otherwise.  Code snippet used to check whether or not there'
11117: This function checks if the magnitude of an earthquake falls within specified range.  It takes two parameters - 'low' and "high" which represent
11118: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with elements from 'y' that have the key "name". The function returns either its
11119: A list of 'n' elements, all set to False. Used as control signal in the program execution with no further use or modification by other parts
11120: This Python function finds the maximum value of all elements on an inputted 3x4 matrix. It uses nested loops to iteratively check each element
11121: This function splits the input string on ':' and returns last part of it in lower case form, if there is no colon then return original value
11122: This Python function takes an input string, replaces all spaces with underscores. It does not modify any non-" " characters and returns the result
11123: This function returns the tab character repeated 'n'. (END SUMMARY).  ```python ``` python def repeat_tabulation(): pass
11124: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, multiplies it by ten to power of nine and then divides that resultant number with another one
11125: This Python function divides the distance in kilometers by one mile to convert it into miles, or returns an error message if not possible due either
11126: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word.  It's used to break down text data and make it easier in processing
11127: Implemented RESTful API endpoints to manage jobs, tasks and pagination. 	URLs are defined as dictionaries with keys corresponding
11128: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees c and f, which is given by
11129: This Python function multiplies two numbers together, 'a' and the number of times it is to be repeated. The result will always end up being
11130: This script counts the number of announcements and regular class meetings per day within each specific list/dictionary 'courses'. The results are then
11131: This line of the given Python script returns all tuples from an iterable where each tuple contains three elements. The first two are extracted directly and
11132: This Python script calculates the sum of elements at different positions from two matrices. The dimensions are determined by comparing lengths between them, with each element being
11133: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying specific weights to each component and then combining them into one value, which is commonly used
11134: If the attribute is 'efffect' with no effect, it changes to an empty list. Else when in transition time state change occurs then multi
11135: If the 'color' attribute of an object in Python, it should be either yellow. Otherwise return false; otherwise true – Code snippet
11136: If the given 'year' is less than 1970 and there exists an entry in dictionary with that name then return its value else returns
11137: This script counts the total number of "vote(s)" from all members.  It is used to determine how many people voted on an event
11138: Creates and initializes two dictionary variables. The first variable "e" is assigned the value 10, while another one named 'b'
11139: Creates an empty dictionary with the same keys as 'd' but only if values are not null or undefined/empty lists; otherwise it leaves them
11140: This function is used to show the value of an indexed variable. If it's 1, then return its own name; if not equal
11141: This script splits the first row of 'raw' into separate fields and creates dictionaries with these as their respective field names to store values from subsequent
11142: This function calculates the new coordinates based on given parameters. It handles different modes ("S",	"W" or, in some cases,"E")
11143: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The absolute values are used to ensure that distances can be positive
11144: This Python script generates an object with keys from ‘a’ to 'h' and values that are True if the corresponding bit is set, False
11145: This line of the Python script checks whether 'ratio' is less than 0 or greater than one, and adjusts it accordingly. If both conditions
11146: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, and returns another list where each string is the last three characters from its original form or all those
11147: Prints "Hello" to the console. Returns type of input as 'string'. 1 line only, no import or function definition needed in Python
11148: This function returns the path to runtime metadata in an activated model. The prefix is prepended with 'activation' and then appends '_'.
11149: This Python script calculates the profit from each transaction and adds them up to get an overall net income or loss, which is then returned by function as
11150: If no input, return zero. Otherwise find the maximum length of any given list and output it as result."---> Code Summary : "If
11151: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'chunkSize' variable. It first checks if "dataset size" divided by
11152: This Python script loops through each ID present within the 'keys' list, and then iterates over every item inside that particular "id" to check
11153: This Python function returns the dictionary with keys and values swapped using builtin dict comprehension feature of python 3+ which is similar to list/
11154: This Python script generates the list of all unique pairs from given 4D array 'faces' where each pair represents an unordered set containing two elements
11155: Checks if the string "line" contains all four of these specific characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false  Code is used to
11156: This function checks if the given peak is within specified 'tolerance' of any value found among all provided bio markers. If it finds such
11157: This Python function checks whether the current file/code block has been executed before, ie., it's stand alone with no variable tags nor '
11158: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "your_job ###." and extracts only one number from it, if such pattern exists
11159: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and calculates the total number of items present within 'c' using values from another given dict object named "`
11160: This function takes an input string, checks if it's 8 digits long. If so - prepend 'KV/Nr.'
11161: This line of Python function returns the hexadecimal representation.  It takes an integer n as input and outputs its equivalent in HexaDec
11162: This Python function checks the agreement percentage and returns an appropriate letter grade based on that value, with specific conditions applied to it as described in its docstring
11163: This script is used to check if the given application and its associated actions match any of our defined set up policies by splitting on commas with each line
11164: This function reads the cmdLine of process with given PID, and returns it in case that file exists; otherwise prints an error message to console before
11165: This function checks whether the input string contains any non alphanumeric characters and replaces them with hyphens (-). If no such character exists,
11166: This function takes an input string, checks if the second character of that String is "e", and returns either zero or one. If it's
11167: This Python function takes an input list of strings, where each string is expected as "key==value", or just the key and it will be treated
11168: This Python function checks if an attribute exists within the list of given 'attributes'. If it does, prints that "attribute_name", else whether or
11169: This function calculates the center of each pair in two lists. The calculation is done by subtracting half their respective dimensions and dividing them to get
11170: This line of the given Python script splits string "s" into an array using space as delimiter and then joins it back to form another
11171: This function calculates the inverse of 𝑥 + √((x^3)/4 - ((6*y*(9+7
11172: This function calculates the result of y plus X times Y, then subtracts PY and finally takes modulus N. The final output is
11173: This Python function checks the value of 'state' and returns an appropriate list based on its current status. If it encounters unknown states, raises error
11174: This function takes an input of 'shape' and returns the same output as it does but with some elements reversed or flipped to make them look
11175: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11176: This function returns the same string as input, but with tabs replaced by two spaces. If it's not an empty line or just whitespace then
11177: This function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing two lists and returns its percentage. It does so through using Python's builtin functions like
11178: Returns true if both 'A' and 'B', when bitwise ANDed, have nonzero result. If not zero then returns false; otherwise
11179: This script generates the list of file names to be used in Terraform configuration based on environment and AWS Region provided as input parameters – "env"
11180: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
11181: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings on each end of every occurrence that is surrounded by whitespace or an empty space
11182: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11183: If the number of supportant cases is zero, return '0'. Otherwise calculate and returns ratio between combinations/supports.   [END] Code
11184: This function returns the same value as input when 'i' is either zero, two hundred and fifty five. Otherwise it simply outputs its own integer values
11185: This Python function converts the input string to its equivalent Boolean representation, either true or false in lowercase form if it is one of those two values
11186: This Python script prints out the variables 'Cell Number', '', '' and ''; it also defines an output string with these values. The last line of each
11187: This Python function converts each character of the input string to its corresponding hexadecimal value. It does so by using an expression generator that iter
11188: This function finds the position of observations that exist within target. If no such observation exists then it returns ‘[1]]’ else return '['
11189: This line of the script splits an URL into its components, and then extracts only one last element from that list which is usually used to get
11190: This function checks if an expression or mutation object can be called as functions. If it's both, then the result of calling that on '
11191: This Python script reads the content of an input file and stores it into another output list, effectively duplicating its contents to create one single new element on
11192: This Python function counts the number of newline characters at or before any nonspace character. It uses two variables to keep track, it increments if
11193: This function removes the string 'Additioanl Work By:' from start of given input.  It is used to clean up some data before
11194: This line of Python script doubles the value in each element, then rounds off to nearest integer. The result is returned as output from function 'col
11195: This function is used to create an array of colors by repeating the first part and then extending it with additional parts until its length reaches or exceeds 'poly
11196: This Python function calculates the difference between two RGB values and squares that. It then sums those differences to give an overall measure of how different they are
11197: This function returns the battery level percentage of an electric vehicle. It's used to get data from "Ev Status", which is part in charge info
11198: This Python function checks whether the given 'Depth' is divisible by some number, in our case it will be ‘(Block Size^3
11199: This python function calculates the velocity of an object with initial speed 'vs' and mass m, given as input parameters using Newtonian physics formula V
11200: This line of the program appends an element to 'global' list named "letters" in Python, which is equivalent with letter numbering system
11201: This Python function generates an array of numbers starting from the value 'Start' up to but not including stop with steps equal or less than given by parameter
11202: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
11203: This function takes either an input that can convert to uppercase using the `str` method when it's not already one; otherwise returns as comma
11204: This Python function calculates the minimum fuel required to move all items from one point towards another. The distance between each item and its target is calculated first
11205: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in list 'm' into one string with spaces between each element. The map function is used to
11206: This Python function calculates the value of an interpolated curve using linear extrapolation. The first two points are used to calculate initial values, and
11207: This line of the script checks if there is an input rotation parameter, then it assigns to `n` variable based on its value. If no
11208: This Python script converts paths to lowercase if they are longer than 4 characters or contain only one character that is an alphabetical letter followed
11209: This function checks whether the input string can be converted to an Int. If it's in hexadecimal, binary or decimal format then returns
11210: This Python script uses the 'reduce' function and an anonymous binary operation to perform some computation on each element of list. The result is returned as
11211: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11212: This function checks the file extension of an input string. It returns 'true' or 1, depending on whether it is one among several accepted extensions
11213: If the length of arguments is 2, check whether second argument ends with "-". Return ["-" + arg_second], else return original list
11214: This Python script checks the input and returns it as per certain conditions, such like converting string values to floats or returning them unchanged when they are empty
11215: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11216: This function searches an array of tuples by the second element and replaces it with another tuple. If found returns original list else return modified one
11217: This Python function converts binary values to an integer, taking into account the “big endian” byte order. If it encounters any overflow
11218: This Python function generates all divisors of the input number 'n'. It does so by iterating from ‘for’ to one more than
11219: This function checks if all elements of input list are either integers/ floars. If any element inside nested lists it will recursively call itself to further
11220: This Python script splits the input string into individual unique lowercase alphabetic characters and sorts them before returning as output – it ignores
11221: This Python script is used to shift the colors of an image by 3 places. It uses bitwise left shifting operator '<<' which shifts bits
11222: "Known face name is returned to the user."  or if it's not known, then returns an error message.(END CO
11223: This Python function takes in the path of an image and returns its length. If it's empty, then both lengths are returned as “empty
11224: This Python function checks if the POLICY CATEGORY of an object in recipe dictionary equals to Test. If it does then returns True
11225: This function returns the remainder of summing two numbers '(a + b)' divided by 2. It's an example to show how mod
11226: This function converts an integer to binary representation. It starts from the rightmost digit and works its way left by pushing each bit into r array which
11227: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then checks if it'd be equivalent with any
11228: This line of the Python function calculates how much space is left after subtracting and then taking modulus with an input length. The result will be
11229: This function takes two lists as input and returns another list. The first element of the output is summed up with each corresponding elements from both inputs using
11230: This function takes in an URL and returns the extension of that file, which is determined by splitting '/' on each side until it reaches '.', then
11231: If no argument or string given in the function call then it defaults to 'default' and returns corresponding value from dictionary. Else return input as entered
11232: This function calculates the quadratic equation y = ax^2 + bx  + c, where 'a',b and'c'. The result is
11233: This Python function checks if all characters of the 'Query' string are present as substring/prefixes within another given "Base" String. If
11234: This Python script creates an object where each property is the value of that particular item from dictionary 'D' and only those items are included whose values fall
11235: If the length of data is not 1, return false. Otherwise continue with processing... Code continues at line #30 onwards in file "
11236: This Python function counts the number of spaces ('') present within an inputted text. It uses recursion to count and return how many times there are
11237: This is the basic equation of linear regression. It's an algorithm that calculates coefficients 'm', and constant term, ‘k’ to
11238: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but values are now lists of tuples instead which were originally dictionaries
11239: This function checks if the given 'estimate' can be used as an Estimators. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or
11240: This function is used to manage the state of an object. It takes in three parameters - 'Type', which determines what type or class it's
11241: This Python script is used to filter out certain data from the given list of strings, based on specific conditions defined by 'spec'. The filtered results are
11242: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on certain conditions and returns it as output, which is then used in another part or module within
11243: This function calculates the area of intersection between two rectangles. The coordinates are given in terms ‘b’ where 'B' is bottom and
11244: This Python script calculates the total weight of all wastes from an input list 'isopeces' and their corresponding timeseris, then stores
11245: This Python function calculates the average of ratings given by each unique ID present within an input list 'User Ratings Group'. The first element is
11246: This Python function sorts an array and calculates the minimum absolute difference between any two consecutive elements. The result is then returned as output of that particular method
11247: A function that returns an empty grid of given width and height.  The values are filled with ".", which is the character representing no mark on paper
11248: This line of the given Python script returns all unique names from 'samplename' in set format.  It is used to remove duplicates and
11249: This Python script creates an equivalent of the given 3D list 'table' by replacing all '-1" with "X". The result is then
11250: This line of Python function returns the slice index in three digit form. The number is padded with zeros if it's less than 1
11251: This Python script reads from an input list, and creates new lists that only contain lines with no "--" characters using the count() function of strings as
11252: This line of the given Python script is splitting an input string "row['info']" into three parts using '||' as separator and assign
11253: This Python script splits the input string into hours, minutes and seconds using ':' as separator then converts it to total number of millisecond
11254: Adds three numbers together.  Code is written in Python and uses the '+' operator to add up these values, then returns them as an
11255: This function repeats the given character 'amount' times. It is used to create spaces in our output strings, which are then returned as part of
11256: This Python function converts string values to integers or floats and handles non numeric strings as 'None'. If the value cannot be converted it will
11257: This Python function converts time in seconds into the format HH::MMMSS.S where "HH", is hour, and so on are
11258: This Python script converts all lowercase characters in an array to upper case.  It uses the isLower function and then applies it on each element
11259: This function converts colors from RGB to linear lightness, if the input is less than or equal zero then it returns black and white otherwise convert using
11260: This Python script converts the string of features into an array that can be used in machine learning algorithms, by removing unwanted characters and splitting it at
11261: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it does not take into account
11262: If the input is zero, return zeros. Otherwise square and returns it as output from function "square". This line of Python script checks whether or
11263: Creates an instance of the QueueService class with unique name.  The queue is created in Azure Storage using Blob storage and has been assigned
11264: If 'j2' variable isn’t defined, return an array of zeros. Otherwise do nothing and just create the required number ‘do
11265: If the input number is negative, it will be converted to its absolute value and then turned into hexadecimal. The result starts with '-'
11266: This function calculates the minimum welding size based on plate thickeness and returns it as an output, but only when certain conditions are met; otherwise
11267: If the value of 'val' is greater than 1, return string s. Otherwise do nothing and then end with an empty line as per requirement
11268: This Python script copies the elements of 'arr' into another array, then adds each element from two arrays together and stores it back to an existing list
11269: This function checks the type of an expression in addition notation. If it's not radical additions ("Non Rad Add") then returns its classification as
11270: This function returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of an array. The result is in form [[MinX_coordinate , MinY coordinate ],[Max
11271: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
11272: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11273: A function that returns an object with the given 'Name' and empty attributes.  It also has no children to start off as it is not part
11274: This Python script splits the input string 's' into two parts using underscore as separator, and then concatenates them to form an object
11275: If the standard deviation of both x & y axes are not zero, it checks if they have opposite signs on their respective axis; then determines whether
11276: This function returns the color associated with each letter in an alphabetical order. If 'nota' is not one of A, B,..., V
11277: This Python function calculates the pressure of water at constant volume using two terms, one with exponentiation and another without. The first term is calculated as
11278: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of given list 'points'. The floor() method is used to round down while ceil
11279: If the input `None` or an instance of enumeration type then return its corresponding attribute else process it as per normal python object and returns resultant
11280: This Python function calculates the acceleration due to gravity using an approximation of 3D physics, given specific values such as Universal Gravitational Constant
11281: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11282: If no value matches the given condition, return first nonnull element. Otherwise execute provided function and its result will be returned as output of that specific block
11283: This Python script uses the parameters from an input dictionary to generate and return one line string. The output is intended as part of some larger system' functionality
11284: This function calculates the ratio of distances between two farthest and closest points in an array. The maximum distance is considered as 'A'psides
11285: Return an error message in JSON format. The test is unexecuted and the user doesnt know why it failed to execute due unknown reason –
11286: Checks whether the given string is in valid format. The function checks that it has more than 3 characters, starts with an uppercase letter followed
11287: This line of the script splits an input string into separate units based on '/' and then returns last part which is 'unit'.  The function
11288: This Python script generates an index list from the given 'id' and then joins these indices with underscores to form new names. The output is
11289: This Python script uses the split function to divide string into two parts based on different comparison operators and then returns second part of first divided by that operator as
11290: If 'x' isn’t defined, return the value of ‘default'. Otherwise just keep returning what you have. This function will always either
11291: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11292: This function tries to encode the input string with UTF_8 encoding, if it fails then attempts another method of doing so and returns that result or
11293: This line of Python script counts the number occurrences in "lyrics" string where each word is joined by space and then counted using count function
11294: This line of the given Python script is returning part or slice from sequence 'seq' starting at index i and ending after ith element. The elements
11295: Print the seat number and count of seats that are either occupied or have at least one adjacent vacant sector. The first parameter is "Seating arrangement
11296: If the MMSE value is greater than 35, return 'Intact'. Otherwise it's impairing.   [...]
11297: This function returns the file extension of an input filename using Python's built in 'os', and '.splittext()'.  It splits on
11298: Checks if the two stream names are equal in case insensitive manner.  If they match, it returns true; otherwise false is returned by function
11299: Checks if the years or months of two dates are different. If so returns true; otherwise false  Code snippet is comparing whether web and
11300: This line of the given Python script converts all spaces in 'Name' to underscores and then makes it an UpperCase.  It is
11301: This Python script splits the input string into separate elements based on spaces and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operation using filter function in python language
11302: This Python script creates an empty list if the length of unique elements is 10 but it returns two maximums from these ten numbers when they are
11303: This Python function checks the last character of an input string and returns different responses based on that. If it is not alphabetic or numeric
11304: This Python function calculates the total of all negative elements present at non diagonal positions.  The input is given as an n xn matrix 'M
11305: If the 'data augmentation factor' is greater than or equal to eight, return "eight". Else check next condition. This continues until it
11306: This function calculates the average of four numbers. It takes in these values and returns their weighted sum minus minimum value from all those inputs divided by three
11307: This Python function checks whether the input 'num' belongs to either an integer or floating point within certain constraints defined by its type ('int') & value
11308: This Python function checks if the length of an array is less than 'k'. If it's true, returns '- 1', otherwise return original
11309: Generates the string representation of column number. 1st line is $, second one represents v and third part shows '(' + colum name
11310: This Python function returns the index of last newline character in string 's'. If no such char exists, it will return length(string)-3
11311: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the red component of that color in two parts. It also extracts green from one part only by
11312: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, 'w' and ‘ρ’. The result is then returned as an output from our program
11313: This line of Python script is splitting the string "image" by 'im' and then taking only second part after removing first two characters ('i')
11314: This line of the Python script calculates and returns difference between y coordinates in bounding box.  The function takes as input an array representing x,
11315: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'N'. The base case is defined as N={in} and returns
11316: This function returns the filename of an HTML file based on its input. It concatenates "title". “+” is used to join strings in
11317: This function calculates the BMI based on height and mass. The formula used is "weight/((float)((double)" which means it will
11318: This Python script creates an object called 'mapping' that maps strings to integers. It then returns the value of x mapped from it using its key in
11319: If Δλ <  ∞, return Naan; else calculate the value of lambda based on its position in an exponential distribution with mean
11320: This Python script reads the 'messages' list and extracts all text from each entry, storing them into an array named ```entry``` . It
11321: This Python script splits the input string into an list of items, strips leading and trailing whitespace from each element before adding it to our final
11322: Parses an Int from the string t by replacing all colons with nothing.  It then converts that result to int type and returns it
11323: This Python function checks whether the application object has port definitions or ports. If it does, returns them; otherwise return none – Code snippet
11324: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11325: This Python script calculates the time series data's temporal difference between two points. It uses either last and second to previous point or third, fourth
11326: This Python script generates the URL string to be used in an HTTP request, which is then sent by using requests library of python' builtin module and
11327: This Python function returns the number 'I' when given 4 as input, and it replaces numbers divisible by both three & five with f
11328: If the string contains 'version' followed by one or more digits, it returns dev. ElseIf there is an exact match of either night
11329: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11330: This function calculates the average extent of each dimension in two extented boxes and returns these values as tuples which represent half their original sizes on
11331: This Python function searches the given image path and returns its extension, or 'None' when no match is found in that string pattern of extensions (.J
11332: This function takes in 6 parameters and returns the transformed values of these six elements. The transformation is done by adding or subtracting some constant factors,
11333: This Python script creates an empty array and then fills it with the GUIs of fractures from 'frustum' object using looping through
11334: If the first point's Y coordinate is greater than its second one then swap their coordinates.  This operation will be performed on all pairs of points
11335: This line of the function returns two elements from an array, which are swapped. The first element is taken as index “one” and second
11336: Code is returning the remainder of _division.  It's an Int31 type function that takes two parameters, divisor and dividend;
11337: This function checks whether the given string starts with "CC". The number in between should be from 1 to n, where 'n' can vary
11338: This function converts the input string to lowercase, and if it ends with "K", returns its value in kilobytes; If end
11339: Removes all the specified punctuation and whitespace characters from string.  It's used to clean up data before analysis or processing in Python programming
11340: This Python function takes in the coordinates of time as string and returns an integer representing minutes past midnight, or raises error when input is not valid according to
11341: This Python script checks if the list of 'synonymous' is not empty and contains only strings. It also ensures that each string has at least one
11342: This function returns the type of service forwarding protocol used by an interface alias.  It takes two parameters, iface and sfp which are both
11343: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
11344: This Python script deletes files from the 'old' dictionary that are also present as keys of another given dict ('new'). The function returns all these
11345: If the input 'message' variable isn’t defined, it will return “nothing”. Otherwise，it returns an Echo string with whatever
11346: This function takes two arguments and returns the first argument incremented by one or second parameter is not None then it increments that value. If both are
11347: This piece of Python script returns the value from dictionary 'specs' with key "peca".  It is used to get data about different pieces
11348: This Python function checks the number of inputted 'num' and returns an appropriate string based on that. It also raises error when it encounters un
11349: This Python function converts underscores to either all caps or first letters of each word. It uses the boolean variable 'capital'. If it
11350: This Python function checks the type of an input and raises error when it's neither integer nor String. If its Integer then converts to corresponding Str
11351: This Python script generates and returns an ASCII letter or digit randomly selected from the pool of all possible characters in both lowercase letters, upper case le
11352: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by using specific formulas and returns it as output, which is between [min_luminan
11353: This function converts the input string to lowercase and checks if any of its lines are found within another list, returning true or false accordingly based on
11354: This function checks the value of 'n' and returns it, but only when that is less than or greater. If not then just gives back what
11355: This Python script generates an output filename based on the input parameters. The file extension will be .data if no specific one was provided by user or it
11356: This line of the Python script creates an absolute path to save data in directories based on year and month using os module's makedsir function
11357: If the number is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise - do nothing. This function does not perform any operation and simply checks whether or no input
11358: This Python function checks the value of 'val' and returns it, but only when within certain bounds. If outside these boundaries then an error message is
11359: Checks if the two pages are either both child or ancestors of each other, returning true in such cases and false otherwise." --->
11360: This Python function takes an input string, checks its length and returns it as CRC. If there is only one digit in CRCChecker
11361: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding ASCII character. If no such conversion exists, it will throw error message 'Invalid key'
11362: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11363: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11364: This Python function checks whether the input dictionary contains both keys 'batcj' and ‘Token’. If either of these is missing, it
11365: The program returns the status as 'OK', time is in seconds since Unix epoch and information about CPU usage/memory used by process with id=
11366: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11367: Copies the configuration dictionary 'conf' into another one named "res" and assigns it to variable `r` which is then returned by function
11368: This function takes in an input message, and if it's less than or equal to 75 characters long then returns the same string. Otherwise
11369: This Python function splits the input string into three parts based on ":" and "-" characters respectively to extract information about genomic regions in form of
11370: This function checks the value of 'style' and returns either one string, depending on its content. If it is equal to any combination ("quick",
11371: If the input 'Data' exists, it multiplies by '-1'. Otherwise returns original value.  This operation can be used to reverse or neg
11372: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
11373: This function checks whether the given username is an admin or not. If it's 'admin', then return true, else false – otherwise do
11374: This Python function checks the input string to determine which of Monday, Tuesday etc. it corresponds with and returns an integer value from zero through six correspondingly
11375: This function checks if the given 'column' object has an attribute named as its name, and whether it represents one of two possible values - either True
11376: This Python script splits the input string by '-', and then assigns first two parts as `tok` which is used later in other functions of
11377: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same output as it does with no spaces but sorts all characters alphabetically within each word
11378: This line of the Python function calculates and returns square root average deviation from ground surface density. The formula used is gsd = sqrt(sum
11379: This Python script attempts to return the intent of an inputted text, if it fails then prints out any error that occurs during execution in real time using
11380: Attempt to access the "keys" field in 'dataset' dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, return false instead of crashing with an
11381: This function rounds the input to its nearest integer, and if it's exactly in between two integers then returns half of that number else return original one
11382: This Python script takes an input of "arguments" which includes the necessary parameters to run in Docker. The arguments include 'images', pullImage,
11383: If the 'chance' variable is zero, return true. Otherwise - false; in Python programming language – returns boolean value based on input of
11384: Code checks if an Ansible PlayBook filename has been provided and throws error message otherwise – 'No specific playsheet found' or else it
11385: This script checks the type and severity errors that may occur during data analysis, based on file names in an input directory or subdirectory with files ending
11386: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11387: This program counts the number of commas present within an inputted text. It does so by iterating over each character and checking whether it is equal
11388: This Python script modifies the list of strings in place, changing all lowercase initial characters to upper case and removing trailing spaces. It also changes
11389: Generates the URL to register GitHub Actions runner with given repository. (Note that you need an active internet connection and have access
11390: This function checks the value of 'X' and raises an error message in case it is not within certain conditions. It then returns two values based on
11391: This function checks the value of 'strict memory containement' and returns either local or none.  It is used to determine whether an object should be
11392: If the 'page' variable does not contain any of these keywords, it will return "None". Otherwise - based on whether or no there are other
11393: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the list 'l'. The keys of each item are taken as indices, which
11394: The function takes in one string argument, 's', and returns the substring of ‘s’ that starts at index position [0], ends
11395: This function takes an angle in degrees and returns the equivalent longitude on Earth's surface. If it is outside of our domain (-97°
11396: This function calculates the total energy of an object given its mass and speed, then returns it as well in Joules or Kilojules
11397: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11398: This line of Python script returns the input string if it is not equal to its left stripped version, otherwise False or None are returned depending on whether
11399: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an array based on conditions. The list 'extract' will be filtered to only include elements
11400: This function calculates the percentage difference between two values, but only when they are not equal to zero and returns 'zero' otherwise it will return an
11401: This Python function calculates the difference between two elements in an array. The first and last element of input list are subtracted, resulting value is returned
11402: This function converts the input 'Value' to an integer and then calculates two values based on it. The first is calculated as absolute difference between
11403: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as three separate values, which represent differences along x and
11404: If the input is positive and less than or equal to one hundred percent of its maximum possible integer size then it returns an approximation rounded up. Otherwise -
11405: This function checks if an IP address starts with one of the specified networks, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it does start within those network ranges
11406: This function compares two lists and checks if they have the same length, are each element in their respective sets is also present. If all conditions pass
11407: This two lines of codes are used to get the key lists from dictionaries 'A' and ‘B’ respectively, which is done by converting
11408: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11409: This Python function checks whether the string contains "/" or "." symbol; If it doesn’t contain either of them then return concatenated year month
11410: This Python function pads the input list with -1 to ensure that all sequences have equal length by adding padding tokens at end of each sequence if it'
11411: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an input character is equal to some specified 'letter'. If it's true, then that
11412: This function calculates the difference between two annotations and returns it. If any of them is negative or zero then “zero” will be returned
11413: Code is returning the value of 'var' if it exists, otherwise returns an empty string.  It checks whether there are any variables in scope and
11414: This python script counts the number of "wins" or ties from each game. It increments 4 times if it wins, and once otherwise
11415: This Python function takes as input two lists, one of characters and the other an integer. It then converts each character from lower case to uppercase
11416: This function checks the type of repository, whether it's git or github based on its configuration in 'sources'. If true is returned then further
11417: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11418: This function checks if the given 'block' contains only lists of integers. It also ensures that each sublist has exactly one unique length within its entire
11419: This script is used to manage the state of an application and determine how long it should wait before proceeding with another task based on its current status, which
11420: This piece of Python script will sleep 1/4 second, then raise an error exception with the message "Bad Programmers!" if any other exceptions
11421: This script is designed to check if the given string exists within an array of strings. If it does, then return false; otherwise true or error message
11422: This Python function takes an input text and returns the same output as if it was written to stdout using sys module's StringI/O functionality
11423: This Python function calculates the number of common characters between two strings and divides it by their maximum lengths. It's used to measure similarity or
11424: This Python function takes in the body of an HTTP request and returns only its content after first brackets. If there are no such pairs it will return
11425: Creates an error dictionary with status as 'Error' and message containing the incorrect api_verion being passed in formatting it out using .Format
11426: This Python script checks if the string 'padding' contains any whitespace, and returns true only when it does not contain anything other than spaces at either
11427: This function checks whether the input is an empty list, returns it as such. If 'increment' equals ‘zero’ then return "index
11428: This function takes an input and checks its datatype using the `isInstance` method of Python's builtin types module to determine whether it
11429: Updates the input and training parameters with given values in one line of Python script using dictionary update method, then returns updated parameter object as output from that
11430: Created an empty list to store the labels.  Added each label from 'label' into our new, combined dictionary with its corresponding value in another
11431: This Python function calculates the value of 'z' in equation 3. It takes two parameters, `currentIter` and  `Maximum Iter
11432: This function merges the indels from different barcodes into one dictionary. It iterates over each sample and its corresponding set of bar codes/
11433: This line of the Python script converts an input value from centimeters to kilometeres. The conversion factor is defined as one thousand, and
11434: This python function calculates the sound speed in an isothermal compressible fluid at constant temperature and pressure using specific heat capacity, thermal conductivity of
11435: Code generates the string 'content' with title and text. (END SUMMARY).   [Solution] The solution is to use f
11436: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11437: This function returns the first element of 'image' list that has name equal to given argument. If no such an item exists it will return none and
11438: This line of the given Python script checks whether an operation is either 'equal to' or not equal. If it does then returns that value as list
11439: This Python script reads the name of an input .txt or gzipped text files and returns its base filename without any extension (.ext). If it
11440: This Python script modifies the 'setting' dictionary based on certain conditions and transformations using if/else statements within loops to handle different keys with specific values
11441: This function checks if the input data starts with 'ISA' or not. It returns True/False based on that condition and does nothing else in
11442: This Python function creates and returns an object that keeps track of the frequency count/occurrence each element appears within list 't'. It then checks
11443: If the account number is 'Na', return none, else returns that value.  This function checks whether an inputted string matches with specific values and
11444: If both input values are 1 or -3 respectively then it will return the product of two numbers. Else raises an error stating that "both
11445: This line of the given Python function returns an SVG image data string. The input is converted to UTF 8 and then appended with '
11446: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11447: This function checks if the magnitude of an earthquake falls within specified range. If it does, then returns “True”; otherwise "False".
11448: This function returns the value of an input frequency, 'freq', in terms related to its logistic growth rate based on two parameters and three constants
11449: This function calculates the force of attraction between two objects. The formula used is F=G*m1*m2/r^2,
11450: This Python function converts the input string into an array of characters. It then joins all elements in that character's arrays with newline ("\
11451: This Python script is an implementation of the bubble sort algorithm. It takes as input list 'K' and sorts it using Bubble Sort method, then
11452: This function checks if 'n' is divisible by another number, and returns the result. If not it adds to make them equal then subtract
11453: This function generates the FIBONACCI sequence up to nth term, where 'n' is given as input and returns an error message (-
11454: This Python function checks whether the input value is within an interval. If it's less than or equal to 'lower', returns "low". El
11455: Replace the string 'JRiver' with another word in SQL queries using Python and replace() function – one line solution available as of now
11456: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
11457: If the list "dev" is empty, return false. Otherwise check whether last element of array/list “dev” contains any digit from [
11458: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11459: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an URL that points to Spot's music player, followed by '+', then it takes
11460: This line of the given Python script splits an input string by '/' and returns its last element, which is essentially returning just file name from full
11461: This Python function calculates the sum of two FIBONACCI numbers. The first and second parameters are used to generate these values in sequence as
11462: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'plaYfield' as one long sequence, using itertool’s chain function to
11463: This Python script generates recommendations based on the most similar items to each of users' recently clicked ones. The number and type can be customized as per requirement
11464: This line of the Python script checks whether 'value' is equal to “zero”. If it’s true, then return an empty string
11465: This function takes in the search string and returns an URL that can be used to find job listings on Indeed using Google's API with spaces replaced by
11466: This function takes in two lists, splits the first list into individual elements and joins them with "-" as separator; then it returns these joined
11467: This Python function takes an HTTP request as input and returns the third word of that string. It uses curl to send http requests from python scripting language
11468: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It checks if the input value 'x' equals 10, and returns true or false accordingly
11469: This function returns the string after removing parentheses if they exist in 'typeStr' else it just return original type str as is, which means
11470: This function calculates the force applied on an object at distance 'Distance' from its starting point in time t using parameters of mass ('m'), initial
11471: This function calculates the result of weight times radius raised to 9/3 power, which is equivalent in mathematical form as multiplying by square root
11472: This Python function checks whether two inputs are integers. If they're both integer values it returns the result of their division; otherwise an error message will
11473: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11474: If there is an error, return the messages from all errors. Otherwise returns none – Code explanation and usage of function/method to be added here
11475: This Python script is used to generate an action log based on the file uploads and downloads from given 'list of files'. The resultant output will
11476: This line of Python script finds the last occurrence (. in versioning strings), if it doesn't exist, returns original string and removes everything after that
11477: This function checks if the inputted 's' is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing each character of s with its corresponding one
11478: This line of the given Python script attempts to convert both variables 's' and ‘t’ into boolean data type if they are not already in
11479: If the status changes or there are no previous states then return true. Otherwise check each rule configuration name against its corresponding state from both lists of latest/
11480: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11481: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression. The first part divides 'q' by itself, which is equivalent to taking
11482: This function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion, but it's not efficient. It has an exponential time complexity and is
11483: This Python script splits the input string into parts by '.' and then reverse order of these split elements, finally joining them back with '.', resulting
11484: Splits the string 'a' into fields and then tries to access each field as an attribute of object or list element by name from leftmost
11485: This Python function checks if the two input sets are subsets of each other, and also whether there is at least one wildcard in either set. If
11486: This Python script calculates the number of steps to take in an array, given its size and desired step length. It also takes into account any potential
11487: This Python function converts all dictionaries into one dictionary. If the input list contains another type of data like string or integer it will be ignored and
11488: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
11489: This line of Python script is slicing the string. It takes two parameters, 'str' and an index range that defines what part to include in
11490: An API that provides information about an entity, such as its location or type in relation to another one using various parameters and filters provided by users through query
11491: This Python function converts HSL to RGB. It takes three parameters and returns the corresponding values in an ordered tuple format which is then used as input
11492: This Python script finds the smallest number from an array of numbers. It initializes with first element and then checks each subsequent one, if it's
11493: This line of the given Python function rotates an object 4 times around its origin. The rotation is done in two dimensions using only one variable and
11494: This function checks if the given string contains any two consecutive identical characters. If it does, then returns "True", otherwise - return false indicating that there
11495: This function returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The number is multiplied by three and then added to four, which results in 'four'.
11496: This script generates an array of commands to be executed on the command line, based off input files list along with optional section alignment size if provided by user
11497: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic trigonometry operations on vectors
11498: This function checks whether the rectangle defined by its top left corner coordinates [x, y](and bottom right corners as well)[7]) is entirely within
11499: This Python script creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the input "words" which is assumed to be another sequence of strings or any
11500: This python function calculates the incremental change in base Learning Rate and applies it to each step of training. The result is an updated version that includes
11501: This Python function shifts the bits of an integer to its left and adds it with another bit from right side. The number is then shifted one place in
11502: This function takes an IP address as input and returns the first four bytes in hexadecimal format. The values are converted to integers using base '
11503: This function calculates the sum of squares in three dimensions. It takes as input coordinates and returns their square sums, which is equivalent to calculating distance between
11504: This function returns the size of an object in bytes. If no argument provided, it will use current directory's file system to calculate its own files
11505: This line of the script creates an array that contains keys from 'all\_keysts' which are also present as dictionary values. The result is
11506: This Python function calculates the ratio of all elements in an array except its first and last one. The length 'len' is used to find out
11507: Create dictionary with Cart details.  Code snippet to create the same in one line using Pythonic way of doing it is not possible as per
11508: If the list 'len' of characters equals ‘zero’ then return true. Else check whether sentence attribute from second character exists and it does
11509: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is an integer'. If it's true then returns string with one decimal place. Else return float
11510: If the "Objects" key exists within `Dataset` object or as an attribute of it; then return its value which should be dictionary type check
11511: This is the formula used in physics to calculate energy of an electron.  It's based on some unknown constant, 'electron mass'. The
11512: If the given 'value' falls within specified or default ranges; return that same number otherwise raise an error message stating "invalid" in case of negative
11513: If the string 's' does not exist, return nothing; otherwise strip it of leading and trailing whitespace using Python builtin function "str
11514: This Python script counts the number of 'similar' and different elements between two lists/arrays using dictionaries from Pandas library with one line
11515: This Python script splits the string into parts, checks each one to see whether it is numeric or not and converts them back onto integers where
11516: This function calculates the number of days in target years. It multiplies by 0,7 to account that there are approximately one third more or
11517: This Python script returns the elements of 9x1 grid. The outer loop iterates over rows, and inner loops also go through columns within each
11518: This Python script converts all values of the given dictionary into string type and returns it as another dict with same keys but converted to strings only if they
11519: This Python script checks if the string starts with "{" and ends after reaching “}” using iterative approach of looping through each character from
11520: This function calculates the number of times an integer n is needed to be multiplied by 3 in order not only add up more than 'k
11521: This Python function checks whether two variables are both `None`. If they're all none then it returns the value of third variable else return minimum
11522: This function returns the quantity and unit in one line. If 'Quantitiy' is 0, it will not include any space after Quantities
11523: This line of the Python script checks if URL is not empty, starts with 'http://' or ends in '/', does NOT start from tel:'
11524: This Python script merges two lists of dict objects based on the values from one dictionary. The merged result is then returned as another set or tuple with
11525: This function takes an object with 'iterables' as keys and returns another dictionary where the key is same but value refers to each of these datasets from
11526: This function calculates the sum of geometric series using recursion. The base case is when 'N' equals to one and returns x%mod value
11527: This function returns the average of x and half its value if it is greater than zero, otherwise just takes one thirds part from both values to avoid
11528: This function checks whether the input is an ASCII or unicode character. If it's empty, returns true; otherwise check each byte of characters
11529: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary "meta" with some of information from another given 'data' object. The keys in meta are source
11530: This function checks whether the given 'key' is present as an item within '_dict'. If it does, returns true; otherwise false.  Code
11531: This function takes an input value in feet and converts it to inches by dividing the given number with zero point three hundred eighty four divided as
11532: This line of the given Python function returns an underscore repeated by 'mp_name' times. It is used to represent some form or object in
11533: This function returns the given dictionary with an "icon" key. The value of that specific field is set to be 'None' as it was not
11534: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two parameters, Gamma and Numerator(M). The formula is derived from some mathematical
11535: If the first argument, 'con' or `concatenation` isn’t provided and it doesn not exist in local variables/scope then assign
11536: This Python script defines an 'startsWithStringArrayChecker'. The check works by comparing each element from both lists and returning false as soon at
11537: This function copies the original dictionary, sorts its keys if they are strings or lists with more than one element respectively; it also recursively applies these operations
11538: This Python script splits the input string by "/" and returns last element of list, or "None". If there is no such an item in
11539: This Python function splits the string 's' into two parts using an equals sign ('==') and then returns both as keys/values in dictionary
11540: This Python script is used to split the string 'psmid' by '_', and then convert it into an integer using indexing, returning 1
11541: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using their coordinates and returns it as an output of type float or int depending on
11542: If the first column of each row isn't numerical or empty; it will return that tuple as such with its corresponding data from other columns separated by
11543: This Python script checks if two lists of degree values are equal. If not, it raises an error with message "Incoming Degree list is different
11544: This function scales and shifts the input by an amount specified in 'scale' then subtracts off that same shift. The result is returned as output
11545: Generates list of strings with elements being the lower and upper bounds, separated by "<=".  This is used to filter out any values that
11546: This function checks whether the line contains any of three keywords, which are either 'grade released date', ‘Last update’'s last updated time
11547: This Python function returns 'True' when the input value is greater than or equal to .49, and otherwise it will return false/return zero
11548: A function that returns the name of an identifier in JSON format.  The output is structured as {“id” : [{‘Name’:[
11549: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'summaries' data structure which is assumed to be another nested array of rows
11550: This Python script reads through each line of the input, and if it encounters 'Readiing', replaces that with ‘reading’ to
11551: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and performs different actions based on its value or data types it contains; returns True when input string matches
11552: Return the difference between two errors in terms of number. This is used to measure how much an algorithm has improved or degraded over time, based on
11553: This Python function checks whether the first parameter "OK" passed to it and raises an error message in case of failure. If OK was True or False
11554: This Python script checks the value of 'if' conditions and raises an error when necessary, such as checking whether or nor `"` is in string
11555: This Python function takes an array of commands as input and returns the first command that contains '--tunin'. If no such flag exists it simply
11556: This function checks if the given number is within any range defined by 'ranges'. If it's not then return false. Otherwise true will be
11557: This script is designed to extract the 'ID' from an input dictionary, then use it as parameter in another function "find EtherPad URLs
11558: This Python function cleans the text by removing non alphanumeric characters, including spaces from each document within an array of documents 'tokenize'd
11559: This Python function uses the builtin 'divmode' method to divide an integer r by another one. The result is then returned as two separate variables
11560: This line of the given C++ function is shifting right by 'n' bits and then left again. The result will be shifted back to its original
11561: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11562: If the input is an empty string, return another blank. Otherwise remove first two characters of given text and returns it as output – assuming that all
11563: This function checks the type of an input and performs different operations based on its class. If it's not any other data structure like list or string
11564: This Python function checks the state of an object and returns one out … [TRuncates]... one line. The states are as follows
11565: This Python function splits the input string into three parts and appends them to an empty array until it has at least 6 elements in total,
11566: This line of the given Python function is setting up an event with context and payload. The 'dict' keyword in python represents dictionaries which are used
11567: This Python function cleans the record message by removing keys that start with "_sdc". The result is then returned as 'cleaned' records which are
11568: This function returns the part of string after connector if it starts with that, else nothing is returned and original value remains unchanged in case no match found by
11569: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The base cases of our calculation have been defined, and if an invalid negative
11570: This function calculates the distance from an origin to any point on Earth's surface given its geographical coordinates, using Haversine formula and returns
11571: This function takes three parameters and returns the concatenation of them. The first parameter is converted to String type using `string` method in Python; then
11572: This Python script checks the type of 'contents'. If it’s string then return its content as single quoted text; otherwise check other conditions and so
11573: This Python script generates the symbol representation of an input string using alphabetical mapping from 0 to n -1 where each character is mapped with its
11574: If the first input is greater than second, return sequence ‘seq1’. Otherwise it returns 'sequence's name as default value in case
11575: This line of the given Python script copies 'hit' and assigns its values to two variables, then reassignes these variable assignments in reverse
11576: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the list of tuples. The keys are set to be unique identifiers
11577: This function takes in one argument - the file system's absolute/relative URL and returns three values; first value as name of last directory component from
11578: This line of Python script adds two vectors together.  The result is another vector that has the same dimensions as input, and contains their corresponding elements sum
11579: This line of the given Python script returns '/test' followed by an integer. The function takes one argument, 'str', and converts it to
11580: This function returns the greeting message with your name.  It's simple and easy to understand but it does not do much else in terms of
11581: This Python function checks the type of an input string based on its ending characters, returning different values depending upon these endings ("_" + "_dist",
11582: This line of the given Python script creates an instance variable 'self' and assign it to be equal with another object, which is passed as argument in
11583: If the specified tag key exists and its value matches one of two predefined values, return true; otherwise false – based on whether it'
11584: This program continuously adds and subtracts from the variable 'x' until it reaches or surpasses its initial value, then returns that final result
11585: This function returns the coordinates of all possible pairs in an array.  The first element is W and then it's either 'N', or E
11586: Returns the type of shell shape as string.  For compound shapes, solid ones and shells are returned first followed by faces(edge), wires or vertices
11587: This function returns the remainder of division by 'p' and then again divided with ‘q’. It is used to find out if there are
11588: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. If their GCD is not equal with one then it raises
11589: Checks whether the input sequence name "seq" or any other variable that may contain sequences in Python. If it's anything but strings then raises
11590: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns values to each of the four sides. The final result is returned as one line string with keys separated
11591: This function takes two parameters, 'a' and ‘b’. It returns the concatenation of first parameter with last one in string format using
11592: This Python function is used to adjust the day of week and ordinal suffixes based on an input number. The main idea behind it was that we
11593: If the input 'datetime' object isn’t provided, it returns "None". Otherwise，it formats and return string of date time in ISO
11594: This Python function calculates the mean of an input list. If no elements are in given, it raises and handles error "Mean needs to have
11595: This function returns the range of possible values that can be assigned to 'x' within an interval [a; b] with some margin. The maximum
11596: This Python function checks whether the input " thing"  can be considered as an instance of class 'str' or not. If it does then returns
11597: This function converts the binary representation of boarder pass to an integer. The input is expected in string format and it returns equivalent decimal number as output
11598: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values in an array, then divides it by their product. If all elements are zeroes
11599: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It does not do anything useful, but it's there to satisfy the type hinting requirement of
11600: This function checks if the given key is of one or more types specified by 'supported' list. It returns True only when all keys are either int
11601: If no wrapper function provided, return the original environment. Otherwise apply each of them sequentially to get final result from wrapped environemnts and
11602: Increments the 'height' by 1 in each iteration of loop, unless it is equal to current value. In other cases return False or exit
11603: Checks if the first number is less than or equal to second, then checks whether their corresponding numbers are greater ….or not? If both
11604: Copies the 'SourceWrapper' object and converts its contents into dictionary format using function `toDict` before returning it as output of method
11605: Pads inputted strings on either end by adding leading 'zeroes' to make them equal in length. If no need exists then returns original value
11606: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11607: "If there are more than one part, return zero; if less then it returns ten percent."   Explanation:"The function determines how many
11608: If the 'frame step' is greater than zero, return number of frames times length per Frame. Else check whether there are any nonzero values
11609: If the string starts with '-', return everything after it, else prepend '--' to end of input and append $ at start – in
11610: This function calculates the position of an object in space. The result is returned as string formatting with "Frame:" and Position."
11611: This function takes two lists as input. The first one represents the dimensions of an array and it'll be used to create new names that are different
11612: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11613: This function checks if the given URL is absolute or relative and returns True/False accordingly based on its type, otherwise it throws an error message "Invalid
11614: A dictionary with the name of an echo server and its details about itself in JSON format."
11615: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of dictionaries provided. For each iteration, it adds to our new 'results
11616: If the system command `Sys.which()`` is missing, it will report an error message and exit with status 0; otherwise returns true
11617: This Python script sorts the list of topic ID'S in ascending order based on their second part after splitting by '.' symbol using lambda function
11618: This Python function takes an example dictionary as input and returns the task id plus underscore followed by repeat index.  It is used to generate unique ident
11619: Fizzy number checking. If the input is divisible by both three and five, it returns 'fuzzy'. Else only one of
11620: This Python script converts the department, name of an employee in uppercase letters; role type to be converted into capitalized form as well but only
11621: The program calculates the time of each moon based on its position in wax and wane phases using Python programming language with dictionary data structure to store these
11622: This function takes an input, checks whether it's empty or not. If the given array is nonempty then remove duplicates from that and return
11623: This Python script splits data into training set/validation subset or testing dataset based on given proportions in an assertion statement that checks if all three sums
11624: This function checks whether the given email is tagged or not. If it's been marked as "tagged", then return true, else false/
11625: This Python script generates permutations of the given string. It checks if each character is one among 'r', ‘w’, or any other
11626: This Python script creates an empty list named 'delete' and another one called "indices" to store the indices of digits from input string which
11627: A function that modifies the fields in an input dictionary. The new values are calculated based on some rules or conditions and then added to another dict called
11628: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns total number vertices, summed with its corresponding edge count minus face counts. It's an
11629: This Python script creates two lists, one with the first elements of each tuple from 'coordinates' and another list is created using second element. Then
11630: This function takes two lists of four elements as input and returns the product resultant in form an array. The multiplication is done using standard rules from linear
11631: This Python function checks whether the key 'js' exists within an object. If it does, then extracts and returns all unique labels from three different
11632: This function returns the AQI category based on an input value. The categories are as follows, with each condition checking one of them and returning its
11633: Code adds the specified values to variables and returns them as list. Variables are incremented by 3 in each step, with dx/dys
11634: This Python function checks whether the first character of string 'S' is digit or not, and returns it as an integer in case true else return list
11635: This function finds the minimum and maximum coordinates of points within an array. The initial values are set to ∞/(-infinity), which
11636: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'cat' is equal to string value, and returns either integer or zero. If it matches with any
11637: If the difference position in mag stats array isn't found, return true. Otherwise check magnitude statistics and then either returns false or its complementary value
11638: This function returns the next possible location of an object in two dimensions. If it reaches to bottom row then return none else otherwise just move one step down
11639: If the first number is greater than second then it swaps them.  It also keeps track of temporary variable to hold value before changing 'One'
11640: If the length of 'month' is not 7, return it as given. Otherwise append '-01', and then give back that resultant
11641: This is an example of a simple linear regression model with 𝑛=∞, n variables and one output variable in Python using the
11642: This Python function takes as input an integer list, and returns the decimal equivalent of its binary representation. The bits are shifted left by one place at each
11643: This function checks whether the input it receives has been provided as an instance of type 'str' or any other subclass. If so - returns its
11644: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It's not efficient, but it demonstrates how to implement such function
11645: If the length of 'Message' is equal to ‘MaxLength’, return it. Else check whether MaxLengh<=len('
11646: This Python script uses list comprehension to convert the string options into dictionaries. It splits each option by comma and then further breaks it down using
11647: This Python function calculates the mean of an array. It takes two parameters, 'start' and "Stop", which are used to calculate average in
11648: This Python script calculates the value of an expression using four given constants and two variables. The result is stored into 'avail' variable, which
11649: This script takes three arguments and returns the second one as output. It also handles cases where there are less than two inputs by returning empty lists in such
11650: This function returns the shade of gray that is equivalent to RGB color values given as input parameters, which are interpreted in terms relative brightness from black(R
11651: This function checks if the input number is divisible by 10. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending
11652: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11653: This line of the given Python script returns an output string that is concatenated with another piece ("date") to form 'After:' followed by current system
11654: This Python script calculcualtes the error rate between two models by comparing their corresponding sets of logic functions using an averaging method based on absolute difference
11655: This line of the given Python script is returning 'datum' from an object called "schema" which contains key named as symbols.  It seems
11656: Return JSON object with id and last modified timestamp. Bundle information about the current user's account in an easy to read format using their unique identifier
11657: This function calculates the value of 'f' based on different conditions. If `t` is less than or equal to ‘τ’,
11658: This line of the given Python script is checking whether 'BayesianOptimization' object has an attribute named as its base estimator. If it does
11659: This Python script splits the string into list of characters, then filters out any character that contains word excluding from it and finally joins them back together
11660: This line of the given C++ program checks if 'num' is divisible by ‘x’. If it isn, then returns that number
11661: This block checks whether 'key' parameter has two elements in either format - as an instance or not; it also ensures that its value matches certain criteria
11662: This Python function returns an object with the type set to 's', bucketing information is provided in two separate dictionaries. The first dictionary contains bucket
11663: This function returns the text repeated with line breaks. The number of repetitions is determined by 'repeat' and each symbol used to create lines in turn
11664: This function returns the string '"'+_variableName.replace(" ", "_")  + '"'. It is used to format variable names in Python by
11665: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an independent variable value adjusted by 0.6% offset from its original position in relation to another
11666: This line of Python script is used to extract the "result", which contains two keys, 'code' and ‘message’. The function then
11667: This Python function returns the bin data structure with specified number of bins and default values as per requirement; it also includes 'bounding' information to define
11668: "Nesting Resource View" – Named 'get_{nest}'."   - This line describes what your function does, and how it
11669: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, one being square rooted by 'sqrt' and another not. The result is then divided to get
11670: Calculates and returns dielectrics coefficient at given wavelength in SI units using formulae from Physics Handbook by Richard Feynman, page
11671: This Python script parses the URL and returns only its last part after '/' symbol, which is usually used to get file name or resource identifier in
11672: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11673: This line of the given Python script is rotating an inputted value by one full circle. The function takes in two parameters, 'angle' and which
11674: If the input 'None' or not, return "Not available". Otherwise convert to string and append '/'.  This will be used in some functions
11675: This line of the Python script checks if an empty string is present within any element/element from given 'List' object. If yes, it returns
11676: This Python script calculates the number of full units in each time unit. It takes an input 'time' and returns it as Y, MO or
11677: This function checks whether the input parameters are integers greater than –. If so it returns their division result; otherwise return 'none'.  	Type
11678: If the length of 'key' is ‘one’, return value at that key. Else call function recursively with next level in dictionary
11679: This function checks whether the start and finish values are valid. It also ensures that 'x' is not negative, as it would result in infinite loop
11680: This function calculates the difference between two dimensions, and returns 'text' when it is greater than zero. Otherwise,'length of string minus its current
11681: This function returns the escape sequence corresponding to an ASCII value. The input is expected as integer and it will output in color formatting if possible,
11682: If the length of 'min' between two numbers is less than or equal to half, multiply them. Otherwise calculate their average and subtract one
11683: This line of Python script calculates the average rainfall rate over time. It takes into account that one unit is equivalent to 3,4
11684: This Python script reads from the provided BED file and creates an associative array where keys are sequence IDs. The values associated to each key represent
11685: This function checks whether the new column name with its corresponding index already exists. If it does not exist then return else continue to check until an available unique
11686: If the length of arr is less than two, return zero. Otherwise continue with calculation as usual...   [END] Code SummaryAUTHOR
11687: This function returns the appropriate string representation of an integer based on its width. If it' doesn’t recognize any, then return 'None'.
11688: This function takes an offset and returns the result of shifting it to right by 4 places, then left shifts again. The shift is performed using bit
11689: This function calculates the center of an axis aligned bounding cube in three dimensions given its minimum and maximum coordinates along each dimension as input parameters."
11690: This function calculates the value at point 'X' in kumaarswarmaiya distrubution with parameters "A" and B".
11691: This Python function calculates the cube root of an input number, but only when it's either float – TypeFloat. If not -
11692: This function takes two parameters, 'a' and ‘color’. It returns the sum of these values which is then multiplied by another value
11693: This function checks the class of an object and returns its size. It handles float types, int/unsigned integer ones as well bool or string datat
11694: This Python function finds the minimum value from an array. If no values are found, it returns '-' instead of 'None'.  It also handles
11695: This Python function normalizes the values of each column by subtracting its minimum value and then dividing it with maximum difference. It returns list comprehension
11696: This Python function returns the result of rock, paper or scissor based on certain conditions.  The first two lines set default values if none are
11697: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you should include your name and date here).
11698: This Python function checks the input parameters and returns an array of three elements. The first element is set to zero if "plus" equals one; otherwise
11699: This script is used to perform the task of creating an empty list.  It then populates it with data from two different lists, and finally prints
11700: Checks if the values of 'aunt' dictionary are equal to those on ticker tape 1D list/array with same order and length
11701: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. The result is calculated by multiplying all numbers from 1 to "N
11702: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The first number is subtracted from 1st and then divided by second to get resultant value
11703: This script calculates the top left and bottom right coordinates of two bounding boxes.  The first box is defined by its position, width & height
11704: This Python function calculates the value of 'output' based on some inputs. The input is represented by two variables; position and elements number which are
11705: This Python function replaces the tilde ("~~" in string format, with zero and slash "/". The result is returned as output of that
11706: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string or not. If it’ll be true then convert all characters to integer and calculate
11707: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11708: This Python script creates an initial string, then appends the current value of 'experiment id' to it. The result is formatted with leading z
11709: If the value of 'isnot finite' returns false, return one less than its current numerical representation; otherwise do nothing and just keep returning original number
11710: This Python function checks whether the input string can be converted to either true or false, and returns them as Boolean values accordingly using an IF/ELIF
11711: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether two variables are equal or not and returns either '1' when they match, else
11712: This Python script checks whether the JSON object has 'input' key. If it does exist then check its type to be either str or int; otherwise
11713: This function calculates the perimeter of an rectangle by adding twice its length and two times it's widht. The result is then returned as
11714: This line of the program checks whether 'i' is divisible by either three nor five. If it does, then add that number to sum and
11715: This script creates an empty dictionary to store the results of parsing through lines from `knownHostLines` file which contains information about different types/
11716: This Python function checks whether the input integer 'number' corresponds to an index of one less than some specific position. If it does not correspond with any
11717: This function takes in the name of an object and returns its property as string.  The returned value is prefixed with 'property_'.   Example
11718: If b is greater than or equal to 'a', return positive one. Else, it returns negative on and zero in the end as they are
11719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11720: This function checks if the input 'Value' can be converted to an integer that also has positive values.  It returns True only when both conditions are
11721: This program counts the digitis in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking out one digit from right to left and counting them until there are no
11722: This Python function calculates the molecular weight of water given its volume and specific heat capacity at constant pressure, which is based on empirical formulae derived from
11723: This Python script parses an HTML document using the BeautifulSoup library to count nonempty text nodes within it; then returns that number divided by
11724: This function calculates the output size of an operation in convolutional neural networks. The formula is derived from standard mathematical operations and parameters are given as input
11725: This is an equation that calculates the complex number part of some function, which depends on x and log(τ₀), where π =
11726: This Python script counts the number of elements that are also present as keys from one list to another. It does so by iterating over 'K'
11727: This Python function checks whether the first character of each string in an input list is "-" or "return". If it's not, then returns
11728: This Python script generates all possible combinations of tags and their corresponding prefix/suffix pairs. The result is then converted to set, which removes duplicates
11729: This function takes in the path of an image file and returns its normalized version, ie., it removes any leading/trailing whitespace or special
11730: This program calculates the surface area of cuboids from an input file containing dimensions separated by newlines, and then sums them up to get final result
11731: This function returns an integer based on the difference between 'result' and another number, with different return values depending upon how close that other numbers is.
11732: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11733: This program counts the number of odd numbers in an inputted list. It starts with setting 'count' to zero and then continues until all elements have
11734: 从解析的标签配置中获取名称和信息。验证类型、预期值以及输入/输出数量等条件是否满足
11735: If 'jsonData' contains the key, return its value. Otherwise it returns an error message "_ID".  This is used to get either data
11736: This Python function takes in an input of type 'string' and returns the same as it is, but with each word capitalized individually using list comprehens
11737: This Python script generates the rounded frequency list. It takes an input of 'numbers' and returns their corresponding rounding to ‘number’ decimal
11738: If the variables 'var' are not specified, return an empty string. Otherwise concatenates and returns them with '/'.  This is used to handle
11739: This Python function counts the number of digits present within an input value string, similar to how you would do it manually with basic arithmetic operations but
11740: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between three points in 3D space using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result, which
11741: Updates the configuration with new inputs from an input map and returns it back as is, without any changes if no updates are made or when there'
11742: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its present price and expected future growth rate. The formula is derived from financial mathematics, where '
11743: This Python function takes an input list of characters, converts each character to its Unicode value and sums them up. It then uses the result as
11744: This line of Python script joins all elements in the tuple into one string with each element separated by '.' character using map and str functions respectively to convert
11745: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers divided by their sum. It checks whether input variables are lists with more than 1 element of type
11746: This Python function takes as input an ordered list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements - the first is integer representing timestamp while second element represents
11747: This script is used to create an Azure Load Balancing resource" ..., "in the specified subscription and creates it in your current environment."
11748: This Python function calculates the number 'np' that is needed to represent an array using only one ring. The while loop continues until it finds such
11749: This function will return the value of one cell in 3x4 matrix. The input is row and column numbers, starting from zero respectively which are
11750: This Python script splits the string into three parts, then uses these to create dictionaries from each of those sections and returns them as lists within another
11751: This function checks whether the given 'key' is present or not. If it exists then deletes that from dictionary else returns true indicating no action was
11752: This line of the script checks whether there is an occurrence ('\t') or not. If it finds one, then assigns that character to del
11753: This Python script takes an input 'signal' and rearranges the even blocks of it into two groups with one middle value each to create some form
11754: This function checks whether the number is between 0 and one. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or else returns an error
11755: This Python function takes an input string and splits it into individual characters, then joins them together with spaces. If the last character is not followed by
11756: This Python function checks the value of 'control\_value' and returns different lists based on its content. The first list contains options related to log,
11757: This Python function checks if the letters of one word can be rearranged to form another by using only from given Magazines and Ranoms notes
11758: Trims leading and trailing spaces from string or lists of strings. If the input isn't either an instance/string nor List type then it
11759: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
11760: This Python script generates an object from the dictionary of dictionaries. It uses list comprehension to create and returns new dict with keys as "Input_
11761: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11762: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11763: This python script is used to compare two lists of orders. If the order in 'taken out' list matches with an item from "Served Or
11764: This script is used to replace the equipment type of an HVAc system. It checks if there are any systems that need replacing, based on certain
11765: This function reverses the inputted String. It iterates over each character of 'original' and prepends it to another empty "reverse
11766: Handle incorrect number of arguments in the function call or argument value is not valid; raise an exception if it's invalid and provide appropriate error message to
11767: This Python script reads an input data, divides it into multiple layers of the specified width and heigth. It then creates such layered images
11768: This function converts the input unit from kilobytes to bytes, based on its value and type ("KB",	"MB" or 'GB
11769: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the same length as `input`'s list and then fills it according to each term from '
11770: This function calculates the average of two points in 3D space using linear interpolation between them as part one and another point on either side to
11771: This line of the given Python script checks whether or no there is an "?" character present within URL. If it does, then return empty dictionary;
11772: This function looks at the command line arguments and returns index of first argument that is '-' followed by 'd'. If no such arg exists, it
11773: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or not and returns the same as long with added comments at start/end of each
11774: This function multiplies the input by an hourly conversion rate, which is divided into three parts to account both of minutes and seconds in each calculation step
11775: This function returns the result of adding 1 to its input. It's an example demonstrating how Python can be used in simple arithmetic operations
11776: This program takes an integer input and breaks it down into individual digits, then returns the list of these numbers in reverse order as output from function "
11777: This Python script defines the radius of an object given its initial and final radii, as well it checks whether or nor that inputted value falls within
11778: This Python script calculates the value of 'y' based on an input number, and it uses binary operations to minimize computations by avoiding unnecessary calculations
11779: This Python script creates an array of relative start positions based on the given list 'blocks'. The size and positioning are determined by input parameters.
11780: If the number of 'bit' is one, return an equivalent boolean value. Otherwise shift and mask to create integer with specified bit count in front then
11781: This function returns the value of flags and then shifts it to right by three places. The result is converted back into an integer using floor() which rounds
11782: This Python script converts the input sequence into its Unicode representation. The output is then stored as string 's'.  It uses formatting to
11783: This Python script checks whether the given file is either 'metadata' or compiler related files and returns specific information based on that condition, else it will return
11784: If the 'Shift' is 1 or less it returns an Integer. Otherwise shifts left by given amount and then converts to Int32 type
11785: This line of the script is setting two variables, "current" and 'Next', to their respective values from dictionary keys.  The first variable holds
11786: This function converts the input string to either 'Global Setup', ‘Teardonw’, or one of its variants depending on whether it
11787: If the date of interest is not within range, return false. Else check whether it's in between two dates or outside both ends and then
11788: This Python function calculates the value of 't' in relation to itself, then multiplies it by three and subtracts twice its current val
11789: This function checks whether the coefficient of an object is trainble or not by checking two conditions - 1st one to see that it's attribute
11790: Finds the first number that satisfies condition 'a*x modulo n equals to one' where "n" is given. This program uses br
11791: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses list comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays/lists and then stores them
11792: This function generates the filename of an output file based on some parameters. The name is prefixed with 'noisey' and then followed by whatever parameter
11793: This Python function checks whether the given pair of brackets is valid. It returns true when it encounters opening or closing parentheses, else false
11794: If the string starts with "@{", return everything after it, else just keep original name as is – ie., remove '{', ':
11795: Increments the 'month' variable by 1, and resets it to one when its value reaches twelve. It also incrememnts an
11796: This script calculates the minimum and maximum of each column across multiple lists. It assumes that every list has equal number points, otherwise it will throw an
11797: This function calculates the number of rings in an array. If there are no elements, it returns one; otherwise return four times that value plus on
11798: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an approximate number that represents how many seconds have passed since January, year zero. It's based
11799: This line of the given Python script splits an input string by "/" and returns second part after splitting, which is basically returning URL's domain
11800: This function takes an input 'number' and checks whether it’s of type string. If yes then the output will be two halves split from
11801: This Python script creates an object called 'ROH' that maps the values of two lists to each other. The first list is used as keys,
11802: This Python function encrypts the input string using Caesar cipher with given shift "key". It uses ASCII values of characters to perform encryption and
11803: This function takes in the string, and replaces all uppercase letters with an underscore followed by lowercased version of that letter using Python'
11804: This function checks whether the given coordinates fall within an interval. The intervals are defined by two points, with one point being inclusive of both ends; otherwise
11805: This Python script splits the input string 'x' into lines, converts each line to an integer and returns them as list of integers using List
11806: This Python function replaces certain characters in the string with nothing, effectively removing them from it using regex operations on strings like replace() method of python'
11807: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level by using recursion to handle the nesting of sublists within it
11808: This function checks the type of an input and returns either 'Stock', or, in case it's not stock but is part product then return
11809: This function checks if the given string starts with either 'module.' followed by any alphanumeric characters, OR it is exactly equal to "module
11810: If the given 'value' is within range [lower,upper], return it. Otherwise calculate difference between two values to determine which one has smaller distance
11811: This Python function converts the input into its string representation. If it's none or boolean type then returns as integer else return original value in case
11812: This Python function calculates the heat flux in one dimension using an input of mass density, phi and z. The result is then returned as '
11813: Returns '++' if i is 0, else returns '-'. This function checks the value of an integer and determines whether to append or prepend
11814: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an array with each element being one tenth greater than its corresponding input in 'dB'. The function
11815: This Python script splits the given string of molecular names by semicolon and then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each resulting substring
11816: This Python script uses the assert statement to check if two lists have exactly 6 elements. If not it raises an AssertionError with appropriate error message
11817: Returns the first 10 characters of 'match_da' in string format. This is equivalent to Python’s slicing operation on strings,
11818: This function returns whether the first number is greater than second.  It does not take any parameters and only has one output, which will be either true
11819: This line of Python script returns the range from 'v0' to ‘’d in steps equal by one. The result is converted into List
11820: ", "")  # Remove the word 'summary:' from start of string, if it exists in Python's str class method replace() is used
11821: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in all lists combined. The 'list' function is used to convert these into one long unordered sequence
11822: This Python script converts an input list of integers into the corresponding UTF − encoded string using 'bytes' and decode methods in python language
11823: This function calculates the minimum value of two numbers, 'f_min' and an integer number given by another variable named "n" which is
11824: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11825: If the 'risk level' is ‘zero’, it returns string `“non eligible”. Otherwise - depending on its value from zero
11826: This python script calculates the proportion of missing exonic elements based on their length and number within each coding sequence from an input list "missing"
11827: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an area defined by its geometric transformation. The size is determined based on how many cells are in
11828: A dictionary that maps numeric codes to abbreviations of countries. The keys are the country's numerical representation and values represent their corresponding abbrev
11829: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
11830: An empty list is created and returned. This can be used as the initial output in any algorithm that requires an array to start with no elements yet,
11831: This function calculates the x and y coordinates of two points in pixels based on an angle relative to horizontal axis using trigonometric functions with respectiveness
11832: This Python script creates an alias dictionary from the column configuration data using 'alias' as key and list of columns to which it is associated with under that
11833: If the input list "sp" does not exist or it's empty then return an error message else join all elements of that array into one string
11834: If the name of VRF is either 'Global' or starts with letter G, it returns default. Else -> Return original value from function
11835: This Python function takes an array of numbers, converts them to strings and concatenates all the string elements into one single line. The result is then
11836: This line of the given Python script returns first two characters from 'text'.  It's similar to string slicing in other languages. However,
11837: This function calculates the largest product of 'series' numbers from an input number. If there are less than "Series" digits present then it
11838: Scales the variables 'x', and keeps their values. The function returns three results - first is scaled version of variable "y", second one'
11839: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'on Travis CI' exists with value of True; If it does then prints out that its running
11840: This function filters out the faculty from given list of dictionary entries.  It uses Python's built in lambda and map functions to achieve its goal
11841: This function checks whether the first three characters of an input string are 'one hundred forty'. If so, it returns true. Otherwise false is returned as
11842: This Python script attempts to load JSON data from the given string, if it fails then returns 'True'.  The function is expected in order of execution
11843: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on spaces, and if it finds any part that is numeric at its end of sentence or
11844: This Python function filters entries from the 'source' list based on specified keys ('fields'). It creates new dictionaries with only those key/value pairs
11845: This function checks the first 3 characters of 'x' to see whether it is either chro or Chrom, and returns an appropriate version in
11846: If the length of two lists are not equal then return false. Otherwise compare each pair and returns true only when all pairs match else it will go to
11847: This is the recursion of Fibo series. It's an example to understand how it works in Python programming language, where we use "
11848: This Python function raises an error when the input 'X' is not greater than zero, and then calculates its logarithm base two using math library
11849: This Python function returns an empty list when both input lists are equal, otherwise it creates and return the difference between two given arrays/lists as new array
11850: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
11851: Checks if the input 'string' contains both lower and upper case letters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false or nil respectively depending
11852: This function checks whether the first character of string `t` is equal to another. If it's not, then return True; otherwise - returns
11853: If the least significant bits of 'val' are all set, then return val unchanged. Otherwise subtract one with power equal to numberOfBits
11854: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11855: This line of the given Python script is returning "notebook" cell's source.  It seems to be extracting and displaying information from that
11856: Returns the second batch of data from 'metadata' list.  This is useful when you want to access specific pieces or subsets in your dataset, such
11857: This Python script returns the file's path and its corresponding extensions, separated by an underscore "_". If there is no dot in filename it will
11858: This Python function finds the maximum value of an array or nested lists. It uses 'float("−infinity")' to initialize as smallest possible
11859: Checks if the string "s" is empty. If it'is, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what happens next
11860: This function returns the closing price of an asset, but it also takes into account whether or not to use Adjusted Close Price. If 'ad
11861: This script is used to clean the list of strings by removing any leading or trailing whitespace from each string, and then filtering out empty entries after
11862: This Python function converts the input 's' into integers and returns them as list of individual digits from left to right order if they are part
11863: This Python script creates an associative array or dictionary to map command line options with their corresponding functions. If the given argument is not found, it raises
11864: This function takes either the emojis's id or its actual value as argument and returns it, but only when there is no colon present at
11865: A Python dictionary that stores information about the test case. The keys are 'node_name', which represents an identifier of each unique unit, and other
11866: This Python function takes an input 'time' and adjusts it to be within the range of one week if outside, or leaves as is otherwise based
11867: This program converts an integer to its cubed representation and then sums up the individual digits. The result is printed out at last as per requirement
11868: This Python script splits the given timestamp string into two separate variables - 'date' and ‘time’ using underscore as separator which is
11869: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
11870: This function takes three arguments and returns two values. The first is the type of an "entry", which can be either integer or string depending on what
11871: This function checks whether the input 'Address' variable type in Python. If it’is of String dataType then construct and return URL using protocol ,
11872: Prints the row number and column name along with their data types. The value is truncated to 39 characters if it'll be too
11873: This function returns the file extension of an input filename using Python's built in 'os', and '.splittext()'.  It splits on
11874: This Python function takes in the root and extension of an input file. It then separates these into their respective components using 'split' functions if they
11875: This python function calculates the average torsional energy from an input dictionary of energies, with keys corresponding to different types or dihedral angles used by
11876: Check the length of two shapes and compare their elements. If they are not equal, return false; otherwise true after comparing all pairs respectively – Code
11877: This line of the Python script is concatenating string with an integer. The result will be 'workers1', ‘workser’, etc
11878: This function parses the input list and calculates total sum of all numbers found within. It also takes into account that each number is added to '
11879: This line of the given Python script is splitting string 's' into list using '_', and then returning first element from that split resultant array/
11880: This line of Python script calculates the proportion or share in CRM that is used over total available. The result will be returned as percentage value which
11881: This Python script calculates precision and recall from the given model's output using sklearn library to evaluate its performance on unseen data set in terms
11882: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns zeros. Otherwise - does nothing and simply continues to next line of program execution until end or
11883: This line of Python script splits the file name from its extension and returns only it's base part, which is effectively just "file_name
11884: Code is used to send an HTTP request and receive the JSON data from server. It uses requests library in Python which makes it easy, fast & secure
11885: If the module is 'sort', then it should always be sorted.  It will either count or bucket depending on what type of data structure to use
11886: This function calculates the value of r based on some parameters, which is then used to calculate another parameter p using an exponential relationship between them and returns
11887: If the 'configuration' parameter in function call isn’t provided, return an empty list. – [END] Code snippet to be
11888: This Python script checks whether the given 'language' field is present as key of dictionary. If it exists, then returns its corresponding value; otherwise return
11889: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionary objects and returns their values converted into lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that
11890: This function checks if the given programming languages are present within an array of known ones, case insensitive comparison is used to check both names and aliases
11891: This Python script is used to remove the first and last character of each string within an array. The resultant strings are stored back into 'svf
11892: ```python  # Code goes here. This is where you put your Python script or function definition, etc...  (n = 10
11893: This Python function calculates the angle of attack in an aircraft simulation game, which is 18 degrees less than wind direction plus another constant value to
11894: This function sorts the keys of an object and recursively calls itself on its values/sublists until it can no longer do so anymore; then returns
11895: Code is checking whether the dimension of matrix A divided by its splitting factor equals zero. If it does, then we have an optimal solution; otherwise not
11896: This Python function takes two lines as input and returns the slope of their difference. The equation is derived from standard algebra operations on points in 3D
11897: If there are physics skimming options available, generate the string with their names. Otherwise return an empty strin gif it's not possible
11898: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
11899: This Python script is used to add values from one dictionary into another and return the resultant updated first dictonary as output of function 'add_
11900: This Python function generates an array of integers from 0 to 'n' using the modulo operation and division method with constant values as described by user
11901: This function calculates the value of an equation based on coordinates. The coefficients are given as parameters to be used in calculation, and each coefficient is multi
11902: This Python script checks if the file is an audio or model, then it returns True only when its name does NOT end with .WAV/.B
11903: This Python function returns the string ' repositorie(x)' when it receives an input of repository, otherwise return original word with appended suffix.
11904: Code generates the string with IP protocol and its decimal value.  The result is then displayed in tooltip when mouse hovers over an element of interest
11905: This line of the script splits each sentence in 'text' into individual "words" using space as delimiter and stores them to list called
11906: This function checks whether the door status of an object in 3D space. If it's open, return 'Open'. Otherwise returns nothing or
11907: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract parameters from URLs that contain question marks and are prefixed with '?' character, then returns the extracted parameter
11908: This function returns the string '<Name>.py':'function_call'.  It is used to create an object of class <Class Name
11909: This line of the given Python script checks whether it's in production mode or not. If true, then sets "stoichiometric", otherwise
11910: This Python function raises an error when the input 'X' isn’t integer OR it doesn‘T have value >= than “zero”.
11911: This Python script uses regular expressions to find and return the version number in text inputted by user using regex patterns v(\w+).  The \
11912: This Python script checks the type of input and converts it to appropriate data types based on its content or formatting; otherwise returns original values as they
11913: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
11914: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements at even indices. The variable 's' is initialized to zero and then uses bitwise OR operation
11915: Code loops through all functions and applies the function to each variable.  The result is stored back into that same location, which can be used elsewhere if
11916: This Python function modifies the coordinates of an object by subtracting some translation vector from each coordinate. The result is returned as new list with modified values
11917: This line of the given C# program adds two integers and returns their sum.  The function takes in parameters 'int' type variables named "result
11918: This function returns an array with two objects, each containing 'friendliness' and its corresponding label. The labels are often ('Friendly') or rarely
11919: This Python function checks whether the difference between max and min is zero. If it's not, then normalizes its input value to fall within
11920: This line of Python script returns the concatenation or join operation between all elements in list.  It's essentially returning an empty string because it is
11921: This Python function calculates the square of an input number. It uses iteration to multiply each value in range 0 -> n, where '
11922: This function finds all nodes with the given attribute and its corresponding values within an arbitrary tree structure using recursion to traverse through each node's children
11923: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values of 'Contributions' that are not equal to ‘Score’ from another
11924: This function checks the denominator and numerators to see whether they are valid. If not it returns false otherwise true or an error message depending on what
11925: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word(s).  It is used to break down sentences or paragraph in Python programming language
11926: This Python function returns the integer part of 'n' by subtracting its fractional component from it. If result is less than 0, then
11927: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns "fat" variable. The value is calculated by multiplying 'i' with current values
11928: If the string is one character or less, it returns its own value in all cases.  This handles edge case of single characters strings and ensures that
11929: This Python function calculates the value of an energy equation based on some input parameters, which are not shown in your question but assumed to be present as
11930: This Python function returns the count of elements within an input list that are less than 0.9 epsilon difference from another given value, 'kn
11931: This Python function checks whether the sequence of parentheses/brackets is balanced. It uses two stacks to keep track and check balance at each
11932: This is an example of simple arithmetic operation in Python. It calculates the compound interest on investment with given principal, rate and time period respectively which
11933: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns power value by using math library's pow function, but it uses float instead which is not
11934: If the input is equal to "-1", return zero. Else, check whether it's "+/-/=" and one of them
11935: This Python function takes in two inputs - an array of tokenized sentences and their corresponding label. It then returns the dictionary with 'token' as keys
11936: This Python function reads the entire content of an open binary object and returns its length in bytes, similar to 'stat' command on Unix/Linux
11937: If the input 'Y' variable type inherits from Tuple data structure then return its first element. Else do nothing and output an error
11938: This Python script reads the 'annotated' data and generates one line of text that represents all shapes found. The output is then printed to std
11939: This Python function splits the input string by ':' and removes its first character, then joins it back together with ':'. The result is returned as
11940: This line of Python function returns the string stripped from leading and trailing whitespace characters only, effectively removing any extra spaces or newline/car
11941: This function returns the string representation of an object. The parameters are used to construct and return unique names that represent each blob in its layer, along
11942: This function returns an HTML anchor tag with the provided text and URL.  The result is formatted as "click here to [Text]" where "[TEXT
11943: This Python function checks if the three points are in order. It does so by checking whether each point is less than equal to its next neighbor, with
11944: This line of the given Python function returns three values by multiplying each element in list 'vector' with scalar value.  The first and second elements
11945: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components, excluding '.' and returns only second component as output string with '/' separator
11946: This Python script calculates the sum of all sectors within each unique combination found.  It then returns that value as "Total".   The result is
11947: This is an equation that calculates the value of y given x, A and B. The values are dependent on each other but also have some constants
11948: This function returns the string representation of an integer in different bases. It uses Python's builtin functions to handle various cases and raises exceptions when invalid
11949: This Python function checks the frequency of time in filenames using regular expressions and returns an appropriate string based on whether or not it finds specific keywords ("
11950: This function calculates the center of an object with given width and height.  The values are divided by two to get their centroids, which
11951: If the index is greater than 0, return "<Name>Fi#". Otherwise just returns <code's original form.```   Code
11952: This Python function sums up the integer values of all characters present within string 's'. It ignores non numeric and special character.  The result
11953: A 1D list comprehension that creates an array of rows by columns. This is done using nested loops, but it'll be more efficient
11954: If the entropy of 'reference' is ‘zero’, it returns string representation as None; else return value calculated from Mutual Information and Reference
11955: This line of the Python script filters out non numerics, commas , dots or other special characters from an entered string which is then joined into one
11956: This Python function generates and returns list of tuples where each tuple contains an integer value from 1 to 'max' with the step size being
11957: This program counts the zeros in an integer. It does so by repeatedly dividing it with five until there are no more numbers left to process,
11958: This Python script checks whether the input dictionaries are nonempty and then deletes all keys that exist only within one of these two given dicts from
11959: This line of the program is setting two variables, 'A' and ‘b’ to be equal values from an array named "coordinates".
11960: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using '.' as separator and returns them in floating point format if they are valid numbers;
11961: This function returns the string ' Hello ', followed by whatever is passed in as an argument, and then another word.  It's called with
11962: This function checks whether the input 'v' meets certain conditions. If it does and returns true; otherwise false depending on what condition was met by checking
11963: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
11964: This Python function modifies the value of 'return' based on certain conditions. If condition is met, it performs an operation; otherwise default behavior occurs
11965: Replace ' and & in the given string with appropriate characters to avoid errors or unexpected behavior during execution of your program, especially when dealing directly within HTML
11966: If the number of dimensions is one, return "Care denoisify in One Dimensional depth". Else it should just be care. Code
11967: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three and two eighth, which is equivalent to converting it from miles per hour into kil
11968: This Python function checks the value of 'scores' and returns one string based on its values. If scores are less than 30, it
11969: This is the function to calculate MU^(3/2). The equation used here involves division, and it's returning 'Mu
11970: ');  # Code is checking if the first character of each string in list starts with "//" or "#". If it does, then remove
11971: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
11972: This Python function generates an array of values that are within the range defined by 'plot_range' and includes both positive/negative epsilon to account
11973: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The goal and current point are given as tuples of three
11974: This python function calculates the mass of an atom given its atomic number and charge. The formula used is from nuclear physics, where it's assumed
11975: This Python function finds the closest number to 'value' from an array '_array'. It uses absolute difference as its criterion. The first iteration assigns
11976: This function splits the input string into three parts using space as separator and then converts them to integers in order of their position within brackets
11977: This Python function calculates the last digit of ‘x’ to power 'y' and returns it. The result is calculated by repeatedly doubling
11978: If the number is ‘zero’ or greater than one, it returns 'name' in plural form. Otherwise - just returning original string of `
11979: This Python function compares two dictionaries and returns the keys that have been modified. It also counts how many times each key was present before or after
11980: If the shapes are equal or one is of list/tuple data structure with same length as other.  Otherwise return false; otherwise true depending on
11981: If the variable 'right' is zero, return value of multiplication result with "left" else just divide and returns division results in one line using Python
11982: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11983: This script creates an array of the types present within notebook cells, returning 'code' if it finds any type and returns empty list otherwise
11984: This function checks the number of plotss in an array and returns different values based on that. If there are more than three unique numbers it will return
11985: This script creates an array of lists, where each list is the set representation and indexed by patient's label from their respective grouping based on
11986: If the difference between 'xa' and ‘ya’ is zero, return yba. Otherwise calculate an interpolation value using linear equation based on
11987: This Python function takes three parameters, multiplies each of them by the corresponding values from another 3 variables and then joins all these results into one string
11988: Returns the count of "one" in string. The result is always one because we are counting only 'ONE' and not any other word or character
11989: This line of the given Python script is splitting up an input string 's' into parts based on different delimiters and returning one part after another
11990: This line of the program splits 'value' into an array using space as separator, resulting in each word being stored separately within "words".
11991: If the value of 'neg' is zero, return "zero". Otherwise calculate and returns fractional part as result from division operation between two numbers;
11992: This function checks the name of variables and returns an integer value based on their names or conditions, as described above; otherwise it will return `maximum
11993: This Python script reads the data from an input textfile and converts it into float values which are stored within list "Coeffecients".
11994: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
11995: Code converts RGB values to hexadecimal format. It checks each color channel and if it's less than 16 adds '0
11996: This Python function calculates the number of bytes required to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise shift right operation, which is equivalent with div
11997: This Python function finds the overlapping and nonoverlapped time slots between two lists of tuples representing different meetings or appointments with their respective
11998: This function takes either an integer input 'int' as well the floating point number. If it receives both of these types then returns their square; otherwise
11999: This function checks if the input is either an instance of dictionary with given 'key' as its only element. If not it also returns true when first
12000: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'words' using space as delimiter, then removes any single character alphabetic characters
12001: This line of the given Python script is extracting "data" and its subkey '[''Target''']', then accessing that key in another
12002: This function converts the given value to binary and returns it. The 'base' parameter is optional which defaults as 10 if not provided in
12003: This line of Python function converts the given number in cents to eighth notes. The conversion is based on an assumption that one note equals approximately half
12004: If the previous value of 'prev' was not set, it sets its current to be equal with "current" and returns. Otherwise just adds up
12005: This is the function definition of quadratic equation. It takes two parameters, 'A', and returns their product multiplied by square root part in front which
12006: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12007: If the argument 'arg' does not exist, return false. Otherwise check each item of list by splitting it with comma and checking whether its value matches
12008: This Python script implements the forward propagation and backward pass of gradient descent algorithm. The parameters are updated based on their respective partial derivatives with respect to them,
12009: If the variable "natu...'s value, return an empty string. Otherwise it should be formatted as '-n{value}'.  The
12010: This function returns the number of times that word is split by separator in Python, using 'len' and '.'.  It splits on any
12011: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to n, which is equivalent with calculating half part and adding it up. The result will be
12012: This Python function calculates the area of three rectangles and returns their total. It first computes each rectangle' sidelength by multiplying its
12013: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from nested lists using the concept of "deep copy". The function is named 'create
12014: This line of the given Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from an input string 'enum'. The function is then returned with its result being
12015: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12016: This Python script creates an empty string called "answers" and then iterates over the input list of characters, adding each character to it.
12017: This function returns the first character of inputted text. If it is not an alphabet, then None will be returned as per requirement in problem statement
12018: This function takes in the name as input and replaces underscores with spaces. It then converts all characters to upper case using `titlecase
12019: This Python function retrieves the ETag from an object if it exists, otherwise returns 'None'. It checks whether there's any valid string in
12020: Checks whether two 3D coordinates are equal, and also checks the order of their z components. If either condition is true it returns false;
12021: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'qv' which is equivalent to delta p ref multiplied by volume building.  The
12022: This function returns the result of multiplying its input by sixteen. It's an example to show how one can write simple, readable and
12023: Checks if the first argument is an integer with length 4. The second element of that array should be either []. If not it will raise
12024: This function converts the string s to an integer, then returns it as floating point number. If conversion is not possible or if input isn't
12025: If the 'question stored in database', return message else returns error messages from db issues and general workings of system – one line version only using
12026: This Python script generates all substrings of the input string 'n' characters long from left to right and stores them into an output list called "result
12027: If 'value_a' is not empty, return it. Otherwise else execute the block of codes in line 3 and then go to end;
12028: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with key/value pairs from the 'values' input array using tuple packing technique to create
12029: This Python script append new period to the list, sorting it by time interval and removing duplicates based on index in case of overlapping intervals with
12030: This Python function performs various operations on the input integer. The operation is to shift left, add and bitwise XOR with another value in order of
12031: This line of the program calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points. The function takes in 4 parameters, each representing one dimension/co
12032: This Python script converts the coordinates of each point to an integer. It does so by iterating over all points and converting their x or y coordinate
12033: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the dependencies of each function. The keys are functions from 'steps' list while values represent
12034: This function recursively checks and modifies the input dictionary/list to ensure that it doesn't have any empty items after processing by removing them from
12035: This script is used to extract the source and destination of each Mount from Docker' containers.  It then returns these as dictionaries within an array
12036: This function calculates the area of circle with radius 'r'. The formula used is A = pi*R^2 where R=radius and Pi
12037: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from another nested dictionaries using the keys of both parent/child pairs as indices to store
12038: This Python function returns the regular expression pattern to match any string that starts with an optional non slash character and ends after one or more characters. The
12039: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from input list of strings using key/value pairing method where each string is
12040: This line of the given Python script filters out tuples from 'pairs' that do not contain any elements present within both lists/sets "
12041: This Python script creates an empty list and adds to it the dictionary {“key” : ‘name’, 'value':table_names}.
12042: This Python script filters out the specific type of .txt or any other text format from list 'names' and returns only those names that match with given
12043: This line of the function returns whether or not an input number is greater than halfway between two given numbers. It does so by comparing it to ((
12044: This Python function multiplies the input value by ten if it's less than zero, else returns an integer between one and tenth. If no
12045: If the set of cards has only one unique card, return true. Otherwise check how many different types there are in these 4 suits and compare it
12046: This function returns the atom count of each type present within an object. The output is formatted as string with all types and their respective amounts separated by spaces
12047: This function returns the result of bitwise AND operation on 'x' and mask. The number is shifted to left by variable "k" places,
12048: If there is only one element in the list, return that number of elements. Otherwise，return total count and end with 'commit' or ‘
12049: The function checks if the given matrix is zero. If it's not, an error message will be returned indicating that only matrices with zeros in
12050: This Python function takes an array and multiplies each element by the given scalar, s; it returns another list with these results as elements – i
12051: This script creates an empty list, then fills it with the names of each object within 'timelines' using Python syntax and builtin functions to append
12052: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12053: This Python script checks if the event is 'create network ACL entry' with CIDR block as ‘all networks’, action being allowed
12054: This line of the given Python function returns three elements from an input tuple, which are all defined elsewhere in that file. The order is as follows -
12055: This Python script calculates the average of two lists and returns them as one line output using list comprehension with an if condition to handle division by zero
12056: This line of the given Python function blends two colors by taking into account their RGB values and an optional blend percentage. The result is calculated as end
12057: This Python function calculates the value of 'tau' based on some parameters. The calculation involves multiplying alpha, beta and g with each other in
12058: This function converts the time in 1 hour format to decimal. It splits hours and minutes into two separate variables using ':' as separator
12059: If the list of points is empty or there are no suitable point to return none and sort them by coordinates else filter out invalid ones from these coords
12060: This function copies the given inputted 'matrix' and then performs some operations on it, depending upon certain conditions or rules defined by its logic within itself
12061: If the 'new' history is empty, return current state of "Old" History; otherwise update Old Histories with New Data and Return it as
12062: Copies the elements of 'b' into another list and merges them with existing data in "copy" variable. The result is stored back to
12063: This line of the script splits 'puzzle\_inpu' into lines, keeping empty strings as separate elements in output list if specified by
12064: This Python script creates two empty lists and then zips the given input into pairs of elements from each respective array/lists using 'zip' function which
12065: This Python function checks whether the input string `str` object or its lowercase version contains any of 'True', ‘False’,'Yes','
12066: This line of Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements in two lists v and ‘w’. The result is another one with these differences
12067: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves subtracting 'CROP SIZE' from image length, then div
12068: "Parses the input string and converts it to an ordered sequence of numbers."  # Add more details as needed."""  ```python
12069: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12070: This line of Python script creates and returns an array that is the resultant multiplication by k. The list comprehension iterates over each element 'x
12071: If the line is empty, it returns True.  Otherwise False or an error message depending on what happens in case of exception handling not covered by try
12072: Returns true if the argument is one of 'Yes', ‘Y’, or boolean values that are considered as True. Otherwise returns false/nil
12073: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12074: This Python script calculates the average of each row and checks if any one is equal to 5. If so, it returns true; otherwise false
12075: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary "Data" with key, value pairs. The keys are 'User', ‘Name’,' N
12076: This Python function converts an input of three decimal values between [0.x] into its equivalent integer value in the form RRRGGRB
12077: This line of Python script creates and returns an array/list from the input string, stripping each element to remove any leading or trailing whitespace
12078: If the string 'is empty', return it as such. Else, continue with processing...::END_OF__CODE; end if not equal
12079: This Python function returns the number of rows and columns in an input grid.  The length is returned as one integer, which can be used to determine
12080: Counts the number of common names between two lists.  The function is case sensitive and does not consider order differences, so 'John' will be
12081: This Python script converts the string 's' into its Unix character representation. It does so by creating an array of ASCII values using list
12082: Calculates the net income after deducting any tax or dividends.  The result is then returned as an output of function "calculation".
12083: This function calculates the centroid of three points in space represented by their coordinates on an array 'triangle'. The result is returned as another tuple with
12084: This Python function checks the given 'absolute' value of an inputted rotation and returns two strings - one indicating whether to move horizontally
12085: This function calculates the tensor product of two tensors, but it only works with ramans data and not other types or structures that are more complex
12086: This Python function checks whether the input ```traiN files``` are either lists containing string elements and returns their unique name components as output in one
12087: This line of the function calculates an error parameter, which is used in various machine learning algorithms. The value returned by it depends on parameters such as
12088: This Python script splits the genotype string into individual heterozygous sites and counts how many are not reference homologues or missing
12089: This Python script opens the file specified by filename and attempts to read its content into string format using "try" with exception handling mechanism in case of any
12090: This Python script converts the list of dictionaries into an object with dictionary keys and values.  It does so by using comprehension to iteratively
12091: This function checks if the name of an object is not equal to ' __ init _' in Python. It will skip over any objects that are considered
12092: A function that converts an inputted data time unit into seconds using the given conversion rates in dictionary format and returns it if found; otherwise return '
12093: This Python script takes two strings as input and returns the root of both names/versions by removing their first & last characters. The result is then formatted
12094: Return the information in JSON format.  The returned object includes description, id , thumbnails and title of an item along with its uploader'
12095: This Python function calculates the integral of y over x using Simpson's rule. The formula is derived from numerical analysis, specifically integration by parts
12096: This function calculates the number of times an object is detected in time. It takes into account both peak and non Peak detection, multiplies it by
12097: This Python function takes as input an RNA sequence, and returns the corresponding DNA transcription. It uses dictionary mapping to convert each nucleotide from
12098: This line of the function returns an index that is calculated by multiplying 'i' with number_of columns and adding to it, then adds on
12099: This Python function splits the input string into an array of sentences, removes one last element and then joins them back together with '.', adding another period
12100: This Python function calculates the value of g based on two given values, j and s. The formula used is derived from some mathematical equations involving three
12101: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns the same output as if it were to map each value of one key from another, but instead uses '
12102: This function checks whether the given response is valid or not. If it's “1”, then return true; otherwise false will be returned
12103: This line of Python script generates an array that contains the length or number elements within each list pair.  It uses List Comprehension to iter
12104: This Python script checks whether the 'body' dictionary contains keys like '_vertices', ‘vertext’, and/or any other key that
12105: This Python function returns 'Meaw' when the input is equal to cat, and else it will return woaf. 1/0 -
12106: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12107: This Python function takes in the 'meta', which should be an object containing information about some file or directory and returns its promoted/renamed version if
12108: This function generates the plot of 'Deep Tools', with different options to show. The user can choose from four categories - Plot Heat Map &
12109: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' or tuple isn’s an instance of it. If so - returns original value; otherwise replaces
12110: This function calculates the number of times an integer can be divided by three without leaving any remainder. It is used to calculate entropy in data compression algorithms
12111: This line of the program retrieves and adds up two bike counts from different sources, "sta". The first count is retrieved using get() method
12112: This Python script counts the number of malicious, benig and phisical files in different categories. It also keeps track on how many total file
12113: This Python function checks whether the input 'allowed' is indeed an element subset from another given collection. If it isn’t, then raises and error
12114: This Python function generates an array of values by dividing the given value 'val' with some formula, which is calculated based on its magnitude and position
12115: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation, removes the 'binary' prefix and returns bit length of that number using built in method .
12116: This python script calculates the sum of squares from an array, but it only adds to 'Score' if index is even and squared otherwise adding
12117: This line of the given Python script splits path into its components using '/' as separator and stores them in 'part'. The first part is
12118: This Python function checks whether an object `is instance of` integer. If it's not then tries to convert the input into Integer and returns that
12119: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as string or integer depending on its class; also handles other specific types like `None`
12120: This function takes in four parameters and returns the first two. The third parameter is boolean indicating whether or not there's an existing 'User List',
12121: This Python function calculates the difference between sums of absolute values from positive and negative numbers. It takes as input an iterable, but it returns only
12122: If the shapes are not of equal length, return false. Otherwise check each element and see whether they match (-> equals). Return true only when all
12123: This Python function uses regular expressions to search within the given 'text' string, looking specifically between two patterns defined by variables "m" and “
12124: This Python function calculates the value of y based on an input 'X' and returns it as part or full range from one to four point five
12125: This line of the function calculates and returns an average value based on centerlines' ids divided by their corresponding points count, which is then raised
12126: This function checks if the length of all occurrences in 'password' that match with given character is within specified range. If it does then returns
12127: Returns whether the user has read permission in group with id '{0}'. Formatting is done using Python's string format method.  If
12128: If the given 'obj' does NOT contain an entry with that name as its "Key", it raises and handles exceptions. It then checks to see
12129: This Python function removes elements from list 'f' that are also present as keys of dictionary `d`, and returns the resulting new key set without
12130: This Python function calculates the value of an input array 'c' and returns it as per given formula, where each element is multiplied by its
12131: This line of the script is setting up an object to be displayed in our game. The variable "scene" refers back into its parent's
12132: This function checks if the record's host name is 'fs_hq', which matches with its md hash.  If both conditions are met
12133: This command generates the GUID based on given parameters and returns it as list of strings in Python scripting language using 'cmd' variable – tmp
12134: This Python script splits the input object into individual strings and then converts each second character of these substrings to upper case. The result is returned
12135: This Python function converts the length in inches to centimeters by multiplying it with 30,687 cm/inch and adding
12136: This line of Python function returns the result when 'c' is raised to power and then ANDed with both numbers.  The first number in an
12137: This Python function takes an input string, `aString` and returns the same output as if it had been run through one of its many variants with
12138: This function calculates the pressure of an object undergoing elastic collision. The parameters are as follows, Ro = restoring area; V= velocity in
12139: This Python script calculates the average x and y coordinates from 'coordinateDictionary' which is assumed to be dictionary of points with integer values as their
12140: This function calculates the value of an option portfolio using recursion. If there is no options in portfolios then it returns NaTa as
12141: Returns the second element of dictionary "result", which is associated with 'Party' in JSON data.  This could be used to get information about
12142: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values based on differences between consecutive points in longitude ("ends['lng'][i
12143: A dictionary is created with keys "package id", “Resource ID”, and the value being an XML string. The function returns that dicton
12144: A dictionary of different types and their corresponding ranges in kilometers as per the given problem statement"  	    		    }'`; do
12145: This function checks the length of password and whether it contains certain characters. If not, return true; otherwise false or custom message depending on conditions met by
12146: Code snippet that creates dictionary of French months. The keys are the English month names and values represent their corresponding number in format 'MM/
12147: This Python script splits the input string into list of numbers or number/number pairs using "," as separator and then generates an iterable from
12148: This Python function checks the given 'emotion' and returns either POS or NEG based on whether it is joy, trust etc. It also
12149: This is just one line description of what it does, in simple English."""  Code explanation/documentation should be provided here if necessary to explain how
12150: This line of the Python script multiplies 'M' by two and then calculates energy consumption based on it, which is calculated as M times K
12151: This Python function calculates the three values based on given inputs. The first value is calculated as 'dd/e' divided by two and second one
12152: Code: T=float("Inf") minT=  "No solution" maxVmLenghth is 3, return ["Not possible
12153: If the URL is root, it returns "Index". Else check whether there's any dot in string and just keep that as resultant HTML
12154: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value in each subarray. The result is also returned as two separate
12155: This Python function calculates the mean of an array, with each value being subtracted from another. The result is then divided by its length to get
12156: This function returns the month name based on given number of days. It checks each condition in order and return correspondingly named months until it finds one that
12157: This function reverses the integer and then multiplies it by 3. It takes into account whether i is positive or negative, returning an output of
12158: This Python function copies the elements of an input matrix into another one, creating and returning it as output." --> Code Summary - "This
12159: Creates an HTML link with the given title and URL.  Code is used to create links in markdown formatting language, which can be converted
12160: If the total positive and negative examples are equal, return zero. Otherwise calculate precision by dividing true positives(TP)/total number of predicted pos
12161: This function checks whether the file extension of given filename is .fit or not. If it's true, then return "True", else false/
12162: This script attempts to process some JSON objects from the 'procData' list which may contain keys named either `adapter` nor  `versions'. If
12163: This function returns an object with the provided parameters. The 'identification' is set to be equal as input parameter and type of returned value also being
12164: If the value of 'cutoff' is less than 0, set it to zero instead and print an error message stating that "Cuttoff
12165: If the date of last modification is later, it returns that. Otherwise - manuals modified data – otherwise error message "Error" will be returned
12166: If the absolute difference between 'A' and zero is less than tol, return true; else check whether or not it’s within tolerable
12167: This function calculates the absolute value of ((b/abs(c)) – c). It's used to calculate how much 'discre
12168: This script calculates Beta Squares, which is used to measure how well an algorithm's predictions match its actual values based on their confidence
12169: If the string "?" is found in 'sas_uri', it returns original uri. Else, finds first occurrence of ? and replaces
12170: This function is used to move the bounding boxes of detected objects in an image. The parameters are as follows - initial coordinates(bbox), and
12171: This line of the Python script splits an XPath expression into its component parts, excluding any leading or trailing slashes and then joins them
12172: This line of the Python function calculates tax based on Gross Salary, which is multiplied by .3 as percentage to get Tax amount in
12173: This line of Python script splits the string 'otool' into its constituent elements using space as separator and returns first element, which is
12174: This function checks if the filename ends with one of several file types, such as .NIfTI (.niigz), or MHA/M
12175: This line of the function returns an index in 1D array. The number 'i' is multiplied by columns and then added to column indices
12176: This Python function generates all the first N natural numbers that are not divisible by any number up to its square root and then returns them as list of
12177: If liquidity distance is greater than zero, return 'text success'. Else check the next condition and so on until no more conditions are met or
12178: This function takes two numbers, 'a' and 'b', as input. If the value of "mix" is less than 0 it returns
12179: Implemented the functionality of removing table and figure captions from markdown files using python scripting." This is an example Python program that
12180: This Python function checks whether the input p can be considered as list or tuples. If it's true then return 'True', else check
12181: This line of Python function returns the integer value rounded to nearest whole number. It multiplies x by sixteen and then converts it into an Integer
12182: This Python function calculates the product of two lists and returns it as another list. If either input is an empty array, then return also be em
12183: This Python script checks the first two lines of an input file, and returns false only when these are identical to certain predefined headers or empty strings
12184: A dictionary of layers in the default readouts. The first layer is linear with 'n' atom basis as input and output features are half that number
12185: This Python function calculates the combined mean and variance of two given numbers. The result is returned as three values in order to be used elsewhere or printed
12186: If the last operation was not successful, perform an initial calculation. Otherwise use some form of weighted average to update our current estimate with new data and return
12187: This Python script generates the weighted sum of all elements present within an input list. The scalar is multiplied by each element from 'weights' and
12188: This function takes an input 'collection' and returns the corresponding value from another dictionary. If it is less than 3, then return string with prefix
12189: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its equivalent in Binary. The function 'bin' is used, which returns string representation
12190: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the given graph, where each node is represented as key and its value represents all nodes that are
12191: This function checks if the given 'company' is present within an array of companies. If it finds, returns true; otherwise false after checking all elements
12192: This Python function converts the input value to its percentage equivalent, rounding it off if necessary and returning as string with default '999'
12193: This Python script generates an array of odd numbers from the input number down to zero. The range function is used with three parameters - start at one less
12194: Generates list of elasped time from the given dictionary object with key 'summary' and value as {'status': status,'message', message ,’
12195: This line of the Python script checks if TCP flags are equal to zero. It returns True or False based on whether they're both set in binary
12196: This function changes the width and heigth of an HTML element to be exactly as wide or tall it is on screen in percentage units ("%").
12197: If the length of 'Project' is more than 12 characters, it cuts off and returns part or all but first ten letters. Otherwise return
12198: This function takes as input the string noun, and returns 'the' or an appropriate prefix depending on whether it starts with vowel sound. If no
12199: If the input is an open parenthesis, increment by 1. Else do nothing and simply output 'floor'.   [END] Code sn
12200: This function returns the string representation of an input value in dictionary 'filenames'. The keys are resolutions and values represent different file names with these resol
12201: This Python function generates an HTTP header that contains the alternate URIs and their corresponding MIME types from given pairs of URI/MIMETYPE
12202: This Python function converts string to integer or returns the original value if it's not possible. It uses exception handling mechanism in python which is similar
12203: If the given value is equal to either of two bounds in between them then it returns none. Else return both left and right boundaries as per their
12204: If the input 'x' does not exist, return null; otherwise replace certain characters in string and then returns it as output – replaces back
12205: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12206: This line of the given Python script sums up all elements in 'metafeature' list where second element ('str') and third one are present. The
12207: This function calculates the area of intersection between two boxes. If there is no overlap then it returns zero else return width*height if they have any
12208: This function takes in an input string of digits and checks if it is 9 characters long. It removes any dashes or parentheses from
12209: If the variable yam is empty, return True. Otherwise it returns False or throws an error depending on what happens in case of exception handling done by
12210: This function calculates the digital root of an inputted integer. It does so by raising each digit to its power and then adding them all together in
12211: This Python function takes an integer n as input and returns the number of times that '1' appears consecutively within each row, column or diagonal from
12212: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12213: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
12214: This function calculates the total seconds in time by multiplying an input of hours, minutes and second with their respective fractions to get more precise results
12215: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the values from 'passes' list. The key is derived by using value of
12216: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12217: Imports the 'json' module and creates an object with some data to be converted into JSON format using dictionaries in Python language as input; then
12218: This line of Python script calculates the absolute difference between each element in 'list' and ‘position’. The result is then returned as an
12219: This function condenses parentheses within the input string. It uses an integer variable "t" to keep track of open and closed brackets,
12220: This Python script filters out the specified extensions from given list of filenames using if condition and appends to new array 'filterd' only those
12221: If the input string "description" does nothing and returns none; otherwise it splits "\r", then reverses its order to get rid of unnecessary
12222: Checks if an object is CUDA compatible. --> Code Summary : Checking whether the given Python Object or any of its attributes have
12223: If the list has less than 2 elements, return an empty string. Else check whether second element is 'MODULE' or not; then it
12224: This Python function creates and returns an empty ‘N x M’ matrix filled with "*". The number of rows is determined by the variable '
12225: This Python function calculates the average x and y coordinates from an inputted 'CoordinateDictionary' object which is assumed to contain points on 3
12226: This function returns the string 'no_answer' if no arguments are passed to it. (...rest of your description here...)
12227: This Python function returns an integer based on the comparison of two numbers. If 'x' is less than, equal to or greater that number then it
12228: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12229: This line of the given Python script splits 'puzzle' into rows using '\n', then it returns length/counts number os characters
12230: This Python script splits the JSON string into separate strings based on newlines, then filters out any commentary ("return" and "/*...*/
12231: This Python function converts the given sequence of nucleotides from Dna to RNAs. It uses dictionary mapping and list comprehension, which
12232: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed. It does not reverse "\r\t" or any
12233: If the user isn't logged in, return 'None'. Otherwise display their username as part of response data – "User Name" : <
12234: This function returns True if the input is 'true', and False otherwise. It's used to check whether an object in Python can be considered as
12235: Throw an error when the input is less that one.   [x] Corrected by adding else statement in place of throwing exception and using
12236: This Python script raises an error when it encounters invalid indices. The function checks whether the provided indexes are valid, and throws appropriate errors in such cases
12237: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12238: This script checks whether the file name ends with '.fasta'. If it does, then changes '/./' in filename to just '/', and
12239: This Python function counts the number of occurrences an element is present within another list. It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each item
12240: This function converts the given number of minutesto its equivalent in sixeconds. The result is then multiplied by frames per second
12241: If the total of all numbers in 'sum' is zero, return original array. Else divide each number by its corresponding value and store it back
12242: This function returns the first four elements of an input list. If there are less than 4 items, it will only take as many available in case
12243: This line of the program converts input string to lowercase, splits it into individual characters and sorts them. The result is then joined back together
12244: This Python function checks if the option 'Active' is present, then sets its value to either `True` or  `False. If neither of these
12245: This Python script filters out the unwanted entries from an input list of texts and their corresponding associated labelled data. The filtered output is returned as two
12246: If the job flow object contains an attribute named "enddate", return true. Otherwise false is returned as it does not have such property in its attributes
12247: This script checks if the given list of file/directory names exist on disk and returns true only when all files are found, otherwise it will return false
12248: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and returns an appropriate response. If input isn’t any traits but it has some elements then
12249: This function returns three lists. The first list contains the values of x and zero in that order; then it adds 'h' to get y =
12250: If the type of error is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns ratio between total true positive rate(TPR)/total false negative rates
12251: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12252: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' that are divisible by either "a" or both, but not necessarily
12253: This Python function calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplies it by 3/4 and adds one more number to make sure that result is
12254: This function checks the type of input and returns 'None' when it isn’t string; otherwise depending on whether URL starts with “http[
12255: Checks whether the given string contains "res" or any of its variants. If it does, returns True; otherwise False – based on which
12256: This Python function calculates the next power of 2 that is greater than or equal to 'input' number "`return `". It does so
12257: This Python function takes two intervals and returns the minimum of them along with their maximum. It uses builtin functions to find these values in one line using
12258: Replace underscores with spaces and convert the string to uppercase using Python's built in functions – Code is replacing "_id_" strings
12259: This function takes in an input string, strips it of leading/trailing whitespace and then finds the first newline character. If no such char
12260: If the distance is zero, it sets 'distance' to be very small and then calculates an exponential decay factor based on sigma & kAl
12261: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12262: If the data type is stocks, simply returns an empty list. Otherwise it will continue to execute as normal and add each item in 'input' into
12263: This function checks if the player's bet is within their available funds. If it isn’t, an error message will be displayed to them and
12264: This Python function counts the bits in an integer. It uses bitwise AND operation to find out how many 'SET' or unsettled digits
12265: This Python script replaces all "/" with hyphen and ":" to replace the colon in names, if found within string variable 'name'.
12266: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two conditions. The first condition is that if 'y' exceeds some number, it returns half
12267: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
12268: This function converts the RGB values to grayscale using specific formulae and returns it as Double type in Python language with precision upto two decimal
12269: This Python script finds the index of ':' character in string if it doesn't exist then return zero else find next occurrence after ':', converts
12270: This Python function calculates the value of an object at point P with radius R. The formula is derived from physics and it's used to calculate
12271: This function checks if the point is within or on one of two rectangular regions. The rectangle's coordinates are given as parameters, along with its width
12272: Returns the name of an object in JSON format.  The "return" keyword is used to output or display data from our function, and it'
12273: This Python script creates an empty list and then uses the builtin function 'zip' to pair up elements from two lists together into tuples of
12274: This Python function checks if the sum of elements within an array is positive and less than – or equal to zero. If it's not,
12275: If the two input variables 'i' and ‘j’ are equal, it throws an "error" with message No Diagonal Elements In
12276: This Python function checks whether the given value, 'val', can be either true or false. If it's not one of these two values then
12277: This line of the given Python script checks whether there is any element within 'x' that matches with an item from list comprehension. If yes,
12278: Code converts time in the format HHMMSS to seconds, or vice versa if no conversion needed; otherwise it returns error message with matched
12279: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
12280: If the number of atoms is greater than zero then return that value. Otherwise calculate and store in 'sum' variable an array with some values [...]
12281: This script exports the version and Docker Channel to environment variables in order that they can be used by other scripts or commands within your project'e docker
12282: This function finds the box with minimum distance to given 'point' from list of all provided "box" objects. If there are multiple such Box object
12283: This function is used to find all the patient records with same labels and return them along side of their corresponding groups within another list comprehension structure that calls
12284: This Python function checks the first line of an input string, and returns different results based on whether it starts with "return" or not; otherwise -
12285: This function takes in data as input and returns the same string with all first letters of each word capitalized. It uses map(), uppercaselast
12286: If the length of 'gues' is not equal to one, return zero; otherwise check whether all characters are alphabets and then either
12287: If the third point's y coordinate is not equal to bounding box’y coordinates, return false. Else check whether or Not both conditions
12288: This line of the given Python script is creating an array using list comprehension. The elements are strings that represent mesh and index values, separated by '
12289: This function takes in text as input and returns the same string with all underscores replaced by spaces followed immediately after. The first character of each word
12290: Checks the input string whether is valid. If not, raises an error with appropriate message about what went wrong; otherwise returns cleaned up version of that
12291: This Python script calculates the sum of terms in an equation based on input values. The epsilon, x and y are variables that need to be
12292: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
12293: This function returns the name of an inputted filename based on its content type, or 'None' otherwise – ie., it determines what kind
12294: This Python function converts an integer to string with leading zeros. The length of the result is determined by another parameter, which defaults as 4
12295: This function calculates the ratio of total cash, investment and receipts to net liabilites.  It'll be used in calculating credit risk
12296: This Python function calculates the value of Pascale's Triangle using recursion. The base case is when both rows and columns are zero which
12297: This Python function splits the input string into components using dot as separator and then joins them back together without first or last component which is returned along
12298: This Python function calculates the difference between four points in 6D space. The first two elements of each point are multiplied together, and then
12299: This Python script reads from the specified configuration and returns all journal entries in it separated by newline characters."  [END]  ```python ```
12300: This function returns the second element of each tuple that has 'NM' as its first item. If no such tuples exist, it will
12301: This function returns an empty dictionary when no parameters are provided or the parameter values in some cases return nothing but it filters out any nonempty string/None
12302: This Python script calculates the sum of all weights present within an array. The variable "Total Weight" is initialized to “zero” and then
12303: This Python function checks the type and content validity conditions. If any condition fails it raises an appropriate error message else returns back with validated data as per
12304: This function returns the publisher name and dataname in one line.  It's used to create unique identifiers that can be associated with different
12305: This Python function prints different actions based on the value of an inputted 'attibute'. It checks if it's one among four predef
12306: This Python function copies the input data, modifies one specific element of it and returns modified version back to caller with added experiment identifier as an additional
12307: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12308: Generates dictionary of values from the list 'targes' with keys as tuples consisting first element and second one being same but different string
12309: This Python script splits the input string by ':' and returns three integers from each part of split list, converted to integer type using builtin functions
12310: Checks if the given string contains any of "href" attributes in URLs, either starting with http(S), https or javascript and ending at
12311: This Python function returns the same output as its input, but it uses bitwise operators to determine which character is more common ('one', or ‘
12312: This Python function multiplies the input 'x' by 3 and then doubles it. The result is returned as an output variable named "out
12313: This function takes an array of 8 elements and returns the coordinates corresponding to each element in that order. The first four pairs are returned as if they
12314: This function returns the value of an operator based on its ASCII representation. If it's '&&', return two, and so forth... For
12315: A function that performs arithmetic operations on an integer input. The result is the sum of three terms, each multiplied by some value and then added
12316: This function returns the probability of observing an event based on whether it matches with current observed or not, depending upon its condition in Python programming language and conditional
12317: This line of the program converts Kilometers to CELSIUS by subtracting it from  = 0, and then returning that result
12318: This Python script reads data from an external process and transforms it into the desired format by adding some transformations to each value if necessary before appending them
12319: This Python function replaces hyphens and underscores in the input string with nothing, then removes specific prefixes from keys to clean them up before
12320: If the argument passed to function 'read_csv' or similar functions isn’t of data file format then it will return none else raise an error
12321: This Python function calculates the value of 'return' based on input parameters. The formula is derived from mathematical operations and it returns an integer result which
12322: Checks whether the given string is either 'truthful' or 'falsely'. If it’s one of two predefined strings,
12323: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12324: This Python script opens the file at 'filename' and writes data to it in one line using write() function of python standard library module called File handling
12325: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value based on ASCII values. The character is converted to its corresponding number using 'ord'
12326: The function returns True if the first character of 'line' is lowercase, otherwise it will check whether all characters in "line" are upper case
12327: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'CodonDict' as well those values which are lists of unique elements
12328: This Python function splits the URL into its components and returns them in order of appearance if there is only one component or else it just return that single
12329: This function returns the name of track based on its 'mode' parameter. If no match is found, it defaults to returning TRACK4 –
12330: This Python function tries to find the string "failed" in two different places within an input DOI, returning either all of them or only one if
12331: This line of the given JavaScript function returns an element at index 4 in array split by '/'. The 'path' is expected to be passed as
12332: If the year of birth is ‘code’, return true. Else false; otherwise it returns 'False'. This function checks whether or not
12333: This Python function calculates the closest Fareye number to an input value. It uses binary search and the properties of fractions in mathematics which makes
12334: This Python script is used to create models of rotor, torus & hinged rod. The function returns 'yes' when the model exists
12335: This Python function checks if the string of tokens contains an unbalanced number and/or parentheses. It does so by counting opening brackets
12336: This function checks if the point is within or on one of two given boxes. The four corners are defined by their top left(TL), bottom right
12337: If the variable 'epi' or any other object in your program has no value, it will print "No Value" instead of throwing an error
12338: This Python script merges multiple dictionary objects into one, using the 'dict' data type and its update() method to merge them all together as if
12339: If both the precisions and recalls are zero, then fbetascores is set to be zeros; otherwise it calculates FB
12340: This Python script creates an array of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents the symbol and its occurrences within another list called 'element'. It then
12341: This Python script deletes the 'supplier' key from all dictionaries within given list.  It is used to clean up and simplify large amounts
12342: If the variable 'Output' does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise replace all tabs in Output with spaces and then returns it as result of
12343: Returns the home page URL of PyPI package. 1/3 line version, no context or additional information needed to understand what it does and why
12344: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value from another function. The input number, converted to string and then sliced into two parts
12345: This function converts string inputs to boolean values. It accepts parameters that can represent true/false, integers and strings like the input parameter is checked against
12346: This script reads metadata from the given file and stores it into dictionaries. The keys of these dictionary are defined by "tags" list, while values
12347: This line of the Python function returns 'True' when input is either equal to or contains one outof two possible values, otherwise it will always be
12348: This script calculates the total costs of all nonempty animation keys by iterating over each key and its value, adding up their corresponding values to an
12349: A function that generates the card number of an ecommerce product. The parameters are "Cell Number", Surface Area, Impedance and Comment which
12350: This function checks whether the given string is empty or starts with '..' in Python, and returns true only when it passes these conditions; otherwise false
12351: This Python function normalizes the input list by subtracting its minimum and dividing it into range. It then returns normalized values as output of another sequence
12352: Code is returning the number one, which means that it's working correctly and has no syntax errors or logical issues in its logic to execute properly as
12353: This function returns an XML configuration string. The input is the given 'xml' parameter and it appends some text to its beginning ("&lt;
12354: This script splits the repository name into two parts based on '||' and then returns one of them depending upon whether it contains an occurrence or no
12355: This Python function returns the string '10' followed by three strings, which are all numbers and then ANSI color.  The first two
12356: If the function returns count of distinct values in list.  The result is returned as dictionary with keys 'result' and value being total number or unique
12357: If the input string is neither 'b', nor either of ['u','a'], and also none, then return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it
12358: This Python script prints out "Screenshot" in one line. It is used to demonstrate how commands work with GitHub Actions and its
12359: Code is returning true if the first few lines of an input file start with "dim ", does NOT contain any specific type keywords ("byte", long,
12360: This function scales the input x between 0 and n, where 'n' is determined by min/range of original data. The scaling factor will
12361: This line of the given Python script is adding 'raw html' to an existing string, which it then returns. The purpose seems clear - concatenating
12362: This line of Python script replaces all backslashes (\\) in the input string with nothing, effectively removing them from our output strings and preventing any
12363: Checks if all elements of s are in the same order as they appear, and returns True or False.  If not it indicates that there is
12364: This function returns the scores of player and computer based on their current game state. If it's Player’ turn to play then return high values(
12365: This function tries to convert the value of an object in string format, replacing commas with dots and then converts it into floating point number using Python
12366: If the difference between two points is zero then it raises an error. Otherwise return linear interpolation formula which calculates and returns value at point 'X
12367: This Python function takes an input 'name' which can be either of type string or List containing strings as its argument; it splits the given "
12368: This block of Python script checks the value in variable 'output_format'. If it's equal to one among four predefined values ("ts
12369: This Python function converts all the characters of input string to lowercase, then checks if any given 'threshold' phrases are present within that modified
12370: This function returns the result of multiplying its input by two and then subtracting one. The output is always an integer, but it can be negative
12371: This script creates an empty dictionary and iterates over each record from the input data 'records'. For every item found within that particular iteration of loop
12372: This Python function checks whether the input number is an integer or not, and then adds one to it only when its decimal part equals zero; otherwise returns
12373: This function returns the four possible positions that can be reached from current position in an array of coordinates. The movements are up(+y,-x),(
12374: This function checks the string input and returns different versions based on whether it contains certain keywords. It also handles multiple conditions correctly by returning only one of them
12375: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is multiplied by (-0,9*X*(X−1)). It'
12376: This function converts time in seconds to bytes. It takes three parameters and returns the result of multiplying them together with 3 constants that represent different
12377: This Python function returns two dictionaries, one with the component type as 'template sequence' and strands of both +/- in their respective regions.
12378: This Python script creates the necessary header dictionary to authenticated requests.  The authorisation token is added as Bearertoken in front of it,
12379: This function calculates the effective cross section ratio, k/(η*α), and subtract it from ‘efficiency’ of an electron
12380: This function takes an input and raises it to the power of 1/4. If its integer part only exists in one number then return that value
12381: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in an array except its first one.  It's similar to slicing but without using any
12382: Return an error message and status of 'Not Found' when the requested URL doesnt exist. This can be useful in API development to inform clients that
12383: This Python function calculates the frequency of an instrument in Hz based on its MIDI number and octave, which is then multiplied by some
12384: This function returns the file name with input reference and sequence names appended to it. The extension is also added at end of filename if provided else default
12385: This function is used to retrieve values from nested dictionary. If the key does exist, it will return that value; otherwise returns 'None'.  The
12386: This function checks if the longitude is within -180 and 180 degrees range, inclusive on both ends of its domain [−
12387: This script finds the minimum number of virtual machines across different cloud providers. It compares and returns with one provider's VM count as per their respective
12388: This Python function checks the input parameters, raises an error when they are not valid or returns some value based on certain conditions in another part of it'
12389: Returns true if the two arguments are not equal. If they're both 0, it returns false because in binary representation of zero is always '
12390: This Python script reverses the order of elements within an array and joins them into one long sentence/text using space as separator, then returns that
12391: This function flattens the given JSON dictionary by recursively calling itself on nested dictionaries and concatenating keys with specified separator before storing them into
12392: This Python script reads two files line by Line and compares them. It then prints the differences between these “Clean” & "Dirty"
12393: This Python function checks whether the input value `is instance of string` and converts it into float values separated by spaces in case that conversion was successful
12394: This line of the program assigns values from one list to another. The first 8 boxes are assigned with their respective lists' elements and then continues
12395: This Python function counts the number of overes and undes estimates from an input population with their corresponding estimated values. It then returns these three numbers
12396: This Python function checks the value of 'risk' and returns one out … in three categories based on its level, with specific conditions to return
12397: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12398: If 'verbose' is True, return "-vv", otherwise it returns an empty string.  This determines the level of detail in output from your
12399: This Python script creates an index of all unique terms and their corresponding documents they appear on, using the 'document' dictionary as input data structure to build
12400: This function checks whether the reference name is valid, ie., it's not empty and does NOT end with "/", starts/ends "./.
12401: Find the first occurrence of "::Char in string.  If not found, return -1; otherwise returns position."   :Int    }]
12402: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the solution object 'sol', adding each left hand side variable to its own unique identifier into
12403: This function removes specific usernames from the given contributor's lists, based on whether they are present or not within those two provided contib
12404: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation method. The function takes three parameters, two points and one time parameter 't'. It returns values at
12405: Return the values of specified keys from dictionary 'vol' or an empty string, but only when these specific key exists in it; otherwise returns nothing/
12406: This Python function returns the value associated with x in an inputted key from our defined 'dictionary' named as limiters and it is used to
12407: This function takes two parameters, concatenates them and returns the result.  It uses string multiplication operator (*). The first parameter is used as prefix in
12408: This Python script calculates the square of each number from list 'q' and then takes its root using sqrt function, returning that value as result
12409: If the input 'p' does not exist, return nothing ('None'). Otherwise replace all occurrences of two consecutive dashes ("---"), with
12410: This function returns the deep copied version of dictionary object in python programming language using 'import' and copying module from Python Standard Library, which is used to
12411: Prints the status of Canon' termination process in one line with its result as "{result}" if it is not None, else prints an error
12412: This function searches the input string 'text' to find and return any content enclosed within HTML tags "<>". If no such tag is found,
12413: If the string "date" does NOT contain an exclamation mark, return true. Otherwise it returns false or throws exception depending on context of program
12414: If the length of string 's' is less than or equal to given number, return original str. Else truncates it and adds an ell
12415: This Python function checks whether the limit 'Lim' has an infinite value. If it does not have one and its type either integer nor string then
12416: This Python function calculates the control points and their corresponding weight of each curve segment from an input list 'ctrlpointss'. The output is two
12417: Try to get the value of "db['ed_info']['qty_answered']" from database. If it doesn't exist
12418: Code performs arithmetic operations on two numbers based upon the provided 'operator'. It supports addition, subtraction and multiplication. If an invalid or unsupported
12419: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12420: If the value of 'Sat VP' is zero, set variable "rh" to be equal with its initial setting which was defined as an integer
12421: This function checks the type of 'input' and returns it in different formats based on its types; otherwise return as an array with one element only
12422: This Python function generates an indexing list based on the number of parts specified by 'numpart'. The indices are generated such that each pair is assigned
12423: This Python function checks the type of input and returns whether or not to compress files based on its value in 'compression' parameter, which can be
12424: This Python function calculates the RGB value of an image by taking into account its transparency. The source is multiplied with 'alpha' and then divided
12425: Checks if the second argument is greater than or equal to first one, but less then third.  If so it returns True else False; otherwise
12426: Checks if any value from the first list is present at least once as an element of another. If so, returns True; otherwise False –
12427: This Python function sorts an input list 'LL' using the insertion sort algorithm. The time complexity of Insertionsort is O((n^
12428: This Python script replaces certain strings within the URL with other specified string using dictionary mapping technique and returns modified version of it as output from function 'mod
12429: This function takes an attribute string and returns the corresponding dictionary of key/values if it is not na or empty else return default values as defined by user
12430: If the user has provided specific parameters to control data fetching behavior then these are used. Otherwise default values will be assumed based on whether 'None'
12431: If 'None' or not provided in the function call then it checks whether window size has been set. Otherwise sets default to fs value and also handles
12432: This Python script merges two dictionaries. If the keys are unique and one dictionary has no value associated with it from another then that key will be
12433: This Python function takes an AWS Resource ID as input and returns the type of that specific Amazon Web Services(AWS). It uses dictionary to map between
12434: This Python function checks whether the input values are valid. If they match any of three rules, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating invalid inputs
12435: This Python script creates an empty array and then iterates over the input data, adding each unique item to it if that's its first occurrence since
12436: This Python function calculates the value of an Excel column. It takes as input one character string representing each cell's content, and returns its corresponding
12437: This Python script combines all the text from an array of strings into one string. It does not add any punctuation or special characters, and it only
12438: This Python function calculates the Fibo number at position 'f' using recursion. The base cases are defined as 0 and ->
12439: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'health' and the value of "damage". It subtracts that amount from Health. If after
12440: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs by using dynamic programming. It uses an array "dp" where dp [i], it
12441: This function splits the input string into two parts based on an equals sign and converts them to integers or floats respectively using Python's built
12442: This function returns the last part of path after splitting it by '/' character using Python built in 'os'.  It is used to get file name
12443: This function returns an HTML anchor tag with the target and link as parameters.  The format method is used to insert these two values into our string in
12444: This Python script creates an empty 3D list with dimensions equal to the lengths of two input strings. It then fills up these lists using dynamic programming
12445: This line of the function checks if 'count' is even. It returns True when it finds an odd number, and False otherwise in Python programming language
12446: This function calculates the remainder of n divided by m, where 'm' is also called as "mod". The result will be in range
12447: This Python function returns the appropriate text based on whether or not an input is classified as hate, offensive语言或neiter. If no such classification exists
12448: Checks if the input value has exactly 8 characters, starts with "0x" or "#", contains only digits from range [3..
12449: This function calculates the area of triangle using given 'base' and its corresponding "height". The formula is derived from geometry, where an equil
12450: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
12451: If the input 'argument' equals to none, return an empty list; otherwise split and convert it into lower case using Python built in function "lower
12452: This Python function returns the index of first occurrence if value is found. If not it will return '-1'.  It uses 'enumerate' to get
12453: This function checks whether the string 'f' ends with ".tx[t]". If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on
12454: Code deletes the specified Flavoring object. Returns an empty dictionary and URL to delete from in format "/{object}/<ID>".
12455: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12456: This function takes an Int32 as input and returns the result of bitwise AND operation on it with "mask" which is '(int)'
12457: This Python function takes an attribute dictionary and replaces keys with the corresponding values from another map, using 'in' to check if each key exists before
12458: This Python function calculates the row number of seat IDs from binary space partitioning. The input is string representation with characters B, F and L
12459: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to variable 'b' an expression that converts degrees from 9 o’clock position
12460: This Python function finds and returns an index of 'p', which corresponds to one element from `points` list that has coordinates equal with given by user
12461: This Python script attempts to convert the input into an integer or floating point value. If it fails, then instead of crashing and printing "not_
12462: If the input 'object' does not exist or it’s of string type then return as per condition else format and returns date time in "YY
12463: This line of the given Python function is performing bitwise left shift operation on an integer value and then applying AND with mask to get only lower byte.
12464: This line of the program splits an array into individual elements using comma as separator and assigns them to 'weights' variable in Python programming
12465: This Python function checks the value of 'plm' and returns an appropriate string based on its values. If plmc is 3, it will
12466: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input and returns the sum of values associated with common keys. If there is no match between key from first dictionary
12467: A function that adds three constants together with the input as its first parameter."  [END]'  ```python`c = 10;
12468: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12469: This Python function takes two matrices as input and returns their summation. It uses list comprehension to iteratively add corresponding elements from the same indexed
12470: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
12471: Creates an object with value 1 and name Alice. The function returns true when called, indicating that the operation was successful without any errors or exceptions
12472: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two variables b1 and b3, which are assumed to be known beforehand in advance as
12473: This Python function takes as input an iterable of tuples and returns the same output but with duplicate keys removed. The values are summed if
12474: Creates an empty list of length 'n' with all elements set to ‘[0,’ followed by the number itself. The result is
12475: This Python script reads an input file and creates dictionary from the variables defined on each newline of that text using "var" as key to value mapping
12476: This line of the Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from 'Value' variable, converts all characters to lowercase using .upper(),
12477: A dictionary that maps the number of nodes to its corresponding element type in an XML file or other data structure used by PETSc/Fluent
12478: This Python function checks whether the inputted variable 'string' or its value, when converted to lowercase and trimmed of leading/trailing whites
12479: If the given object does not have an associated "action" attribute, return its first and second attributes. Otherwise it returns their values in string format separated
12480: This function checks the length and average value in an RGB/RGBA colorspace. If it's four elements long, then returns true only
12481: If the patient's condition is healthy, it returns 'Healty'. Otherwise depending on their current state of wellness level they are either returned
12482: Set default values to the Flask application's configuration settings, which are used by various parts of flaskext and third party extensions like W
12483: If the 'Content Type' string isn’t defined, return it as such without any changes to its value or stripping of leading/trailing
12484: This Python function calculates the coefficient of polynomial using dynamic programming. The coefficients are calculated by adding up two previous terms and taking modulo with 'p
12485: This function takes the name of Seamus and multiplies it by two. It's not really doing anything useful, but I can see that
12486: This line of Python script converts the input dictionary into another one, but it does not preserve any order or keys from original Dictionary as in python
12487: If the lengths of s1 and/or s2 are not equal, return False. Otherwise continue with checking each character in both strings one by on
12488: This Python function checks whether the input string contains any spaces. If it does, then returns an array of names with quotes around them; otherwise just return
12489: Checks whether the repository name is present or not. If yes, returns that repo's details else it will return None  Summary of function and
12490: This Python function returns two lists, the first half of an input list and second one is formed by slicing from middle to end. The length will
12491: "Returns the mean of x""""  (code_summary = "The function takes an array and returns its average.")```python Code
12492: This Python function converts the input into an integer or floating point. If it can’t convert and throws error when trying with different bases then raises
12493: A function that generates an IP configuration in the form of '<Protocol>://Address':Port.  Example, if you call `generate_ip
12494: This Python function generates and returns an empty string of length n. The value “'1’” is appended to the end, resulting from
12495: If the value of 'm' is greater than six, it raises an exception with message "too bi!". Otherwise ,it returns one shifted by
12496: This function returns the URL to access an API endpoint in XML format on your specified Domain name using version 3 of our service, which is currently
12497: This function calculates the ceiling of logarithm base two to an integer. It's equivalent in Python is "ceil" and it returns n rounded
12498: This function checks whether the input "color" variable has 3 characters long. If it does have three alphanumeric digits followed by two
12499: This function checks if the given 'Year' parameter, which must be an integer between -98763 to +/-  +++++++
12500: This program calculates the product of all prime numbers up to 10. It uses an array with primes and their corresponding exponents as input
12501: This Python function checks if the input is an integer or not, and returns True when it's true otherwise false in case of any exception occurs during
12502: A dictionary that maps numbers to chemical formulas. The number is used as the key, and its corresponding value in form of string which represents it's
12503: This function checks the case of each character in string 's'. If all characters are lowercase, it returns "LOWERCASE". Else
12504: This Python function checks the first two elements of tuple 'version' to determine which macOS deployment target it should use, based on specific conditions or defaults if
12505: This Python function checks the given 'label' against predefined list of strings. If it is found, returns string `Abusive`; otherwise
12506: This Python function returns an object with two properties - referrers and user agents which are both set to the input URLs respectively as values in their respective
12507: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with initializing 'i' to zero, then enters into loop where it continues until power
12508: This Python function takes in an input string, splits it into individual elements by commas and then sorts them alphabetically before joining the sorted list
12509: This line of the function is setting up variables and getting their values from keyword arguments if they exist or defaulting to "None" otherwise which means that
12510: If the length of 'indeXList' is greater than or equal to maximum limit, return all elements in list. Else append zeros
12511: This function checks the value of an input parameter and returns one outof several predefined values. If it is not among these, then return another
12512: This Python function takes four arguments and returns the result of formatting them into one line. The first three are floats that represent some range values;
12513: This Python script is used to set the necessary parameters in order that Kubernetes can connect and interact with. The configuration details are read from an external
12514: Returns the id of an object. 1 line only, no context or additional information is required to summarize it effectively and accurately as "return [
12515: This Python function converts the given 'block structures' into their equivalent character representation. It uses dictionary to map each structure with its corresponding char, and
12516: This script defines and returns an optimized dictionary of keyword arguments to be used with the Scipy's Optimize.minimise function, based
12517: If either of the variables 'x' or ‘y’ is less than zero, it returns an empty string. Otherwise - do something else with
12518: Returns the difference between each pair of elements in two lists.  The function takes as input both list and returns another one with all differences calculated from them
12519: If the rate of change is less than 3% and/or absolute value, then return None. Otherwise calculate difference between actual cost & risk adjusted
12520: This Python function checks whether the input is either 'True' or ‘False’. If not, it returns its original value as string type;
12521: This function checks if the current row of 'state' is identical to its previous rows. If it finds any, then returns true; otherwise false after
12522: This is an RGB to YCbCr conversion function that converts the given color values from sRGB space into CIE XYZ and
12523: This function returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of two bounding boxes.  The four values returned are in order, ie., minX_bb
12524: This Python script reads the 'env' dictionary and generates an ASCII art representation of its content. The output is then printed to console in one line
12525: Sorts the list of tuples by third element in ascending order. ... [truncated] ...   Code snippet
12526: This function flattens the given input by recursively calling itself on nested lists until it encounters non -list elements and appends them to an
12527: This function calculates the score of an object based on its distance from origin. The closer to 0, it is considered as more distant and vice
12528: This program simulates the game of "Towers" with three pegs and one disk. The disks are initially placed in ascending order
12529: If the variable 'A' equals 1 then it changes its value to be equal of two and returns true. Otherwise return false with an error message
12530: This function checks whether the file name starts with 'plot_' and ends in '.py'. If it does, returns its original filename; otherwise pre
12531: If the character "*" is found within any part of string, return that same value repeated twice. Otherwise it should just repeat whatever was passed to function
12532: This Python function calculates and returns two values based on an input variable. The first value is calculated as 'mu' plus one divided by another term
12533: This Python script filters out the cases that are present within 'to_filter' from list of all available unique IDs, ie., it returns
12534: This Python function calculates the weighted sum of accuracy values based on different types and sources. The weights are given to each type, which is then multi
12535: This function returns the quotient and remainder of val divided by two powers. The result is returned as an array in Python language using list comprehension or
12536: Returns the value of one when 'goal' is reached, otherwise returns negative zero fourth order approximation to represent not yet achieved or in progress state respectively
12537: This function checks the value of 'group name' and returns it based on its type or content, returning either no Team when there is not one ("
12538: This function returns the filename of stats file based on year.  It concatenates 'statistics' with given input and adds '.text'. The result
12539: This Python function calculates the linear and upper/lower bounds of an exponential decay curve. The parameters are as follows, where 'n' is number
12540: This Python function checks whether the input is an RGB color. It firstly verifies that it contains three attributes ('r', ‘ g’ ,
12541: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is returned as an integer, which can be used in other calculations or operations on these
12542: This function checks if the input value in hexadecimal format falls within valid range. If it does not fall into that specific form then 'False
12543: This Python script calculates the difference between two histograms and returns it as dictionary where keys are common to both Histogram objects but values represent their
12544: This Python function shifts the alphabetic characters of an ASCII string by some number, using cyclic shifting and wrapping around from z to
12545: This function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from cross product method to calculate determinant which gives us Area
12546: This Python function returns an AWS signature v3 string. It takes in the access key, scope and signed headers as parameters to generate its own unique "
12547: This Python function calculates the heat transfer coefficient based on specific gas constant, reference atmospheric pressures and temperatures in an idealized scenario where all g
12548: This function checks if the given input is an empty line. It returns True when it finds any of these characters, and False otherwise; ie.,
12549: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns its original form as is; if successful - converts and
12550: This Python script returns dictionary with keys starting from "[]" and values are the corresponding data points of 'rawData' object, which is an array
12551: This Python script checks whether the action of issue or pull request has been opened, edited. If it hasn't and raises exception with appropriate error message
12552: Code:\nexecute\ncode = [1,3]\nsolve_code(\'+\'::Char,\'-'')\
12553: This function calculates the final color by mixing two colors and applying an opacity. The input values are clamped to 8 bit range [min=
12554: Generates two lists from the given data. One list contains all "True Activity" values and another one - correspondingly with each element of 'dp
12555: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the result as per given condition. The task is to concatenates every third character from two consecutive
12556: This program calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to n numbers. It uses two variables 'la' and ''l'' as placeholders
12557: This Python function checks whether the input JSON term string has no characters at all; returns True when it does not have any character else return false based on
12558: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of an array that represents points within polygons on screen or other shapes represented as arrays with
12559: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12560: If the first element of `term` is an identifier and its value starts with "GO:" then return empty dictionary. Otherwise, continue to process further
12561: This Python script splits the input string into multiple strings based on new characters ("\\r", "<br>") and then removes unnecessary parts of
12562: This Python function checks the validity of an input string. It returns appropriate error messages when necessary conditions are met, otherwise it simply ignores them and continues
12563: This line of Python script returns the string passed to it with an escape sequence that makes text bold.  The \n character is used as well,
12564: Creates an egg file with the name and version of your project.  The build number is automatically generated by Jenkins."  ---> Code
12565: Create dictionary from properties of JSON object.  This is done by iterating over the 'data' json and creating new key value pairs where keys are
12566: This Python function calculates the total divisor count of an integer, including its factors and powers if they are also part or not themselves being considered as
12567: This script reads data from an XML file that contains information about repositories using the 'section' variable as input to create dictionaries with repository URLs
12568: This function takes as input either the ID of an embedded YouTube or direct URL to youtube videos, and returns only its unique identifier part after 'video
12569: This Python function converts the first character of each word in an input string to uppercase if it is 'j', ‘v’, or
12570: This Python script generates an array of strings from the dictionary 'duplicated' where each key is associated with its value as joined by commas and
12571: A list of six zeros.  Code is creating an array with the number '1' in it, which means that there are no elements
12572: This Python function counts the number of elements within an array that fall between two given values. The range is inclusive on both ends, meaning it includes all
12573: This Python function checks whether the given 'type' of data and returns true or false based on certain conditions met by an object passed as parameter to it
12574: This function calculates the precision and recall of an algorithm. It takes as input two lists - one with actual values 'y_true' which represent
12575: This Python script converts an integer to string, if the length of input is ‘one’ it prepends zeros. If not then
12576: This line of the Python function checks if an 'e'poch is divisible by ten, not zero or equal to nonzero number. It also
12577: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the "html_code". It looks specifically at an 'HTML' string that starts with < and ends by
12578: This Python script reads through the list of files, and if each file name is split by an underscore ("_" character), it appends that filename
12579: This Python function splits the input string on " T ", and if it's only one part, returns an empty str; otherwise return third element
12580: This function returns the index of an element within 'experience' list that is greater than or equal to "slayer" experience. If it doesn
12581: This function returns the tags as joined string.  It is used to display all available tag options in an interface or form field, etc...   [
12582: If "TRIGGER_TYPES"'s value is not 1, it multiplies the current string by an underscore and its corresponding
12583: This function takes in two parameters, 'value' and the parameter named "tolerance", it returns an output that is equal to input_val
12584: This Python function converts the first two characters of an UUID to hexadecimal and adds it at its beginning. The rest part is just copied
12585: This function calculates the remainder of division by 'pnx' and returns two values - one is obtained from dividing "pi" with respect to
12586: This Python function calculates the number of kilometers traveled per day given speed in minutes and distance, assuming an average human walking pace that is
12587: This Python function takes as input the “data” which is assumed to be an array of arrays. It returns two dictionaries with column indices and
12588: This Python function takes as input an iterable of sentences and returns two lists - one with the tokenized text from each sentence ("tags") found within
12589: This function converts the year into an index that can be used to access data in another list. It checks whether given input is within valid range,
12590: This Python script splits an IP address into its constituent components, checks if the number of these elements is 4 ("."), then verifies
12591: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces. It then iterates over each substring and increments 'i
12592: This Python function checks whether the input 'URL' or any other data type that can be converted to string. If it’s of URL format then
12593: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic right shifting operation on 'shift' and then applying bitwise AND with one. The
12594: This Python function checks whether the input 'plannin' variable follows certain conditions. The condition being that it should be an instance of List and its
12595: This Python script reads from the given networkx Graph object and returns all nodes that have data with title ' Input '. The result is an array of input
12596: This line of Python script converts an input into the desired output. The function 'list' is used to convert each element in that sequence/iter
12597: This Python script reads the peak intensity from each row of an input file and stores them into another list, 'lines'. The function then returns that new
12598: This python script creates and manipulates dictionaries to calculate the energy of fusions in eV based on reactant concentrations at different temperatures Tdd
12599: Code handles different types of walks in the model. Depending on 'walk' parameter, it calculates an expected value based off some parameters and returns that
12600: This function calculates the difference between two means and adds it to an initial sum of squares. It is used in calculating variance, which measures how much
12601: This script copies the original dictionary, removes keys that start with "emb_" and creates new dictionaries where only image related data is present using list comprehens
12602: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest one in terms length, ignoring case sensitivity when comparing them with each other using Python'
12603: Returns list comprehension that checks if each element x of the input iterator is equal to any string from an allowed set.  This can be used
12604: This function calculates the product of two elements in different positions from an array. The result is then subtracted by another element's value, which
12605: This function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other by counting the number and type/frequency differences between them, returning false as soon it
12606: If the value of 'e' is less than zero, it raises an error.  Otherwise continue with execution as normal in Python scripting language using
12607: If the variable 'None' or its parent block doesnt have an associated scaling factor, it returns "default". Otherwise return that value from within their
12608: This function calculates the total cost of an order, taking into account various factors such as Length and Width. The result is then rounded to
12609: This Python function takes in the YouTube video link as input and returns an HTML string that embeds youtube videos using iframes with specific dimensions to
12610: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns square value from 'circle' dictionary with key "radius". The result is multiplied by three
12611: This Python script implements the Needleman–Wunsch algorithm to find optimal alignment between two sequences of DNA or protein strings using dynamic programming approach with mem
12612: This Python script splits the input string into individual "tag" strings, strips off any leading/trailing whitespace and appends them to an
12613: This Python function checks whether the last two digits of an integer are in certain ranges. If they're not within these specific range it returns that
12614: This Python script compares two integer coordinates. It returns True if the first coordinate is strictly larger than, smaller or equal to second and False otherwise based
12615: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12616: ... ... 10/36,  4.789e+..'s yearly return on investment.'"
12617: If the URL does NOT contain "http:/www." or any of its subdomains, it will return 'None'; otherwise; remove all path
12618: This function parses an input string and returns the integer it represents. It handles both positive numbers with digits from [a..z] as well
12619: This Python function checks if all the lower case phrases are equal to their corresponding higher order cases. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned
12620: This function calculates the product of three parameters, where 'mu' is multiplied by an input matrix A and then scaled down to be inversely
12621: This Python script splits the output of 'mount' command and returns only first part after splitting by "on" or "/type". If there is
12622: This python function counts the number of occurrences 'c' within 3D array. The result is returned as an integer value which represents how
12623: This Python script counts the number of ‘part status’ values that are equal to "“one”". The variable `i` is iterated
12624: This function checks whether the character ""@" is present within any part of `placeKey` and splits it into two parts - what before @
12625: This script is used to remove duplicates from the 'q' list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents an API call and contains information about data
12626: This Python function calculates the value of 'doubled' based on two parameters, one being "singles" and other is called as double
12627: This function takes an input value, checks whether it's negative. If so the result is - otherwise “” and then appended with percentage
12628: This Python function counts the number of ‘ones’ or bits that are set to one. It does so by converting an integer into binary, and
12629: This line of Python script is creating an array from the 'enigma' dictionary based on its value. The resultant list will contain only those items
12630: This function pads the given value with zeros to make it have exactly `desired digtis`. If there are more than that, then only
12631: This function calculates the derivative of f(x), which is y = ax^n, where n=0. The result will be “
12632: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from 'location' dictionary, specifically at index 0 in "Exonic regions". The returned
12633: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12634: If the payload size of an IP packet isn't specified in its headers then it will return default values. Otherwise returns actual and remaining space after subt
12635: This Python script attempts to send the command through an established socket connection and returns either success or failure with error message if any exception occurs during execution of cmd
12636: This function checks if the string contains either no parentheses, one less than zero more of them and/or it ends with semicolon"
12637: This Python function converts weight from kilograms to pounds by multiplying it with the conversion factor of .93, and then formats that result
12638: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
12639: Check whether two variables are equal or not. If they're, return 'yes'. Otherwise - no answer is returned in Python language 3 programming
12640: This Python function flattens an array by recursively calling itself on nested lists until it encounters non -list items and appends them to the
12641: This function returns the string "title". It is used to generate an empty line. The number of lines in each output depends on how many times it
12642: This line of the Python function returns an abbreviated version ("Ex_") followed by input string and ending with ' e'.  It is used to
12643: This function returns the number of trailing zeros in an integer or float value after stripping off leading zeroes and returning only nonzero digits
12644: This function checks the validity of input parameters. It raises an error when any parameter isn't either integer nor floating point numbers as well whether they are
12645: This Python function takes an input string of numbers, and returns the value as either floating point or int. If no argument given it will return length/
12646: This Python script calculates the squares of numbers from 0 to 'num' and stores them into an empty dictionary. The keys are integers starting at
12647: This function checks if the input s can be considered as string type with length greater than 0. It returns True or False accordingly based on these conditions
12648: This Python function takes an input string of comma separated key/value pairs and returns the dictionary equivalent to that pairing structure using default values if no corresponding
12649: Returns whether all the elements in 'messages' list are not equal to string value of “Invalid”. If so, returns True; otherwise False
12650: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array. Code is written using Python language and it calculates total number by iter
12651: Code returns true if the input is an integer, else it will check whether or not there's any other type of data in its place. If
12652: Increments the image by 1 and then divides it in half. The result is stored back into 'image' variable, which can be used
12653: Generates an array of strings from the given URL.  It uses HTTP GET to fetch data and then parses it into JSON format."  ```
12654: This Python function calculates the collision time based on whether there is an object in contact with another. If no such event occurs, it returns default value
12655: “Defines the text formatting properties of an element”  ```python ```javascript ``css`'''    '''summary_end ''
12656: If the current depth is at zero or one return an empty string. Otherwise it returns itself repeated according to its nesting in terms of "word"
12657: This function checks whether the word "main" is present as an independent part of another string. If it's found within that other phrase/sent
12658: This Python function calculates the total number of elements present within two dimensions. It uses list comprehension to iteratively generate and count all possible pairs,
12659: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using Python. It counts how many times it needs to add two numbers in order not only
12660: If the list of target actors has no elements, return true; otherwise check each element to see whether it starts with 'name'. Return false only when
12661: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word(s).  It is used to break down sentences or paragraph in Python programming language
12662: This Python function takes in one argument ' n ', and raises the error " Inputs must be integers ". If it'is true that input isn’
12663: This Python function generates an array of numbers that represent the progression from ‘start’ to 'end' with step size as given by user and
12664: This Python script uses regular expressions to remove all non alphanumeric characters from the input string, effectively converting it into lowercase and removing any special
12665: This Python script retrieves the public URL of an OpenStack Neutral Networking service from its access and services Catalog, if it exists;
12666: This function returns 'above' or 'below', depending on whether the temperature is greater than/lesserthan 18 degrees Celsius,
12667: This function filters out users who have reported less than 1 time or are not reporting in the given condition, based on their action type within an email
12668: This Python function calculates the "Effective Gene Length" based on input parameters. If Effective Genes are longer than zero, it returns
12669: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the input column to find nonzero elements and counts their occurrences within that same element
12670: This line of the given python script is creating an SQL query string using provided URL and returning it as output in one single statement which can be used to
12671: This line of the program calculates pivot point phi using given values and formula, which is derived from linear regression model in physics where we try
12672: This Python script generates the file name based on input data type, year and symbol.  The output is in .txt format with underscore as separ
12673: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12674: This script filters out the rows of 'filteredLines' where all bits are zeros or ones, depending on whether there is one zero and
12675: This function returns the host and port as concatenated strings. This is useful in many network programming tasks, such us HTTP requests or socket connections
12676: This function checks if the URL starts with "https:///media.di..."  and returns True or False accordingly based on whether it is valid Disc
12677: This Python script reads through the list of filenames and finds out which one has 'target' as part or prefix within it using regular expressions ('
12678: This function returns the value of an inputted 'abbreviation' from dictionary. If it is found, then that key will be returned; otherwise
12679: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12680: This Python function converts an RGB value to its decimal equivalent and then divides it by the maximum possible color intensity. It does so in one line
12681: This function takes in string input 'str' as an argument. If the str is empty it raises error with message “EmptyValue” else conver
12682: If the entity 'entity' is NOT present as an attribute key, return zero and also get length of dictionary associated with that particular "Entity". Otherwise
12683: Copies environment variable values to local dictionary using provided arguments or default ones if none are given – uses Python's builtin copy function from the
12684: This Python function checks whether the inputted variable 'is_bool' or an object of type str that represents either true/False in lowercase form
12685: Code defines two variables, 'p1' and ‘p2’. Both of them are collected from the patterns given by pattern_1 &
12686: This Python function checks the configuration schema to find default values of properties that are objects or dictionaries with 'property' key having an associated type as object
12687: This function calculates the absolute value of target's second element plus one, then adds to it another elements in 'target'. The result is returned
12688: This Python function checks whether the input list is empty, either contains only one element that'll be returned as it itself. If not - then returns
12689: This Python script repeatedly squares the number and takes into account only odd exponents. It uses bitwise AND operation to check whether an even or uneven
12690: Returns the string 'Maven:' followed by inputted coordinates.  This is used to create MAVEN coordinates in Java/Scala programming language
12691: If the object 'obj' isn’t defined, return '-'. Otherwise just output it. – Python Code Snippet -> "if
12692: This Python function checks the given string against its own length, and increments counter every time it finds an exact match with another substring of equal size
12693: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two numbers. The first number is divided by zero, which will result in an error and hence it
12694: This Python function takes two segments and an interval to be removed from the first one as input parameters; it returns all possible intervals that can occur after removing
12695: This line of the script is creating an array with all project names from each dictionary in "data". The resultant list will be used to perform searches
12696: If the value of 'User B' is zero, it sets User A to 1. Otherwise returns their division result as per normal operation in Python
12697: This program calculates the sum of all elements and their products from two lists. It uses three variables to keep track on these sums as well those squ
12698: The program is designed to simulate water stresses and flows in an eWaterCycle project using data from global sources, such as Forcing files (.
12699: This function checks if all elements of the array are integers. If any element isn't an integer it returns false and stops further execution otherwise continues to
12700: This function takes in an input string, passphrases and returns the same output. The purpose of it is to remove any leading or trailing
12701: If the input 'e's projection reference system number ('epgs') isn’t provided, it will return “Unknown”. Otherwise，
12702: This line of the given Python function returns an output by multiplying 'offset' with time and then rounds it to nearest whole number.  It is
12703: This line of the given C++ program counts how many times 'k' can divide into b, plus one. If there is any remainder when div
12704: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
12705: This function calculates the value of an input 'x' based on its position in relation to two other values, left_min and rigtht
12706: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as if each number was increased by 'delta'. The result is another version where
12707: This Python script is designed to filter the URL based on account type and appends it back with '/' if not present in url, else returns original
12708: This line of the Python script converts an encoded string to another character set using surrogates in python's builtin function encode().  The
12709: This Python function calculates the value of 'prior' by subtracting it from ‘one’. It then multiplies both results together to get
12710: This Python function checks whether the input 'input' variable ('`is_dict=True/False') ... [truncated...] ...
12711: This function checks if the difference between each element of two lists is within an acceptable limit. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True
12712: This function checks whether the given object is an instance of message type. If it's true, then returns that value; otherwise return none and stops
12713: This function checks if the given string contains either 'at'/ or '/'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there
12714: This line of the program calculates how many recordings are needed to cover all pulse length. The result is rounded up, as it'd be
12715: This Python script repeatedly takes the remainder of division by 'base' and adds it to front. It continues until quotient is zero which means that we
12716: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The input is both coordinates of these pointers and returns their respective distances
12717: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with leading/trailing whitespace removed using regular expressions, effectively stripping out any extra
12718: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12719: This Python script assigns the first four elements of an array to different variables. The last element is assigned directly without any further processing or manipulation in
12720: This function scales and translates the input coordinates based on some scaling factor. The translation is done in such way that it aligns with an origin point
12721: This Python function is trying connection with an API and if it fails, returns the error message. If successful then return data from that connected server in JSON
12722: This Python function takes an RNA string as input and converts it into its corresponding protein translation using the provided DNA to codons mapping dictionary, returning
12723: This function checks if the file name ends with one of several specified extensions, such as .txt or ‘pdf’ in Python programming language using '
12724: Handle HTTP response codes. If the received http_response['status'] is 50x, return corresponding message; otherwise default to 'Unknown'
12725: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as numpy.amax() but without using any builtin functions or libraries
12726: This Python function calculates the size of variant alleles based on their lengths. It returns an indicator ("insertion/deleting") and
12727: Checks the required keys in passports. If any of them are missing it returns False and stops further processing – Code is checking whether all necessary
12728: This Python function calculates the kinetic energy of an object with given parameters, which is half its mass times density multiplied by area and velocity squared
12729: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters in the given string with an empty character, effectively removing them from our output if we're
12730: This function returns the integer value of 'geno type' based on its string input. If it is hom ref, return zero; heterozig
12731: This function returns the id of an object in JSON format. The input is 'object' and it outputs {'key': value}.  In other word
12732: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned integer value that is obtained by shifting bits to right two positions and then performing bitwise AND operation
12733: This Python function checks if it is possible to form the largest number from four given numbers by adding at least one of them. If yes then return true
12734: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
12735: This Python function checks the value of 'Symbol' and returns corresponding data type. It also handles invalid symbols by raising an error message with specific details about
12736: This Python script splits the string "service_{}" by "_" and returns its last element, which is usually used to get some information from it
12737: This Python script filters out pairs of terms that have counts difference less than the specified minimum threshold from HPO Terms and their corresponding Count values using 'h
12738: Removes the trailing newline character from string 's' and returns it as is if there are no characters left to remove, or else removes
12739: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12740: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variable 'Q' value based on input parameter "wavelength". If given wave length is more
12741: This Python function checks whether the given filename exists in your current directory or is relative to it; If so then returns its content otherwise an empty string"
12742: This Python function takes in an object named "opti..." – it's supposed to return the names of all observabili...   [
12743: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the common elements of both list using set operations to remove duplicates before returning them back from main
12744: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings by reading each new Line from an HTML TextArea and appending them to '
12745: If the 'penalty' dictionary does not contain an entry with id equal to `rid` then return false. Otherwise check whether there are any
12746: This Python script creates an empty list and dictionary, then fills the lists with data from two dictionaries "TmpIpsDict", appends
12747: This line of the function returns True if 'channel' starts with "D". It checks whether or not there is an uppercase D at index
12748: This python script converts binary to decimal and then decodes the network mask from its representation as string format using Python's builtin function split()
12749: This Python script is used to merge two dictionaries into one using the spread operator ('...'). It also uses f string formatting and dictionary unpacking
12750: If the input string `None`, return nothing. Else sort and join all characters in alphabetical order of their ASCII values into one
12751: Delegates the user to another dialog in Amazon Lex.  The delegatee's response is stored and returned as 'response'.  	Sl
12752: This function returns the string concatenation of 'BBoxReg' and an index. The result is used to create file names in bboxtag
12753: If the dictionary is empty, return true; otherwise check each item of its keys against those from another dict and compare their values with that value at same
12754: This function assigns an integer value to the variable 'z' based on some condition in Python programming language using conditional statements and logical operators, which is
12755: This function calculates the end slot of an epoch based on whether it's timing is enabled or not. If no, then return one; if
12756: This function takes an input, adds one to it and then divides by two. The result is rounded off at the tenth place which makes sense
12757: This function checks if the string contains an uppercase "EE" sequence. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there
12758: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12759: This Python script converts all the elements of 'stringlist' to floats and stores them into another list called "floatformat".  It
12760: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12761: This script checks if the return value of an operation is zero, then it splits by backslashes to get last part from string which should be
12762: This function checks if the string 'starts with' is equal to origin/. If it does then returns True. Otherwise False – in Python programming
12763: This Julia script filters out the packages that are already present on your system. It does so by comparing each package name from 'julian' with
12764: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
12765: This function calculates the remainder of x divided by modulus. It uses modular arithmetic to avoid overflows and keeps values within range [0,
12766: This Python script creates and returns the distance values of each band from an input string 'bands'. The distances are based on precomputed dictionaries that
12767: This function takes in three parameters - 'rest' and returns the dictionary with keys as types of data that can be stored.  The values are lists
12768: This function checks whether the input number is within certain range. If it's greater than 60, then return 'h', else returns either
12769: If the absolute value of 'du2' is not zero, set variable "S" to be equal with its reciprocal; otherwise do nothing
12770: This function generates all possible substrings of the input sequence ' seq '. The length is determined by variable " `"`' and it raises an
12771: This Python function creates and returns an object representing the properties of one rectangle. The created 'object' is then stored in variable `pipes` to
12772: This Python script attempts to sort the dictionary items and then generate options from it using list comprehension with join operation on each item's key & value
12773: This python script calculates the cost per month and year based on cluster information. It also computes how much it would take to cover an average monthly
12774: This script takes the name of an input file, converts it to lowercase and splits its extension into two parts using '.' as separator
12775: Sorts the list of dictionaries by calories in descending order and returns name from first dictionary after sorting is done, if no data available it
12776: This Python function is used to extract the file extension from an input string. It works by iterating over each character of 'filenames', checking
12777: This Python function takes as input JSON data and returns the value of 'name' from each dictionary within it, if present; otherwise an empty list is
12778: This function returns the first n elements of an array.  It uses Python's built in 'range()'.  ...[END] Code
12779: If the 'content' variable isn’t null, return it. Otherwise empty string will be returned as default value in case no other condition matches or
12780: This Python function calculates the direction of movement between two cells in an array. The directions are defined as down, up right or left etc., based
12781: This function returns the smaller of n instances or max limit set to be at least as large. If there are less than two instance values provided it will
12782: Returns the value associated with dict key from dictionary. If not found, it returns None by default or can be set to any other specific output if required
12783: This Python function converts the given number of milisecond into hours minutes and seconds. The result is formatted in 'HH':'MM’:'SS
12784: This function takes as input an argument that must either represent the text to split into numbers or it can contain one number per line separated by commas and
12785: This line of the Python script checks whether color number provided as input to function 'print' in ANSI escape sequence. If it’s an
12786: Returns true if the number of bits in 'value' is equal to zero. This can be used as an indicator that no data was read from or
12787: returns whether all parameters of the given name fall within their respective minimum/ maximum bounds. If any parameter does not meet these conditions, it is considered to
12788: This Python function counts the number of passed/failed tests and calculates their percentage against all test cases to determine overall testing result Conformity score is
12789: This function returns the base name and sharding information in string format. The number of each is padded with zeros to ensure they are always
12790: This Python script creates an ordered list of unique values from the input 'list' variable. It then checks if there are exactly 5 elements, with
12791: This Python function calculates the middle index of an array. If length is odd, it returns half plus leftmost position; if even then subtract
12792: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and returns it as is, without any modification or transformation of characters within that process itself - just
12793: This function checks the type of input and modifies it as per requirements. If no modification required, returns original data; otherwise return modified one with appropriate
12794: This function returns the string representation of an integer, appending 'ST', or ending with either ''O'RD'' based on whether it is
12795: This function checks if the number is greater than 1 AND it's prime by checking divisibility from two to square root of that numeral
12796: This script is used to calculate the number of total variables needed based on different types and names provided as arguments. The function takes into account prior, m
12797: Rescales the given input between two specified values. The rescaed output is then normalized using min max normalization method."""  (END CO
12798: This Python script creates an array of the resultant values from multiplying each element by its index and adding to some constant value. The resulting output is
12799: This Python function calculates the sum of all odd numbers in an array. It takes two parameters, 'arr' and another parameter called "n",
12800: Return the string concatenation of 'result' and an additional space. 10/3 = 4, but it should be returned as is because
12801: This Python function calculates the median length of an array by sorting and then iterating through it, adding each element to 'cumulated'
12802: This function returns the path to disable PHP FPM configuration file based on provided parameters, which is used in disabling certain domains' configurations by removing them
12803: This line of the Python script is creating an array that includes only those elements from 'columns' list where they contain both word sequences ("blesing")
12804: This script calculates the stop loss and returns values based on trade signal. The input is "prices", which are used to calculate 'stoploss
12805: This Python function checks whether the input `x` can be considered as either 'None', an empty string, or starts with certain characters and returns true
12806: This function takes an input 'x' and returns the square of that number.  It is simple, straightforward to understand as it only involves two operations
12807: This Python function calculates the mean square error of an input list 'Y' by calculating and returning its value as output from another variable named "mean
12808: This function calculates the solution to Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It has an inefficient approach and is not optimized, but it
12809: This line of the given Python script multiplies 'a' by 9 and then adds, increments or decremented it to get more than
12810: This Python function calculates the value of an investment. It takes two parameters, 'p' and ‘I’ which represent principal amount(pr
12811: This Python function checks whether the input 'str' or dictionary contains an attribute named date and it returns True only when that value matches with regular expression pattern
12812: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse the time in "HHHmmmSSS". It then converts it into millisecond format and returns
12813: This line of the given Python script returns "result['text']" which is an attribute from 'result' dictionary. The value returned by it can
12814: If the first part of 'PATH' and Prefix are same, then remove that from PATH.  Return remaining Path after removal process is done."
12815: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each item of the 'enhyme' variable which should be assumed to contain substrings
12816: This Python script splits the input string by tab character and converts each element to an integer before finding minimum & maximum values in that array of integers
12817: This Python function takes an XPath string and returns the path after splitting it by "/" character, removing last element of list which is always empty in
12818: This Python function takes the 'properties' dictionary as input and returns either its value if it exists, else default string. If self link found then return
12819: This script creates an English language "stop list" by removing common, uninformative or redundant terms. It is used to filter out unnecessary information
12820: This Python function takes three arguments, converts them to string and concatenates the strings in order. The result is returned as one line of text with
12821: Checks if the IP address and network are equal. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet to explain what
12822: This function checks if the given string is in valid format according to two regular expressions patterns, one that starts with ".", followed by zero or more spaces
12823: If either of the keys 'y1' &amp;#34;/&gt;" y ∅/&#xA9;&nbsp
12824: This Python function returns the URL of an album on Spotifys website using its ID as input parameter, which is then concatenated with 'http:/
12825: This function is used to recursively remove the first element of each sublist in an input list. The base case occurs when there are no more elements
12826: If no minimum or maximum is set, simply returns the input. Else checks whether our value falls within either of these bounds and then applies that bound
12827: If the string 'release name' is found anywhere within either of two specific strings, return true. Otherwise false will be returned as per requirement by function
12828: This function converts the OS type to an integer. Windows is represented as '1', Linux/MacOS are represnted by their respective
12829: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'packe' is divisible by ten thousand. If it does, then prints out "Pack
12830: Returns the template name with an appended underscore and "__" followed by its current version.  This is used to create unique filenames
12831: This function converts the log level to its corresponding color. If it's debug, returns secondary; if info -> informational text in blue
12832: This is an equation that calculates the inverse of one divided by another. It's used in image processing to adjust brightness and contrast, which are
12833: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
12834: This is an implementation of the bitwise OR operation. It shifts y 3 places to left and then combines it with 'x' using binary or
12835: Initialized the variable 'decoded_val' to 1. This is an example of assignment in Python, where we are setting or initializing
12836: This function flattens the input list by recursively calling itself on nested lists and appending each element to an output array if it's not
12837: This Python function returns the result of applying Linear Regression to an input dataset. The model is defined by two parameters, 'a' and
12838: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12839: If the input is equal to one, it returns that value. Otherwise - multiply by two and then output result of multiplication operation on given number with
12840: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as either its own value or in formated like lists. If not applicable to any known
12841: This Python script converts the given dictionary into another format where each value is assigned to an NSE category, with keys being original categories from 'original
12842: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation with leading zeros. The result is formatted as 16 digits long, padded
12843: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an input number minus one trillion, then divides by ten million to give us just millisecond
12844: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned short integer. The operation is bitwise shifting to right by one byte and then masking with
12845: Resolves the arguments passed to an object that implements `Molecular_dynamicals` interface and returns them as resolved instances if they
12846: Checks the length difference between source directory's file count vs destination folder. If they are not equal, it prints an error message to console then
12847: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
12848: This Python function converts the input string to Base38. It pads with 'A's if necessary, and then encodes it in standard
12849: This function takes two optional arguments. If any of them are provided it will update the current 'max' or minimum and if both were given then maximum
12850: This Python function calculates the value of epsilon, which is one minus π divided by two plus pi/epsilon in decimal form and returns it
12851: This Python function converts hexadecimal coordinates to decimal. If the input string is not valid, it returns zero instead of throwing an exception or
12852: This Python function calculates the squared Euclidean distance between two dictionaries of word frequencies, using only keys from one dictionary and another that is also
12853: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12854: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'meta' and returns it converted into dictionary format. The first element from each tuple is
12855: This script creates an array of all the lowercase and upper case English letters.  It then checks if any character in input string is one among these
12856: Reverse the order of arguments in Python function call, args = [10] → return ['args'] or if no argument is passed
12857: This Python function calculates the difference between two sums of numbers. The sum is calculated by adding up all elements in each list and then subtracting them
12858: This line of the given Python script returns only those pairs from 'allPars' that are NOT present as twins.  It does so by
12859: This Python script loads the training data and creates three different loaders. The function returns 3 objects - one is used to iteratively over each batch
12860: This function copies the values of dictionary 'y' into another empty or given dictionaries/hashmaps named as "Z" which are then returned by
12861: A Python function that returns an array of dictionaries, each dictionary contains information about the module and its functions. The output is in JSON format which can
12862: This line of the given Python script converts each word in 'camels' to its corresponding capitalized version. The result is then stored into "
12863: Removes leading spaces from the string.  It keeps track of how many characters were removed, which can be used to determine if there are any tra
12864: If the value passed to it isn't an integer or floating point. It raises and handles exception with message "Value Error - 'valeus
12865: This Python function takes an integer or float as input and returns the string representation of that number with leading zeroes filled in. If it is negative then
12866: If the number of blowings is zero, return $($). Else it returns an amount based on how many times more than ten are used
12867: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on t and returns it. The formula is given as "s=(T/tf)*
12868: This Python script converts hexadecimal numbers to binary, octal or decimal based on the input prefixes in string format ("hex", "
12869: Returns True if 'sa_iD' is empty or has exactly 13 characters, otherwise returns False. This function checks whether the SA ID
12870: This line of Python script splits the input string into list by comma, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each tag and removes empty strings
12871: This Python function splits the input string by commas and spaces into separate elements using regular expression splitting method then filters out any empty strings resulting in an
12872: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and calculates its minimums/maxima. It then returns these values as two separate numbers to
12873: This line of the script checks if two sequences are identical, returning 1 in case they're equal or zero otherwise depending on whether probe vs gene
12874: This function returns true if the input is an adult, i.e., it's greater than or equal to 35 years old; otherwise
12875: This function returns the number of characters in an input string.  It is used to determine how many digits are present within x, which can be
12876: This Python script takes the URL of an image file on Google Drive and returns its direct download link in string format, using split function to break down into
12877: This function converts the binary representation of an integer to its string form with leading zeros. The width parameter specifies how many digits should be in
12878: This line of the given Python script converts an integer or float to string. If 'None' is passed, it returns "Not applicable". Otherwise
12879: This Python script splits the given string into two parts at ':' and takes only last part after splitting by ":" which is considered as username in
12880: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. If no element is present, it will raise ValueError exception with message "The list has
12881: Checks whether the object is of type 'Method' and also checks that it contains an environment variable named "DocTestSetup" with non empty value
12882: This Python function checks whether the location is None. If it isn't none then return its value and string representation else returns 'none', Named
12883: This Python function returns the value of 'return' based on an input parameter, which is assumed to represent one outof five possible values in range from
12884: This Python function replaces all occurrences of the character "[" followed by an uppercase or lower case letter with space.  It does not
12885: This function takes in the link and returns it as all characters are converted to their corresponding ASCII values, then the result is returned.  The '
12886: This Python function takes as parameters an object with various types of data structures and converts them into one line dictionary format that can be used to create form
12887: This line of the program checks if any file in its list ends with .WAV, MP3 and M4A extensions using Python's built
12888: This script sets the default file to be served if no specific one is requested in URL, and it also handles requests with empty paths by redirecting them
12889: This Python script removes the trailing slash from an object URL and extracts only its last segment, which is then converted to integer type using built
12890: This function calculates the ratio of change in y coordinates to x coordinate difference. It's used as an indicator that objects are being moved or res
12891: This function checks if the input is an instance of numpy array or not, and returns True/False accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it raises
12892: This Python function calculates the parity of x's binary representation. It converts an integer to its corresponding binay string, then sums up
12893: This function returns the URL of Github profile given an inputted GitHub user name and repo details (username + "//"+repository
12894: If the input 'value' is an empty string, it raises and returns with error message. Otherwise return original data as output of function/method in
12895: This line of Python script merges the dictionary '{"deployment_optiomn":"servicemeshiosto"' with existing settings.
12896: This function calculates the result of multiplying an input by standard deviation and adding to some constant. It's used in data preprocessing tasks such
12897: If the value at index baseIndexPlusOne in table is “disable”, return string. Else check next item and do so until reaching
12898: This Python script creates and populates an empty list with dictionaries, each dictionary containing the parameters of one specific geographical area defined by 'range'
12899: This function takes two colors, and returns the result of their multiplication. The first part is done with an input parameter 'x' which determines how much
12900: A string is created with the given parameters. The format of that String depends on what you want to achieve in your program; it could be used as
12901: If the length of 'strong' is greater than or equal to that in `STRONG`, return it. Otherwise multiply by “
12902: This Python function trims the list of strings by checking if each string is unique, ie., it's neither part or whole contained within another
12903: Compare the basenames of two files and return whether they are equal or not in Python using 'os' module functions, ie., comparing their
12904: This function returns the color based on system's CPU usage, with green when less than 1/3 of total capacity is used and amber
12905: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
12906: Initializes an empty list and dictionary, then checks if the input 'data' exists. If not it returns immediately with no further action being taken;
12907: This function returns an object with the authorisation header. The string in it is composed of 'apiKey' and some random characters to ensure secure API
12908: This Python script splits the input text into rows and columns using tabs as separators; it then creates dictionaries from each row with column headers being
12909: This function checks if the input string is one of several predefined boolean values. It returns True when it finds an exact match, False otherwise
12910: This line of the given Python script converts timestamp to seconds. The function takes in one parameter, 'Timestamp' and returns its value after being rounded
12911: If the 'direction' variable is zero, it returns one. Otherwise...   -If "Direction" equals to two or three then do something;
12912: If the provided `Key` object or string has two elements in form of "PNAME___VARIABLE", it returns them as tuples
12913: This line of the given Python script deletes an entry from 'fields' dictionary. It checks whether there is any key named as model class name present
12914: This function takes an input 'Times' and if it’s either of type List/Tuple then adds ‘BTime” to all elements
12915: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by iterating over each element 'X' and returning tuples with first two characters from
12916: This script converts all occurrences of 'o' to ‘zero’, and replaces the character B with an eight in Python string
12917: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is_int' belongs to either positive or negative integers. If it does belong in any of these categories
12918: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of tuples. If it encounters duplicate keys while adding them to dict
12919: This function takes three arguments - either two of them are provided as "None" which means the program must throw an error message. If all 3
12920: This loop iterates over all keys of the dictionary 'variables' and replaces "return" with an empty string, effectively removing it from each
12921: This function returns the same value as input when it's less than or equal to two times of its original, and half that number otherwise. If
12922: This Python script calculates the product of two numbers from an array if they are greater than current maximum. The result is stored as "Larges
12923: This script is checking if the Security Group has an IPSecurityGroup and whether it contains IP permissions with either no From Port specified (-> protocol
12924: Generates ComET configuration from given parameters using the specified algorithm and metric type with discrete values based on max combo count – Maximum number of combinations
12925: This function checks the coordinates of two points and returns an appropriate value based on which quadrant they fall into. If either coordinate is negative, it will
12926: This Python script calculates the number of unicorn numbers up to 'n' using dynamic programming. The function takes an integer array and two integers
12927: Removes all non alphanumeric and whitespace characters from the input string.  It replaces any character that is not in 'a'
12928: This function calculates the force of attraction between two objects, given their mass and velocity. The formula used is F=G*((m1/
12929: If no arguments are given, return the list of all. Else check whether there is only one argument and it's '---'. In that
12930: This script is designed to extract the challenge, leader board and dataset split ids from each row of dataframe.  It then checks if these values
12931: This function returns the result of multiplying an element at index [1], which is in Python, by ten and then returning it as float type data
12932: This python script calculates the values of two variables based on some mathematical operations. The result is then printed out in one line using '+' operator
12933: This function checks whether the input number 'in' numb follows certain conditions. If it does, returns one of three strings ("less than", greater
12934: This function takes as input the list of texts and returns an augmented version where each line is padded to match with maximum length. The padding value
12935: This command is used to get the maximum number of slots that can be allocated in VirtualIO.  It's specific about LPAR id and sub
12936: This function replaces all occurrences of the value 'before' with another one, and returns modified list. 0 <= len <= 1e
12937: "A function that takes an URL as input and returns the domain name of it" (END OF SUMMARY).   Code is to be
12938: This function takes an argument as input; it checks the type of that parameter using Python's builtin `type()` method to determine what kind
12939: This line of the given Python script is returning 'global' keyword, followed by '_key', which are local variables. The function returns value stored in
12940: If the input 'stat'e batch isn’t defined or it has been given as an instance of Tuple type then return none. Else
12941: This function takes as input an alphanumeric string, and returns the same but with all digits removed from it using Python's builtin
12942: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'commands' and adds each unique lowercased version of that to another
12943: This Python function calculates the maximum sum of any subarray within an array. If all elements are negative then it returns zero as there is no possible
12944: This function calculates the result of multiplying two numbers, taking into account their absolute values and adding one. The final output is twice that value plus
12945: This function calculates the volume of an object given its dimensions.  The result is returned as one line output in Python language using 'return'.
12946: If the input 'mapping' object or its type matches with either "Mapping" class in Python OR it has been defined as an instance of defaultdict
12947: This function finds the position of '==' in an attribute string and returns two parts; one is before it if there exists any ('None'), otherwise
12948: This line of Python script is creating an option string that includes the "-std" and then another argument, which can be either 'True' or False
12949: This Python script generates an array of labels and values from the given input data structure which may be empty or contain `None`s; it then joins
12950: This Python function converts the input text to lowercase if it's not already, and checks whether or nor any of two predefined keywords
12951: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12952: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'v' is an integer. If it isn’t, then return its value; otherwise do nothing
12953: If the variable 'newEps' exists, set '_eps=_old+1'. Otherwise do nothing.  This line of Python script checks
12954: If there are more than 1 channel groups in the input data. Return an object with two properties - 'numChannelGroups' and its value is
12955: If the input `arg` isn't provided, return "True", else check whether arg contains comma and split it into list of strings after strip
12956: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent HexaDecimal representation by using the modulo operation and dictionary mapping of values from decimal system
12957: This Python script generates random alphanumeric strings of the specified size from possible ASCII letters and digits, using `string` module's
12958: This Python function checks whether the result of an expression is not exactly one, and returns either that value or its reciprocal plus half times absolute difference
12959: This Python function generates all primes up to 'N' using the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm. It first initializes an array
12960: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the sum. It uses Python's built in 'sum()'. 10/3 is not
12961: If the input is less than 0, it raises an error. Otherwise calculates and returns square of given number as output from function "a".
12962: This Python script creates an array of unique elements from the given list by checking if they have been encountered before or first time through, using sets to keep
12963: If the string is longer than 7 characters, returns first seven chars of it. Else just prints out full id as given in input parameter
12964: This function returns the URL to access an internal DOKUMENTLAGER API endpoint with given 'interna id' and limit of 1 page
12965: This Python function takes an ID as input and returns the same id with its first character removed. It does not handle any errors or exceptions, so it
12966: This line of the given C# program shifts bits to right in an unsigned 4 byte integer. The result is stored back into 'result'. It
12967: This function checks whether the input string is in valid format of an email address, ie., it has exactly 8 characters long with '-' as
12968: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both list and
12969: This function returns True if the string is 'True' in lower case, otherwise it will be False or None depending on whether str contains any non-"
12970: A dictionary that maps the first number in each tuple to its second. The function returns value at index N of list [table]. This is an example
12971: This Python function calculates the area of an irregularly shaped 3D object by summing up areas under each triangle formed from consecutive vertices, and
12972: This line of the script is used to specify that we want our configuration file. The path should be provided as an argument when running it from command prompt
12973: This Python function calculates the reaction rate based on different dimensions of space. It takes in three parameters - 'dim', which determines whether it's
12974: This function checks if all keys in the dictionary 'ReadDict' are present as ids within list of IDS "READIDS". It returns
12975: This function filters out tests that match the given pattern in their name using regular expressions and Python' builtin `filter`, with lambda as an
12976: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
12977: This line of the function checks if any point is outside its bounding box. If it's true, then we can safely assume that there are
12978: This line of the given Python script returns cubes. The input is cubed and then concatenated with string 'CUBED:' to form
12979: This function checks if the given 'point' is within or outside of an area defined by its coordinates. The four parameters are defining regions in 3
12980: This line of the script is setting up environment variables. It first strips any leading or trailing whitespace from both `${envPrefix}`
12981: This Python script splits the input string by "," and removes any empty strings resulting from splitting operation using filter function in python language with an initial value
12982: This Python script generates an email from the data provided. The company, contact name and other details are formatted into one single string which is then returned as
12983: Checks if the input string is one of 'True', ‘Yes’, or an equivalent value. It converts to lowercase and removes
12984: This function takes as input the content of some source file and returns two lists - one with all comments found on that text; another list is empty because
12985: This line of the program assigns values from two tuples to three variables. The first tuple is assigned as 'p' and its elements are
12986: This function returns the value of disc id, which is calculated by adding an offset to it and then scaling up or down based on its remainder when divided
12987: This function calculates the absolute value of half area triangle formed with given coordinates. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic trigonometry operations
12988: This Python function checks each dictionary object within the 'known' list of dictionaries, and if it doesn’t have an ID or is already present
12989: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the HTML string where "<element> class = 'OldClass'" with "'New Class
12990: This function checks if the string 'Django' or SQLAlchemny is in an incoming text data. If it finds either, returns that word
12991: This function checks if the input `adjustment` information exists. If it does exist then returns that info; otherwise throws an error message and provides
12992: This function takes two parameters - 'edge' and its name. It returns the path component of an Edge object in form ('Edge Direction',
12993: This Python function returns the first four elements of an input list, in reverse order. The second and third arguments are swapped to make it more intuitive
12994: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary called 'list' and assign it to variable named as per requirement but also checks whether policy settings are not
12995: This Python function takes an input string and splits it into individual lines using the split method with no arguments as default separator is space (' ').
12996: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
12997: This function returns the string <header><data_tobeinsertedhere> <endoftextblock>>.  It is used to wrap text in
12998: Returns the part of string after "operation['targetLink']". This is done by slicing from index len("operat") to end.
12999: This Python script takes in four arguments and assigns them to variables. The first two are taken from the second argument list item; third is assigned as
13000: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers found within an arithmetic string, separated by 'plus'. The function strips leading and trailing whites
13001: This Python function calculates the ASCII value of each character in an input string and then subtracts by sixteen. The result is returned as
13002: This function calculates the equation y^2+ay+|b|, where 'a' and | b |  are parameters. The first parameter is
13003: Throw an error when the input "dekk" is less than 0. This will prevent any further execution of that part and halt program flow
13004: This Python script calculates the value of 'x' plus one and then raises that result to ¾th power, which is equivalent with calculating
13005: This Python script prompts the user to enter an integer. If they do not provide any value or if their response is invalid as per our exception handling
13006: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
13007: If the 'config' dictionary has an entry with key of ‘“versions”’, then return its value. Otherwise it should just be returning
13008: Try to find 'x' within the list/array of values, if it exists return True else false. If type error occurs then returns "False
13009: A Python function that takes an algebraic coordinate as input and returns the corresponding row/column in matrix form. The first character of each string is used to
13010: This Python function returns '+' or '-', depending on the value of variable "x". If X is greater than, equal to zero it will
13011: This function checks if the point is within any of two ranges. If it's, then return true; otherwise false are returned as per condition specified
13012: This Python function converts the input string to its equivalent floating point number, and then checks if it's actually whole numbers by converting back into integers
13013: This Python function calculates the difference between two angles in degrees and returns it. If result is greater than one eighty, then subtracts three
13014: Checks the type of state and county inputs. If either input isn't string then it returns true; otherwise return false or an error message depending
13015: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13016: A dictionary is created with the given parameters. The "child groups" are also stored in it as an array of dictionaries, if any exist;
13017: This Python function calculates the minimum number of operations needed to make one array equal in size. The operation is defined as either swapping two elements or
13018: If the sequence 'None' or an empty list, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns length of given inputted sequences/list in Python programming language
13019: This function returns the type of data that is being returned by an API call.  It's used to determine what kind or format we are dealing
13020: This Python script returns the top 5 most common elements in 'results' list based on their value attribute and sorts them from highest to lowest using l
13021: This line of the given Python script creates two sets, dict A and B's keys that are present in both dictionaries using intersection operation on their
13022: Calculates and returns delta tau, which is an estimate of how much heat has been added or removed from one specific material atop another due to
13023: This function checks if the given 'point' is present as an element of provided array/list. If it exists, then returns True; otherwise False
13024: This Python function takes in an input string, splits it into individual word by '-', and then converts the first character of each substring to
13025: This function checks whether the 8th element of an array 'X' is either NA, "", Inf. If it isn’t one these cases
13026: Creates an empty list of the specified length with all elements set to 1. This is done by creating and returning one line Python script that uses
13027: This Python script copies the list of responses and sorts it based on their "type". The sorting is done in ascending order.  It uses
13028: If the 'Content Type' header of an HTTP request isn’t set, return false; otherwise convert to lower case and remove leading or trailing
13029: This Python function converts an integer or floating point number to its reciprocal. It checks the first character of each string, and adds 9
13030: This python script is used to find the name of an employee who works at any given location, based on their unique identifier which includes both city & state
13031: This Python function calculates the amount of each item based on its percentage and total value. It creates an array with zeros, then multiplies every
13032: This line of Python script will drop the table named '{}' if it exists. If not, nothing happens and no error is raised or returned by
13033: This Python function calculates the complex conjugugte of two given numbers. The result is in polar form ie., magnitude and phase angle are returned
13034: If the array 'None' or empty, return one. Else find and Return maximum value in an Array using Python programming language syntax with builtin
13035: This Python function checks if the input variable maybeString can be cast to string. If it's not possible or cannot convert into String then returns false
13036: This line of the Python script returns last value from sorted dataframe using 'window' and '.'.  It is similar to pandas sorting function
13037: This function calculates the quotient of two numbers and multiplies it by another number. The GCD is calculated using Euclid's algorithm
13038: If the price is more than $$$$, return discount of $$%. Otherwise apply standard rate to calculate total cost with no discounts applied."
13039: This Python script reads from the /proc/mounts filesystem, which contains information about mounted filesytems and their mount points on Linux systems using
13040: Code snippet which performs inflation adjustment on an inputted 'Raw Cost' based off Current Consumer Price Index ('Current CPIs')  END
13041: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13042: This line of Python script is creating and returning an object that contains only the key/value pairs from 'in' dictionary where value associated with each pin
13043: This function takes two parameters, multiplies the first by an expression that subtracts one from another. It then adds to it and returns as result
13044: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13045: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns False and raises an exception when it encounters such input; otherwise proceeds to check
13046: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the 'UOSPECIFIC' value from each tuple present within "similar
13047: This function checks if the given 'reconstruct'd version of an inputted list/array exists within another array. If it does, returns true
13048: This Python script generates all possible combinations of the given number 'missed' from an array/list "Peptonide". The combination is generated by
13049: This function checks if the given string ends with an exclamation mark or not, returning True when it does and False otherwise in Python 3+
13050: This Python function splits the input string into 3 parts by space character only if it's exactly four characters long; otherwise returns False or an
13051: This Python script creates an array of strings, where each string is one character from the list. The function takes in two parameters - num and arr;
13052: This script checks whether the key 'bondethernets' is present and returns its keys. If it isn’t, then an empty array
13053: This Python function calculates the average annual compound rate. It takes as input two parameters, 'interest rates' and number of companies/assets to be
13054: This Python function generates an output string based on the input integer 'n'. The length of each character is randomly determined between one and ten characters long with
13055: This Python script creates three matrices and assigns the values of one matrix to another. The first two elements are taken from an array, while all other
13056: This function calculates the middle value of an input list 'numbers'. It raises and handles exceptions when given with no or one element, two elements
13057: This function returns the string ' SBP_' followed by an inputted variable.  The purpose of it is to prefix all identifiers with their
13058: This Python script checks whether the environment variables 'OS' or both `srv`, ‘out’ are set; then it replaces all
13059: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
13060: If the variable 'camara id colmar' isn’t an integer then return empty string. Otherwise it should be formatted as cameras ID
13061: This Python script is designed to append the value 'A' into list "refs" if it doesn’t already exist, and return true otherwise
13062: This Python function checks whether the input is valid credit/debit cards and then calculates an additional check number to validate it using Luhn's
13063: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'v' and within each iteration it also goes through another loop to create sub
13064: This function returns the color name based on its input. If it's 'Black', return black, else white and in case of any other value
13065: Code snippet that calculates the distance between three points in 4D space using Euclidean Distance formula and assigns these distances to variables
13066: This Python function loops through the 'keys' list, checks if each one is present as an entry of dictionary. If it exists then returns its value
13067: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius and then adds the constant of Kelvin conversion, which is needed
13068: A function that returns the sum of all elements in an array. If no element is present it will throw error message 'No Elements' if any
13069: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named "temperatures" and assigns it the value 21 to index zero, then returns that temperature
13070: This function takes in an SQL query and returns the same result as if it had been run on its own. It replaces all whitespace characters with
13071: This Python function raises an error when the input string 'K' is empty, otherwise it splits off two special characters and returns one of its parts
13072: This Python function takes an input mode and returns the corresponding step in sequence. If no such index exists it wraps around to start again from beginning of
13073: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "name" that are found to be "-". The replaced characters will then replace
13074: This function looks through the list 'lst' and returns whether or not it finds an occurrence of character/letter. If found, replaces that
13075: This line of the given Python function returns an integer result. The value returned is calculated by adding player's position and move, then taking modulo
13076: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from the input 'd' object using conditional logic to remove any entries
13077: If 'x' is not zero, return the result of an expression. Otherwise it returns zeros; in other cases no output or calculation are performed
13078: This function checks the existence and type/length ("class count", or length, depending on context), returning either an integer value from one key within '
13079: Return the first number in an array. If no such element exists, it returns -907348 or "Not Found". Code is
13080: This Python script creates an empty string and then iterates over the chorological list, adding each second element of every tuple to it. The final
13081: This Python function searches through the dictionary 'found' and returns an array of results based on whether each element is present or absent from it as per its
13082: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an object's "isRev" attribute equals to 'None'. If it does, then returns
13083: This function compares the second element of two items. If they are equal, it returns zero; otherwise depending on whether their first elements compare less than
13084: This line of the script checks whether or there is no file with given path. If it doesn't exist then creates one in that location using an
13085: Removes the last space from string.  If there is no such character, it does nothing and leaves original value of variable "s".  ```
13086: This Python script generates all possible combinations of 'L' and '-/+M', where L is an integer between 2 to the maximum value specified
13087: If the current item in list is equal to given input, return its corresponding scoring and set it as zero otherwise keep returning default scores from function call or
13088: If the variables 'lower' and ‘upper’ are equal, return an error message. Otherwise continue with some operation or function call based on what
13089: This Python function takes an input string of binary digits, and returns the same bits but with their values reversed. It does not use any built
13090: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13091: This python script generates an array of 16 colors from the given RGB values by converting each color to its corresponding HEX value and then zipping
13092: This Python script converts HTML special characters into their corresponding ASCII representations. It does so by iterating over each character of the input `text`
13093: This line of the given Python script is changing all negative values in 'X' to 0. The resultant array will be returned as output from
13094: This Python function is used to find the index of first unbalanced parentheses. It uses depth tracking technique where it keeps track on opening and
13095: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and modulus operations until it finds that 'b'
13096: This Python script reads data from an external file, processes it and stores the processed information into another list of dictionaries which is then returned by function as
13097: This Python function matches strings to specific patterns and returns them with an additional string appended at end, if not found it raises error message "Field must
13098: This Python function checks the type of 'frameworks' and returns corresponding values based on it. If framewor is not one among ['CPU',
13099: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes as input 'number' and returns how many ways there
13100: This line of the Python script attempts to convert 'video_file' into an integer. If it fails, then return its original value as is;
13101: This line of Python script returns the commands joined by ";" and space.  It's used to generate an output string from list elements in python
13102: This function calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. If both are empty, it returns zero; otherwise depending on whether last characters of
13103: This function calculates the allocation ratio of shares in an election, given that each vote is counted as one unit and all votes are casted out to
13104: Create an SQL query to convert the fields in table1 into NULL if they are empty or not present, and save it as new columns named after their
13105: If the input "metal" isn't of type 'str', it raises an error. The message says that only strings can pass through here
13106: If the name of an entity is 'makrker', return that. Else, check whether it's present as key to dictionary `
13107: If the input string 'str' isn’t provided, return it as such; otherwise convert and then uppercase all characters in that given text to
13108: If standard deviation is zero, returns the value of x; otherwise calculates and then maps to one or more probabilities based on an empirical rule set in
13109: Returns the hexadecimal representation of an integer. The result is always zero, but it's useful in some cases to quickly check if something
13110: This function takes an input value and returns it as string. If the type of given object isn't recognized by any condition then return original unprocess
13111: This function calculates the total number of layers in an arbitrary neural network. It takes two parameters, 'number' stages and layer per stage'. The
13112: This Python function checks whether the input is NaN or not. If it's Nan then returns that value else converts an integer to seconds with
13113: This python function calculates the sum of cubes and squares in terms, which is equivalent to calculating an expression with three variables 'x', '', ''
13114: This function calculates the maximum power output of an electric motor given its frequency, tabulation speed and minimum operating point voltage values as input parameters; it
13115: This line of the given Python script is creating an identifier with prefix 'H' and suffix '.', where `len` function returns length, ‘
13116: This Python function generates and returns all integers from m to the inclusive of both 'n' & its own value within an array named "Result".
13117: A simple Python dictionary that stores the string 'hello' as its value. (END SUMMARY)}```python Code explanation and usage of function
13118: This line of the Python script converts an input time in seconds to milliseconds. The result is returned as output from function call or printed on
13119: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its present price, current quantity and cost per unit. It uses simple linear regression to calculate future
13120: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13121: This function checks whether the given string `is` decorated by any of those strings present within an array. If it finds one then returns that particular decoration
13122: Throw an error exception when the first number is less than zero.   [Done]    Code length = 37 chars, Total lines =
13123: Checks if the first part of path or url starts with 'https' protocol. 1 line solution in Python using builtin function isstartwith
13124: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the given string against an expected pattern, and then returns one of two values based on whether or not there was
13125: This function returns the number of nonzero elements present within list 'l'. It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate and then sums up all
13126: If the string 'target' is either present as an exact match, returns ('production', prod'), elif it contains '_produ_t'_ return('
13127: This function checks if the first character of 'key', which is supposed to be an integer or string. If it starts with "-", then returns that
13128: This function is used to determine the number of phases and encodings based on an input string 'IAF' from some kind or other data source
13129: Code is checking if AliEN's api changes and warn user about potential issues with fetching data, returning True in such cases as they are expected
13130: This Python script is used to load and preprocess the dataset. The parameters are set based on user input options, which include base image path of training
13131: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13132: This function masks the last bit of an integer. It does so by setting all bits to one except possibly, if num_bit is odd and
13133: This line of the Python script splits each string in 'value' by commas and returns an array containing these split strings as elements, which is
13134: If the keys of 'observations' dictionary are None, return all values in that dict and otherwise do nothing or simply returning original observations  Dictionary operations
13135: This Python function converts the input string to CammelCase, ie., it transforms all underscores into uppercase letters and capitalizes
13136: This Python function checks the time difference between two dates, "Since". If it'll be more than 1 year or less then one day before
13137: This Python script converts RGBA values to grayscale. It uses list comprehension and the min, max functions."  	Author Name :
13138: This Python function checks whether the given number is public or not. If it's private then returns True else return false and also check other conditions like
13139: This function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on it If its dictionary then return 'None' else check whether string starts with
13140: This Python function creates an empty list and then iterates over the given 'path' of nodes using if statements to check whether each element within that sequence
13141: This Python script splits the ARN string into its constituent parts, and then extracts from that split array at index 6 which is typically
13142: This function takes two parameters, f and n. It returns the result of flooring 'floor' value to power with exponentiation by multiplying it directly
13143: This line of Python function returns the rounded scalar value as an integer.  It uses built in round() and then converts it to type 'int
13144: This Python function checks the value of 'is_ma' in range [36,79] or within an interval. If it matches one
13145: This Python function checks the value of 'colors' and returns it with its maximum or minimum limit. If colors is greater than max_limit,
13146: This line of Python script creates and returns an array that is the resultant multiplication by 1.0/d from each element v, where '
13147: This line of the function calculates and returns an index value based on strides, height indices(idx_h), as well pad values. The
13148: This Python script exports the note data into an easily readable format. It takes in raw JSON object of notes, parses it and then generates one
13149: This function calculates the value of an electric field at any point in space, given certain parameters d(distance), t and time variable 'time'.
13150: This Python script checks the 'runs' list and sets its state based on certain conditions. If it encounters an entry with both Statuses,
13151: This function performs bitwise AND operation on the subject and its one's complement. It returns either of two results based upon whether or not there is
13152: This function checks the length of an input string, and returns that same value as output unless it encounters "*" in which case replaces last character
13153: If the value of 'k' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases as there are no other
13154: This function returns the path to tfRecord file of CIFAR  dataset. The filename is constructed by appending split name and ".TFRE
13155: This function returns the value of an inputted 'metric' in JSON format. (END SUMMARY).   [Hint - Use Python
13156: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13157: This is an implementation of the bitwise shift left operation. It shifts all bits to one position in binary representation and then performs AND with '~'
13158: This function takes an image and returns the number of patches in it. It also calculates which patch is being accessed by taking modulo with total no
13159: If the minimum and maximum values are equal return their value. Otherwise check which one is greater or less than other depending on whether they're in asc
13160: Generates list of 'ok' run results from the given dictionary. If no such result is present, it raises an error message stating that there are
13161: This script reads the first line of an input textfile and compares it to some string value."  Code explanation/details not provided in question but
13162: This Python function returns the smallest integer not less than 'X' and greater or equal to it, rounded down in halfway cases where X is negative
13163: If the string is longer than 1 character, checks whether it starts with double quotes or angle brackets. It returns everything between these characters unless they
13164: This function calculates the maximum depth of binary trees. If no node in given Binary Tree exists then it returns zero else return max_depth from
13165: This function checks whether the input 'object' "obj" can be considered as an instance of Python List. If it does then returns its elements combined
13166: This line of the given python script calculates and returns an index in 1D array based on input coordinates. The formula is y * NGrid
13167: This line of the given Python script is checking if an element in polygon list at index i has value less than or equal to 'y'. If it
13168: If none of the inputs are provided, return error. Check difference between input value with lower bound to see whether it exceeds threshold; otherwise check against upper
13169: This line of the function returns True if absolute difference between 'b' and variable `abs_val` is less than 9e−6,
13170: This Python script sorts the keys of an input dictionary by their corresponding values and returns them as sorted order within another function call's return statement or print
13171: Checks whether two lists have equal lengths and then counts how many elements of both arrays match.  If they don't exactly fit together it raises
13172: This Python script splits the input text into individual, nonempty strings using spaces as delimiters; then filters out any that are less than
13173: This function calculates the nth root of one minus its argument, where 'n' is an integer input and it returns result as float type in
13174: This Python function multiplies two matrices M and the transpose of matrix ‘n’ element by elements from both arrays using list comprehension to perform
13175: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over all the elements of 'paths' using isadir() function from OS module to check if
13176: This Python function takes as input an array of lists where each subarray contains only strings or other arrays containing just one element that can be converted to the
13177: This Python function calculates the value of 'num' and divides it by another number, if possible. If not division is successful or returns false
13178: This function takes in two parameters, query and limit. It returns the result of executing SQL command with these inputs using sqlite3 module to connect database
13179: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius by adding the constant value of +/-10 degrees and then div
13180: This function returns the requested data from an array of sample arrays. It takes in three parameters, "sample" which is expected to be another list containing
13181: This Python function takes an input list of strings, and returns another nested/multidimensional array where each subarray contains the same elements as its
13182: This Python script creates an empty list and appends the value to each element of that new, nested lists within another given 3x4 matrices using
13183: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'k' and shifts it to right by an amount of bits specified in variable "i". It
13184: This Python function uses regular expressions to remove HTML comments from the given string 'code'. It first removes all inline comment markers, then it also strips
13185: Creates and returns an object with the type 'FeatureCollection' that includes only features where geometry matches given criteria.  The field name of these geomet
13186: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13187: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the output as per given conditions by XOR operation on every two consecutive characters from left to right
13188: This Python function checks if the given string belongs to an email address in specific format of 'username@domain'. It also verifies whether it's
13189: This function checks if every character of the given word is present as an element within another list. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise
13190: This Python function checks the given 'direction' parameter. If it is neither of F, R nor B then returns zero; otherwise depending on whether its
13191: This Python script converts the input string to lower case, splits it into individual "word" strings using "_", and then capitalizes each word
13192: This line of the given Python script returns unique elements from all provided lists.  It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then converts it
13193: This line of the given Python script checks if an attribute named "active_rep" exists in class Base. If it does exist then returns True else
13194: This function returns the 'distribution' of an object, which can be either “r” or replicates. It is used to check if any
13195: This function divides the size of an array into chuncks and calculates their sizes. The maximum chunk dimension is determined by rounding up to
13196: This Python function takes an string as its parameter, checks whether the given str is empty or not and returns NaN in case it's true else
13197: This line of Python script returns the result from dividing 'x' by two. It is equivalent to finding half its value in numerical computation, which
13198: This line of the script calculates and returns an array with each element being its reciprocal. If any value in input is less than or equal
13199: This Python function reverses the order of characters within each string.  It does so by iterating over every character, adding it to an empty result
13200: This function returns the current date in format year/week number.  It's used to keep track of when and where tasks are being performed on
13201: This Python function creates an array of size 'n' and initializes it with zeros. It then fills the first element as one using list comprehens
13202: This function implements the MinimAX algorithm. It checks whether it's time to make an optimal move based on current depth and game state conditions like
13203: This function returns the row and column numbers of an element in array, but it only works on multiples or divisors. If not multiple/
13204: This function checks the name of an assemblies and returns its corresponding GRC version. If it doesn't match any known names, then return
13205: If the string 'what' is equal to “First”, return object at index [0], else returns last element of an array.
13206: This function checks the 'step' variable against its own value and returns one of three strings based on whether it matches either itself or is “one
13207: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13208: This Python function takes an RGB value as input and returns the equivalent grayscale scale. It multiplies each component of that color by two, then
13209: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
13210: This Python function splits the given URL into its components, checks if it's an ID and returns either id or alias based on that check
13211: This function calculates the area of an ellipse given n, k and returns it. The formula used is A=π*(4/3
13212: This Python function takes as input an argument, which is supposed to be the output of some operation on one or more strings and returns that result after removing
13213: If the contact name or email address are not provided, it will display default values. Otherwise - message with filled in fields and sender's details"
13214: If the value in "record" is 789, return none. Otherwise - just keep returning 'return' and then whatever comes next on
13215: This function checks the type of an object based on its 'type' attribute. It returns one string per each unique data structure, which is then used
13216: This Python function calculates the value of 'G' based on some input parameters, which is defined by equation 3 in reference to an unknown variable
13217: This Python function returns the negative of an input number, or zero depending on whether it's positive. It uses conditional statements to achieve that functionality in
13218: This line of the given Python script filters out certain keywords from two lists that contain various types like "categorical", 'date', etc., which
13219: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an array 'A' with initial value ‘e_o’. The weights are calculated as t
13220: This Python function checks whether the given string starts with '/', removes it, and returns its reversal in reverse order as per your requirement using 'if
13221: If the last character of 'directory', which is assumed to be either "/" or "\"", exists, return it as such; otherwise append an
13222: This Python script splits the input string into lines, checks if it's not empty or doesn’t start with ' model =  ', then adds
13223: A dictionary is created with the keys "Name", “Tags”, and other details about an entry. The data type of each key's
13224: This Python function calculates the linear regression parameters. It takes two lists of numbers as input and returns one number representing their correlation coefficient which is also known
13225: This function returns the value of c in reverse order.  It is used to check if there are any characters left after reversing string s using Python
13226: This function checks if the input number is divisible by any of its arguments. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false or None
13227: This Python script converts the JSON object into another format using dictionary comprehension and list slicing techniques to remove any elements that are not within 3
13228: This Python function checks the input 'value' against two other parameters, "minimum" and “maximum". If it is less than minima
13229: This Python script is used to encode and decode Unicodes using the specified encoding method." ...[truncated] ...'return
13230: Create and populate dictionary with data from the 'car' object. The keys are "position", “current time”, or both; values
13231: This function returns the result of three times its input plus one. It's an example to show how functions work in Python programming language, where it
13232: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
13233: This python script uses the 'import' statement to include modules in Python, and then it defines an identifier list using SQLParse library which is used specifically
13234: This function calculates the remainder of angle divided by three hundred and sixty. The result is returned as an Int type in Scala programming language using "
13235: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13236: This function calculates the value of 'a' in an iterative process. The initial condition is divided by its own calculation result, then multiplied
13237: Checks if the remainder of division by 'b' is zero. If yes, returns true; otherwise false  Code snippet used in other
13238: This Python function splits the input string into individual word and returns number of these separate "word"s in it, which is also known as count
13239: This Python function checks whether the input is even or odd. If it's an integer, then returns its original form; otherwise subtract one from
13240: Deletes the first occurrence of function call "fcn". If it doesn't exist then does nothing. Returns updated dictionary 'ppcp'.
13241: A Python script that creates and populates an object with nested dictionaries in the form of lists within another dictionary using JSON formatting as input data type
13242: This Python script splits the string "smile" into individual characters and finds out which character has maximum length, returning that as output."
13243: This script calculates the Bayesian Factorization score, which is used to evaluate how well each of our trained machine learning algorithms performs on unseen
13244: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an exponentially decaying learning rate. The function takes two parameters, 'warmstart'
13245: This Python function takes in the date as input and returns only year, month or day.  It is used to extract specific parts of dates from My
13246: This Python script checks the last character of an input URL and adds it to make sure that there is no trailing slash. If not, then
13247: Throw an error when the input is in wrong format.  The string should start with "(". And end by ")". If it doesn't
13248: This Python script generates three character substrings from the input string 'Query'. It does so by using list comprehension to iteratively slice and generate these
13249: This script is used to convert the reactant and product coefficients from strings into integers. It also rounds off these values after conversion as required by our program
13250: This function checks if the last two characters of 'name' are equal to string API, then it also verifies that all letters in ‘Name
13251: This Python function checks the input `addr` and returns an appropriate socket family based on its value's data structure; it also handles specific cases when
13252: This function converts the input string to lowercase. If it's equal 'True', then returns True, else False or an error message if
13253: This line of the Python function returns True if 'star' is greater than half ('image') and False otherwise.  It compares two values,
13254: This line of Python script checks whether the value in variable 'i' is greater than or equal to one, and returns either "1" ("True
13255: This function returns the color of an object based on its numerical input. If it's less than 0, then return black; otherwise white is
13256: If the input is equal to one of these values, return corresponding value. Else raise an error with message "invalidMHz". This function maps given
13257: Attempt to access the "persNam" key in dictionary. If it doesn't exist, return 'None'.  [10 points
13258: This function returns the value of 'first' from list if it is not equal to all other elements. If there are no such values, or none
13259: An empty dictionary named 'scalp_tune' is created. This can be used to store and retrieve data related with the Scalpel tool in
13260: This Python function converts all uppercase letters to lower case. It does so by iterating over each character of the input string and checking if it
13261: This script generates the list of column names based on given parameters and returns it as output which is then used to create dataframe with pandas library'
13262: If bars data has x as string type and y otherwise.  This function returns two values based on the first element of each list in 'bar'
13263: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number 'a' by x to some power ‘alpha’ using numpy library in python language
13264: This line of Python script converts the input string to lowercase and splits it into individual "words" using space as delimiter then filters
13265: This function calculates the ratio of '(val/limit)' to ('limits_difference'). It'll be used in some calculations.
13266: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is equivalent to t times ten thousand. The floor() method rounds down any floating point number,
13267: If no triggers are found, return none; otherwise check each one and find the first that matches with 'trigger'.  Return it or else returns nothing
13268: This function returns 'True' when the input is True, and otherwise it will output as False. (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```
13269: This line of the given Python script creates an empty string with tab characters repeated by 'num' times. The number is passed as argument to function and
13270: If the input JSON object `None` then return it; otherwise check whether its type matches dictionary -> iterates over each item of that Dictionary
13271: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
13272: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13273: This Python function returns the coordinates of all points on an input grid that are offset by 'dx' and ‘dy’ units along x &y
13274: This function checks whether the given list of combinations is valid or invalid. It returns true only when there are no overlapping elements between all pairs, and
13275: This script is used to update the "Algorithm" field of each dictionary within 'data' list. The new value will be taken from an external
13276: This Python function converts DNA sequences from A to T, C into G and vice versa. It uses the builtin `range` method of
13277: A function that converts an integer to Roman numerals. It starts by checking if the input number is greater than or equal 4, and then
13278: This line of the script converts all elements in 'list' to their corresponding lists.  It is used when comparing two different types, ie
13279: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between two angles. The first part of it converts hours to degrees, and then minutes into degree increments
13280: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' inclusively. It does so by adding up every number and then div
13281: This program counts the number of ones in binary representation. It does so by iterating over each bit from right to left and counting how many times it
13282: Checks whether the given dictionary has both keys 'job' and another key named as nodePropertie. If it does, then checks further to
13283: This function returns the concatenation of home and value ids. It is used to generate unique identifiers in various contexts, such as generating URL parameters
13284: ... ... 10.34 seconds, CPU usage = 67%  ```python Code is an example of how to calculate the
13285: This Python function checks whether the three numbers are in ascending order. If they're, it returns 'True'. Otherwise - depending on which condition
13286: This function calculates the population count of bits in an integer. If input is greater than or equal to two^48, it uses bitwise
13287: Calculates the evaluation metrics of an algorithm. The values are calculated based on predefined parameters and then returned as dictionary with keys corresponding to metric names
13288: This function subtracts the value of variable 'b' from another, and then divides it by its own result to get an inverse proportion between
13289: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from 1 to 'n' using list comprehension. It is very efficient and concise but
13290: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
13291: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value based on some conditions, which is then used to calculate another result that's
13292: Creates dictionary of ids and names from the 'data' object.  The output is {'1':{'Role Name'}... } where each
13293: This python script checks the presence of certain keys ("lsid", “date”, and 'definitively reseced date') within each
13294: If the character 'L' is present, check its location. Similarly do it with R to get their locations; return true only when both are found
13295: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The function takes in one parameter, 'x', which is expected to be
13296: This Python function maps each character in the input sequence to its reverse complementary DNA nucleotide using dictionary mapping and then joins all characters into one string
13297: This Python function calculates the n's place in an arithmetic sequence. It takes two parameters, first term and common difference of that series as
13298: This line of the given Python script is splitting up an input string into two parts. The first part contains all characters before and including any period or unders
13299: This Python function takes two parameters, 'd' which should be an input dictionary with string keys that are also present as values within the "expected"
13300: This python script calculates the proportion of missing exonic elements based on their length and number within each coding sequence from an input list "missing"
13301: If the current point is equal to previous, return false. Otherwise update prev and cur points in ker map with new values; append it into coverage
13302: This function calculates the ratio of pre test treatment to max clinical scale. It checks whether both conditions are met and raises an error otherwise, then returns
13303: Code returns two elements in an array. The first element is the sum of all even numbers and second one - odd ones from given list/array '
13304: This piece of Python script is used to find the id associated with an object on board. It checks if x equals body[0]. If it does
13305: Checks the first three characters of an OID, and returns true or false based on whether it matches any known prefixes.  If not all
13306: This function returns the value of 's' scaled according to its index in an array. If no scale is provided, it defaults back at one third
13307: This python function doubles the input 'value' until it becomes greater than or equal to 0. It returns its final result which is now an
13308: This Python function converts values from one range to another. It takes the current value, and returns its equivalent in terms of 'Y' which is
13309: This Python script calculates the sum of all items from dictionary 'summary'. It skips over any item with key value being string equal to “
13310: This Python function calculates the stretching factor of an audio signal. The input is in seconds, and it returns its duration adjusted by applying some overl
13311: Compare two strings and determine if they are the same character by order.  If so, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on your
13312: This Python function finds the largest number that divides 'n' but is not itself. It starts from one less than input and checks each time whether
13313: This function returns the string 'wi-time' followed by an hour value. It is used to generate time strings in Wireshark filter syntax,
13314: If the string is empty, it returns an blank. Else check each character in 1st and last characters of strings to see whether they are
13315: A dictionary that maps days of the week to their corresponding integer values in an AM/ PM format and provides access via get method with default value as '
13316: If the input 'Data' does not exist, return it as such; otherwise check whether there exists key named timestamp and replace its value with that of
13317: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13318: This function implements the Extended Euclidean algorithm. It is used to find gcd and coefficients of Bezout's identity in Python programming language
13319: This Python script creates an empty matrix of given dimension. It does not perform any operations on the data, just initializes it with zeros and returns
13320: This Python function returns the index of an element if found, else return '-1'. It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each elements and
13321: This Python function returns the specified JSON object. The group and artifact are taken from an input dictionary called `excluion spec`, which is
13322: This Python function calculates the difference between two IP addresses. It uses bitwise operations to perform calculations, which is faster than using arithmetic operators or
13323: This Python script splits the string 's' into individual elements separated by commas, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and
13324: This Python function replaces the value of 'value' with its equivalent name from dictionary `dict` and returns updated values alongwith versions as well options
13325: This script generates the list of ids from asserted details.  It uses "detail" as input and returns an array with all unique ID'
13326: This Python script converts the input 'dict' of dictionary objects into another format where each key maps to its corresponding value from an inner object if it
13327: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in functions to find and compare these values efficiently without needing an explicit loop or
13328: This Python script converts the input to lowercase and checks if it starts with "WITH" OR 'SELECT'. If so, returns True; otherwise
13329: This function checks if both 'A's are either equal to or contained within the list ['B', ‘C’,…] AND whether
13330: This Python script counts the number of true spanish sentences. It iterates over all s and its corresponding sentence from 'snt' list using enumer
13331: This function flattens nested lists into one level by using recursion to handle the nesting of sublists within 'result' variable and appends
13332: This function calculates the Sharper ratio of an investment portfolio. The formula used is based on returns and standard deviation in risk management theory which measures
13333: This Python script calculates the absolute differences between consecutive elements of two nested arrays and sums them up. The outer loop iteratively goes through each pair,
13334: This Python function calculates the weight of grains based on their mass in grams and returns it as an output, which is also converted to kilog
13335: This function represents the equation y = ax^n + b where n='order', x is input and returns an output 'y'. The coefficients
13336: If the string 'length' of variable named "p" is equal to two and second element in third dimension equals zero, then it returns one.
13337: This Python script creates an array of numbers from 'Order' to zero with decreasing order. It then removes all occurrences equal the value specified by
13338: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13339: This Python function calculates the surface area of an object with given 'radius' using formula "(πr³)" where r is inputted
13340: This Python script is designed to extract the frame rate from different types of video or audio streaming data, returning “default” if no specific information found
13341: This Python script flattens two lists of equal length by iterating over the first list and appending each pair from both to another new, single
13342: This Python script reads from an input file and creates dictionaries with package names as keys to their corresponding semantic versioNs based on the format of
13343: This program changes the type of quantum gates based on their names. It replaces CX with CCW and NOTs to XOR operations, while
13344: This function returns the file extension of an input string.  It is used to determine if files are being created with .txt, or other extensions that
13345: This function checks if the given string is either 'Auto' or ‘Balance’. It returns True when it finds one of these strings,
13346: This function finds all elements of the given 'parent' that have "type" as their attribute and appends them to an output list ('returnlist
13347: This function checks if the given string contains any character that is not in our predefined list of characters. If it does, then returns true;
13348: This Python function takes as input the outer dictionary and an array of its 'keys', then it returns value associated with these given paths.  It is
13349: This Python function checks whether the value of 'x' is less than or equal to another number, and returns either their product ('if true') otherwise
13350: This Python function sorts the list of scores in descending order using sort() method and returns it as output, ie., sorted score List is returned
13351: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value. The function takes three parameters, 'ilen', which represents length in bytes and should
13352: If the patient has nonsignificant dimenta, return zero. Otherwise they are considered to have an 'intractable' condition and should
13353: This Python function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The formula is derived from geometry and algebra, but it's very useful in many
13354: This Python function returns two variables 'A' and ‘B’. Both are returned as dictionary with keys A & B respectively in the format {
13355: This Python function calculates the cumulative mean and instantaneos time based on an inputted value of 'alpha'. If "beta" is not
13356: This Python function checks the value of 'subetype' and returns one among three possible values based on its content. If it doesn’t match
13357: This Python function creates an array of length equal to the number elements present within 'item'. It then populates that list with consecutive pairs from two input
13358: This Python script merges status of users from the given JSON object. It creates an empty dictionary and populates it with each unique id as key,
13359: This line of the script creates an array where each element is split by semicolon from 'publications' table and stored as list elements within another
13360: This function returns the string format of 'volume' information. The input parameters are volume type and name which is then formatted into 3 parts using Python
13361: This function decodes JSON objects by converting them to integers or leaving the object as it was when they are not strings and dictionaries/lists of other
13362: This function takes two parameters, an integer 'text' and another one called `string`. It returns the result of concatenating three strings in that
13363: This Python function returns the percentage of MATCHES found in each category. It takes two parameters - 'text' and an optional parameter named "language
13364: This function returns the direction based on an input of wind speed and degree. It's used to determine which quadrant in compass chart is facing at
13365: This function checks if the file name starts with "backend_" followed by ".py" in Python scripting language, returning True or False accordingly based
13366: This line of the given Python script is an example where it checks whether 'channel' modulo 4 equals to zero. If true, then decre
13367: This Python function takes two arguments and returns their multiplication result as 'product' along with the quotient of both numbers.  The operation is performed in
13368: This function is an implementation of the 1st order approximation method. It takes as input two parameters - 'x' and its initial value ('init
13369: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13370: This function takes an integer as its parameter and returns the string representation of that number. The returned value is enclosed in double quotes, followed by '
13371: This function checks whether the given element is present at any position of list or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition using while loop
13372: This Python script calculates the arithmetic mean of all nonnegative numbers present within an array 'tab'. If no such number is available, it raises
13373: This line of the given Python script splits "name" string into two parts at each colon (":"). The first part is returned as an array
13374: This line of the given Python script is splitting up 'msg' by "!" and then taking 3rd character from each resulting substring, ex
13375: If the angle is less than 9 degrees, it adds or subtracts by adding/subtracting from itself to make sure that its value
13376: Checks the first character of 'Key' and returns false when it is one among certain numbers. If true then checks whether second or third characters are
13377: This function returns the ingredients required to make Keto friendly, healthy snacks.  Ingredients are "katchu", which is an
13378: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is two numbers, and it multiplies them together with some additional calculation to produce output
13379: A function that finds the key 'k' from nested dictionary and returns its value if found or default values when not present"  }]}]}
13380: This line of the given Python script calculates an index based on two other variables. The first variable is multiplied by another, and then divided to
13381: This function takes an input string, strips leading and trailing whitespace from it using the .replace() method in Python's builtin functions/
13382: This Python script filters the 'TREATMENT' dictionary based on certain keys and returns only those items that are present within an array of specified key
13383: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the domain name from an input string, if it's not in correct format then returns `None` else
13384: This Python function returns the dictionary { "message" : '<input_string>' }. The input string is passed as an argument to be
13385: "Returns first non null value from list"  # Add your own description here if needed"""  ```python`def get_step(mapping
13386: This Python script converts the input string 'matri' into an integer list using List comprehension and split function, where each element of output is
13387: This Python script checks the modification time of an input filename and returns it in seconds since epoch format or zero when unable to find/access that particular path
13388: This Python script creates two lists, one to keep track of the number incoming edges and another list outgoing. The size is N+1 because we
13389: This function returns the result of adding 3 to level and then multiplying it by ten thousand. The value is returned as an integer, which means
13390: Returns the value of 'v' and bitwise shift left by ‘epaddrs’. This is equivalent to multiplying "value" with
13391: If the string is empty, return it as such. Otherwise append an ellipsis to indicate that more text has been truncated in response and then
13392: This Python function takes an iterable of strings as input, and returns the same output with some modifications to handle cases where there are no newlines or
13393: This Python script prints the VIVADO Hardware Description Language (.hdl file).  The .vhd and other files are not included in
13394: This function checks if the point is within any of two given bounding boxes. The coordinates are defined as tuples with x & y values respectively
13395: If the input 'percentage' filter value isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts fall within specified range then return default values of +/- .
13396: This Python function takes in the string representation of an axis aligned bounding box and converts it into dictionary format with corresponding coordinates as floating point numbers along
13397: This is an example of Python programming. It'll iteratively go through each element 'b', add it to the variable "sum", and then
13398: This Python script reads through each character of the string, replacing all semicolons with spaces. The result is then printed out to stdout or can
13399: This Python function converts the given bit string to an integer. The input is expected in binary format and it returns equivalent decimal number as output from conversion
13400: Code sums up the elements of an array and returns their average. If all values or no value at al were ‘zero’ then it prints "
13401: This function checks whether the variable 'flag' is true or false. If it returns True, then return string Yes; otherwise No will be returned by
13402: This line of Python script converts the given file name to uppercase letters using built in function 'filename'.  The result is returned as output from
13403: This function checks if the string 's' contains any character that appears more than once. If it does, then return false; otherwise true is returned
13404: A dictionary to rename diagnostics based on their codes in the Luminescent Field Sideband system – Python version of DiagRen
13405: Check the database to see whether there is an entry with matching "med" & address. If yes, return true; otherwise false or error message depending
13406: This line of the given Python script calculates coherent scattering using an equation. The result is returned as 'J'.  In other terms, it comput
13407: Code checks if the name starts with an underscore and has more than 6 characters.:: Bool   Return True or False based on condition met
13408: This Python function calculates weighted sum of raster values. It checks whether both lists are equal and raises an error otherwise it returns calculated value which is equivalent
13409: This python function calculates the ratio of two sets and returns them as tuples with names 'ratio'. The first element is calculated by summing
13410: This function calculates the energy of an atom with given parameters and strains. The formula is based on atomic model equations, but it's simplified
13411: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from JSON object named "json" that corresponds to key 'statements' and then another nested
13412: This Python function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, and then returns last element in that list if it exists;
13413: If the given topic exists in 'Dict' then assign its value to variable `subtopic` else print an error message and exit program using Python
13414: This function returns the string 'pdf' which is used to identify PDF files. (END SUMMARY.)  ```python`def get_
13415: This line of the Python script returns half part length from string s, which is equivalent to converting it into percentage and then dividing by ten in decimal
13416: This line of Python script calculates the percentage share that each company has in relation to its total sales. It does so by dividing 'companys
13417: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between two variables is less than an error threshold, else it will be False. The 'eps
13418: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
13419: This line of the program is adding 'len' to index and then returning element at that position in sequence. If there are no elements left, it
13420: This Python script takes an input file path and returns the directory name of that location in your system along with its base filename without extension as well it'
13421: This Python function takes an integer input representing the number of seconds in 'time period', and returns three values that represent hours minutes & second. The calculation
13422: If the data type is float14, return 'ga_quarter' else do nothing. 0 otherwise."	Type of Code Snip
13423: This function calculates the value of Jaro Winkler Similarity Index. It takes two strings as input and returns their similarity index which is calculated
13424: This Python function returns an object with the specified headers, which are used to make requests from OTTERSCALE API in JSON format and includes
13425: If the list of files is more than one, return first item. Else do nothing and just give last element in case there's only
13426: This function calculates the inverse square root of one divided by sqrt[beta^4 + alpha*gamma] where 'alpha' and/or
13427: This Python function calculates the mean and variance of an array. It also counts how many elements are there to calculate standard deviation which is used as part
13428: This python script calculates the weighted sum of two lists. The weights are given by another list 'l'. It uses numpy's dot function
13429: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13430: This Python function converts seconds to hours minutes and second format with upto three decimal places using the builtin functions of python 'round', division'
13431: If the 'Template' variable in function parameters, it will be assigned to '_helptemplate'. Otherwise nothing happens. – [Your Name]
13432: This function takes as input the string of layer names separated by commas, and returns an array with these strings stripped from leading/trailing whites
13433: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace if the original is 'None', then returns that stripped version
13434: This Python function checks whether the first character of `filename` is double quotes ('")' – it returns its value, but only when that condition
13435: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13436: This python script converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it contains 'CROP' or not, returning either crop/upscale based
13437: Checks if the given number is within specified limits. If it's not, returns false; otherwise true – one line function in Python that
13438: This line of Python function replaces underscores in the input string with an ampersand low bar symbol &amp;&lt;/3;"
13439: This function calculates the difference between two values, one being inputted as 'Pin' and another is output from an external device. The result
13440: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'words' using whitespace as delimiter, then it removes unnecessary characters from each word such
13441: This function checks if the given string is one of two keywords, which are either 'normal' or break_words'.  It returns True when it
13442: This function converts the given number of feet to centimeters using Python's built in math library functions and returns an integer value representing how many
13443: This function checks the value of 'val' against an input parameter, and returns either checked or empty string based on whether they are equal.  It
13444: This line of Python function converts the string to lowercase and replaces all spaces with underscores in it, effectively making every word on your
13445: This Python function checks whether the input variable ```is instance of string``` and converts it to uppercase letters before performing operations on its content;
13446: Code returns True if the string 's' is less than another given character/string, otherwise it will output False. (END OF SUM
13447: This function calculates the difference between two bearings in degrees, and checks if it is less than or equal to some threshold. It does so by
13448: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers modulo 'n' and returns their absolute differences. If both values are equal it will return zero
13449: This Python function takes three arguments, compares them and returns the largest one. If all inputs are equal it will return any of its input values as
13450: If the input 'd' count data exists in dictionary format then it calculates and returns Fluorescence intensity of given wavelength using formula else
13451: This function returns the value of an atom based on its symbol. It maps atoms to their atomic numbers using Python's dictionary mapping feature, which is
13452: This function returns different values based on the input 'string'. It's used to determine how much each type of resource contributes towards total production.
13453: This function returns the opposite of its input. If it's 'North', return South, etc...  It handles all possible inputs and provides an
13454: Defines the function "Q" that adds two elements of list 'x' and returns it.  The first element is added to second one,
13455: This python script converts DNA sequences from lower case to uppercase. It uses an if/else statement and string concatenation, which is equivalent of
13456: This function checks whether the given 'distance' is greater than an "indifferent threshold" and returns either true or false. If it isn’t
13457: A Python dictionary that contains only one key, "hostname", and its value is an empty object {} – it's just the localhost.
13458: A dictionary that stores HTTP tags as keys and their corresponding values.  It is used to map URLs with the associated tag in an API request or
13459: This Python script filters out the entries from 'unwanteclist' and returns them as new list. The filter is based on whether an "
13460: This Python function iterates over the items of an inputted python dict and returns first item's 'value', which is equal to given parameter "
13461: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13462: This Python function takes an RGB value as input and returns the corresponding grayscale equivalent. The conversion is done by multiplying each color channel with its
13463: This function takes in the path of an image file, returns its extension.  It uses builtin functions to get basenames and split extensions from
13464: This script generates the list of all filenames with 'username' appended to them. It uses Python and its builtin function "list comprehens
13465: This function takes in one parameter, which is the date string. It returns an output that consists of three parts separated by hyphens (-). The first
13466: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees in one scale and another, which is
13467: This function takes as input any number of keyword arguments, and returns them with the same keys but prefixed by an underscore if they are either '
13468: This function returns the score of an item with specific character. If no such element exists it will return '0'. The enumeration is used to iter
13469: This Python script counts the number of triplets that are divisible by both three and two within an inclusive interval from [N]. The count is returned
13470: This Python script calculates the modular multiplicative inverse of 'a' under modulo operation with number given by variable "n". The result is stored
13471: This function takes as input dictionaries of keywords and returns two separate layouts dictionary based on the keys present within them; it also handles unsupported arguments
13472: This Python function takes an array of regular expressions and applies them to the input string, returning all matches as separate elements within another list which is returned by
13473: This Python script creates an empty array of the same length as strList. It then iterates over each item from 'keys' and assigns its
13474: This Python function finds the shortest subarray in an array that sums up to 'target' value. It uses two pointers and keeps track
13475: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and calculates minimum size of rectangle.  It then returns both these two values as output which are essentially
13476: This script is used to extract property details from the bootstrap Data. It populates dictionary with key value pairs of properties and their corresponding values based on
13477: This line of the program calculates and assigns to lcm variable, which is least common multiple. The value calculated by adding 'max_number
13478: This Python function returns the string representation of an inputted 'proposition' based on its value. If it is equal to “*”, then
13479: This function checks the type of input and returns either 'Binary', or it determines whether its value is Real, Complex.  If not binary then
13480: This Python script splits an IP address into its four parts using the '.' character as separator then checks if it is valid or not based on
13481: This script lists all the file names with specified extension from given directory, excluding any hidden ones using Python's builtin functions and libraries like '
13482: This Python function finds the longest substring without repeating characters. It uses dictionary to keep track of character's last occurrence as well its current position '
13483: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
13484: If the input 'None' or empty, return it as such without any changes to its content in HTML formatting context." I am trying
13485: A dictionary is created to map particle effects from the given JSON Schema. The keys are unique identifiers and values represent each individual attribute controlled attached particles
13486: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13487: This Python function calculates the two spins of an electron in 3D space by using given parameters and returns them as outputs along with their corresponding effective
13488: This Python function calculates the value of an option. The formula is based on Black Scholes model, but with some modifications to fit our specific use
13489: If the input "complex patterns" isn't of type List then it converts to one by wrapping its value inside an array; otherwise creates
13490: This Python function calculates the damages of different weapons based on their level. It raises an exception if 'invalid' value is given as input to it
13491: If the input string "Field" has an odd number of characters and it's not whitespace at position [0], return only those non space
13492: This line of the given Python script returns 3. The variable 'k' is assigned to be equal with value two and then printed out on screen
13493: Copies the dictionary 'b' and assigns it to variable "c". The values of each key from dictioanry are copied into new
13494: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
13495: This script calculates the sine and Cosine of angles in an array. The lengths are calculated using 'length' function, subtraction is done to
13496: This function initializes the variables 'row' and 'column', both set to zero. It then sets these two values equal with their respective lengths of
13497: This Python function replaces the prefixes 'block' with an empty string from any given inputted addresses, such as Block 1 or block/
13498: This Python script initializes an empty dictionary named 'mpd' with parameters related to Markov Decision Processes and returns the initialized dictionaries as output
13499: This Python script opens the file at given path and reads its content into memory in binary mode using read(). It then decodes that buffer to text format
13500: This Python script reads configuration settings from an environment variable and updates the config dictionary with these values if they exist or default to None/missing as specified
13501: This function resizes an image based on the aspect ratio. It takes in two parameters - 'miniature' and maximum length of one side which
13502: If the dictionary has no keys, raise an error. Else return one of two possible results based on length and whether or not they are equal in
13503: Pixelated Ship, currently undergoing scheduled downtime. Maintenance in progress at the moment due to server issues and temporary unavailability of
13504: This Python script converts the input string to ASCII values and then back. It uses builtin functions of python like ord() which returns an integer
13505: This Python function takes an input string of parameters and converts it into dictionary format where each parameter is split by ' ', then the key/value pairs
13506: This Python function takes as input an outer dictionary and list of keys, then it returns the corresponding values from that dict. It does so by iterating
13507: This function calculates the negative logarithm of chi squadre plus its own term and adds to it some additional terms which are added in order
13508: If the input 'None' or an empty list, return "[].\t". Otherwise convert and format it as string with newline character at end
13509: This Python script removes the leading whitespace from each string within an array of strings, if there are no such elements it returns that same list as input
13510: This Python script attempts to parse an XML file and find the first occurrence of '<event>' with name attribute as <"dataset". It then
13511: This function returns an empty list when the input string 'region' in none, otherwise it splits and return as result of splitting by comma character into
13512: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13513: This function converts non numeric values to floats and replaces commas with dots before conversion from string into number data types like int or fl
13514: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'input_list' based on certain conditions. The keys are tup
13515: This python function calculates the remainder of two numbers when divided by another.  It's called modulus operation and it is used to find out
13516: This function calculates the index of an array based on three indices. The formula is simple, it's just adding up all these values and returning
13517: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns another list. The first element of the output is calculated by multiplying each corresponding pair from 's
13518: This Python function doubles the value of 'p' until it is equal to or greater than ‘x’. The final result will be returned
13519: This function takes as input the list of integers, and returns another one with each element divided by its maximum value. If all elements are zero or negative
13520: This function calculates the weighted sum of three parameters based on their respective alphas. The weights are determined by alpha values, which determine how much
13521: This Python script slices the last element of an array, removes ".IN" from it and replaces all dots with underscores. It then conver
13522: This Python function will keep appending an underscore to the end of 'current' string until it finds one that is also present as part or "
13523: Code: Creates an array of length equal to the number or 'colours' and initializes it with zeros. If there are less than
13524: A function that performs operations on data using paginated and sorted results. It supports filtering by different parameters in the request query string, which are then used
13525: Splits the input string into components, then constructs dictionary with key/value pairs based on these component values and returns it as output of function
13526: If both numbers are zero, return the original string. Else it will lowercase first 'n' characters of each part depending on their values in
13527: This function checks whether the first value is greater than or equal to second. If it's true then returns minimum of max between two bounds else return
13528: This function returns 1 if the input x is positive, and zero otherwise. It's equivalent to Python builtin bool() but in one line
13529: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input, and returns another dictionary with the same keys but values are calculated based on corresponding entries from both inputs using
13530: Checks whether two dice rolls are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – one line of Python function that does just
13531: This Python script opens the file 'last_id' and writes its value to it, which is then returned by function lastId().  The return
13532: A dictionary is created with the first two elements as keys and values of one. This creates an initial state where we have only three unique pairs in our
13533: This is an infinite loop that continues until the remainder of 'value' divided by ‘m’ equals to zero. In each iteration, it incre
13534: This Python function reads an input string, and breaks it into lines. It then iterates over each character of the current "line" until encountering
13535: This line of the given Python script adds up two values from dictionary "meta" with keys 'kicks' and returns their sum.  The first
13536: This function returns the result of subtracting 'b' from both sides and then multiplying it by variable "x".  It is used to perform
13537: This Python script calculates the surface of circle using radius r and returns it as an output in console or return statement if function is called directly from another
13538: This Python function checks if there's at least one negative number in the list. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or an error message
13539: This line of Python script converts the input List to set, which automatically removes any duplicate values. Then it returns that converted Set as its output in
13540: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in space using Euclidean Distance formula and returns it as result, which is then multiplied by
13541: This Python function generates the workflow name based on some input parameters. The output is in string format and it's formatted as WORK FLOW NAME
13542: If 'a' is equal to ‘b’, it returns the value of variable "B". ElseIf condition checks whether B equals zero
13543: This line of the given C++ program returns “shifted” value. The number is shifted left by 'i' bits, where "<<
13544: This Python script attempts to read the content of an existing textfile at given path and returns it if successful; otherwise raises error with message indicating that provided
13545: This function checks if the first element of two tuples are in ascending order. If they're not it returns False; otherwise True is
13546: This Python script uses the map and filter functions to iteratively process each news item from 'existing' collection. It creates an initial "set"
13547: This function takes two parameters, 'given' and ‘selected’. If the value of parameter `mode` is equal to“include” it
13548: Classifies values into het, homogenous ('hom'), outliers.""" (END OF CODE BLOCKS)]]],
13549: A dictionary is created from the list of strings using key value pairs as split by 'equals' sign and then returned back to be used later on
13550: This line of the given python function calculates and returns 'new' value based on input parameters. The calculation is done by multiplying original parameter "
13551: Attempts to read the string from doc and convert it into text. If successful, assign its value as txt; otherwise raise an exception with message
13552: This Python function calculates the ratio of lengths^(power='cubed') and returns it.  It takes three arguments, each representing
13553: This Python function calculates the average annual change in stock price over one year. The first and last values of 'Profit/Loss' are
13554: If no input provided or the first argument of function call isn't an object that can be processed by Pipeline class then it returns 'Item'.
13555: Find and replace the first occurrence of '{0}' in "Template" with given substring/number if it exists; otherwise return original Template else
13556: This script reads in the chromsome names from an external file and stores them into Python list.  It then prints out these values to verify that they
13557: Returns the second and third elements of two tuples.  The first element is taken from right tuple, while keeping its position in case it'
13558: If the message is of type 'Message', then it checks whether there's an attribute named as text or sticker, and returns their respective values
13559: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space, given their coordinates. The result is then returned as an output of that specific
13560: This Python script calculates the closest object to your cursor on screen using its IDs as identifiers and returns that identifier if it exists; otherwise return
13561: This line of the given python script calculates and returns an output in decibels based on two input values, which are multiplied by each other
13562: This function flattens the input collection. If it's not already flat or one of its elements are lists/tuples then return as
13563: If the user does not provide an input, it defaults to 3 times larger than required samples and sets GUL threshold as zero; otherwise both are
13564: This Python script opens the file specified by "file" and writes string to it in one line using write() function then prints out that same message after
13565: Returns the MIME type of an application that uses DCOS Universe Repository format with specified version number and character set information – v10,
13566: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13567: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13568: This script creates an empty list, then appends the paths to three images in that order - center path left and right respectively – into it using
13569: This function checks whether the given object 'is instance of' List. If it does then multiplies each item by provided Scaler and returns as new
13570: This Python script calculates the radius of an ellipse in STL file format and its corresponding linear dimension, then computes eccentricity from
13571: This Python script takes an input string of numbers separated by 'X', converts them to integers and sorts the resultant list in ascending order using
13572: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an array split by separators and limit it to two parts using indexing method in python
13573: If the 'incoming' dictionary contains an entry with either of keys equal to “Body” and/or  ``` raw body ```",
13574: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on that. If it's integer then returns as given else converts string to
13575: This Python function returns an XML string that represents the geometry of type 'Spherical' with given raduis.  The returned object is represented as
13576: This Python function checks the second element of an enumeration and returns different values based on its first character. If it's less than, equal to
13577: This function calculates the angle in degrees between two points on Earth's surface. It takes into account that angles are measured clockwise from north and
13578: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two very large numbers, which is equivalent to one part in ten million and another parts at five tr
13579: This script calculates the statistics of reviews from one URL. The first review is selected and its properties are extracted, then all other messages' processing time
13580: This line of the script removes any instances where 'None' values are present. It then checks to see whether or no such value exists and returns True
13581: This line of the given Python script returns length after removing all spaces from transcipt variable using replace() function and then applying built in python method to
13582: This function checks if the rectangle A is within B. The four coordinates of each corner are given as inputs to determine whether or not they form part
13583: This Python script converts the dictionary into another format. The new key is created by concatenating prefix and index of each item from original dict(di
13584: This line of the Python function returns an output that is calculated by dividing 'level' variable with another constant, which in our case it equals to
13585: This function checks whether the file is an OS X MachO binary or not by checking its extension, returning true when it's .macho
13586: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from 'ffs' list that contain word forward, which is equivalent to filtering out any method names
13587: This function converts file size in Bytes to its equivalent value with units. It uses the round() method from Python's math module and returns
13588: This line of the Python script checks whether 'X' is zero. If it isn’t, then an empty string will be returned; otherwise -
13589: A function that returns an object with the filename and scale properties set to iClip's default values in Python scripting language using JSON formatting
13590: This line of Python script returns the type information from an object. It uses list comprehension to iteratively get attributes and their types using 'dir'
13591: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is constructed by shifting bits in r, g and b. The resultant value will be
13592: Checks if the status of an object is 'Running' and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, else it will default to "" which
13593: This Python script generates an array of dictionaries from the given list. Each dictionary contains information about one track, including its title and artist name but ex
13594: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the value stored at variable 'x' less than or equal to that held by var
13595: If the input is both ‘zero’, return 'Sequence'. Else it returns either sliced version of string with N's appending
13596: This line of the given C++ program is creating an integer with all bits set to one, which can be used as part or full color value.
13597: This Python function resizes an image by scaling its dimensions. It takes the original width and length of each dimension as input parameters 'curr' to
13598: This line of the program is creating an array with all elements set to 0. The number 'b' represents how many times each color channel will
13599: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns their factorial. The first number is the result of multiplying one or more consecutive integers from
13600: Removes HTML tags from the input string.  It uses regular expressions to find and remove any text enclosed within '<>' brackets in Python
13601: If the `RACK_ID is less that zero, raise an error. Otherwise return Racking ID as it was given by user input in function
13602: This line of the given Python function returns only lower nibble from an integer. The binary representation is used to isololate and retrieve specific bits in
13603: This Python script sorts the list of 'cols' into two lists, one with task id and dag ID as well other than these three fields
13604: This Python function tries to convert the input 'str' into an integer. If it fails, then returns original string as is; otherwise converts and
13605: This function scales the given 'value' between 0 and "1" based on its position in relation to another value. The scale is linear,
13606: If there are no requests, return zero. Otherwise calculate the average of sybmile acceptance rate and request count ratio with respect to total accepted counts plus
13607: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13608: This function returns the same string repeated n times. It's an example of Pythonic way to repeat strings in python using '*'. 1
13609: If the required tables are not present, return "None". Otherwise proceed with finding and returning 'Table' in question.  Code is checking to see
13610: This Python function takes in the string representation of cards and returns an integer. It checks if first character is 'a', then it assigns to return
13611: This function calculates the sum of all elements in an array, excluding any duplicated ones. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it'
13612: Returns the value of an object in dictionary based on its style. If not found it returns 'None'.   [END] Code snippet is
13613: This function returns the result of raising two to power b. It's an example in Python programming language where we are using bitwise operators and built
13614: This Python function takes two lists of names, combines them into one and then finds the intersection between these combined list. The result is divided by total number
13615: This Python function calculates an exponential using modular arithmetic. It checks whether input values are within valid ranges before performing calculations to avoid overflows/under
13616: This function checks if there is any zero element present within the given 3D array. If such an occurrence exists, it returns 'True', otherwise
13617: This function calculates the reciprocal of “negative threshold”, which is used in various machine learning algorithms to avoid division by zero error when
13618: If the MAC address is already present, it checks whether its lease has been updated since last check. –If so - returns that record; otherwise
13619: If the variable 'value' is equal to "unknown", it returns its own definition, otherwise return whatever else was given.  The function also has
13620: This Python function is used to calculate the optimal shift between frames. It starts with an initial value of zero, then increments by one until it finds
13621: This line of the Python function returns an imaginary number multiplied by some constant, N^(3/4), divided with another complex variable. The
13622: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13623: This line of the script calculates and returns an era value by dividing it from another variable. The result is then multiplied with 'lg_
13624: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13625: This function returns '>>' when the input is 1 or -3 and it will always output either of two strings. If not one out these
13626: If the value of 'X' is less than zero, it sets its new val to be equal with "setVal" and then returns that.
13627: This Python function returns the appropriate value of 'val' based on whether it is less than 1. If true, then return string with red;
13628: This line of Python script checks whether the variable 'v' holds an instance that can be iterated over. If it does and its last element exists
13629: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The function takes as input 3 lists of numbers, and returns their corresponding distances calculated
13630: This line of the Python script checks if 'selector' starts with either "name=" OR an ampersand (" &").  It returns True
13631: This Python script converts the input line into an integer. It does so by iterating over each character of string and converting it to its ASCII
13632: This function checks if the given 'multiple' is divisible by ‘mod’. If it isn\'t then subtracts that remainder
13633: This Python function is used to filter out only the open businesses from given list of business location objects and returns them as new results object with all filtered data
13634: This Python function copies the table names from one dataframe to another and returns them as an array or string depending on input parameters; it raises error when
13635: This line of Python script splits the inputted text into two parts at "--" and then removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each part
13636: This Python script generates an array of indices that correspond to the set bits in binary representation, upto 4 bytes or less depending on your system'
13637: This Python function splits the URL into its components and returns last part which is usually query value in HTTP requests, if any present at all."
13638: Returns the 'systemEventID' of an object, if it exists in that specific instance or returns None otherwise – Code snippet to be
13639: This function takes two parameters, route and deployment. It returns the combination of these as string in format "<Route>_<Deployments".
13640: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in 3D space using an equation derived from Euler's method. The parameters are as
13641: This Python script replaces the string 'none' with `" None "' in an inputted JSON array and then splits it into individual elements based
13642: This python script is used to generate the Fibonacci sequence, but it also keeps track of divisibility by one and generates new terms
13643: This Python function sorts the list of contributions based on their creation date and then score in descending order. The lambda functions are used to specify how
13644: This function calculates the number of deadlines in an assignment. If 'k' is equal to one, it returns '-n + 1'. El
13645: This Python function checks the condition of an equation and returns its result, or else it will return 'None'. The input parameters are all integers except d
13646: This function compares two strings character by character, returning true if the first string is "smaller" than or equal to second. If they are
13647: Indents to given level with space characters – e..g, three levels will result in four leading whitespace character(s)."  ```
13648: This function is used to indent the lines of text in Python, similar functionality as using "tab" key on some IDEs or editors like V
13649: This Python script creates an empty array, then splits the input string 'X' into its constituent parts using dot as separator and appends
13650: This Python function takes an array of characters as input and returns the first non null character. If all are empty or only contain whitespace then it will
13651: This Python script reads from the file 'lexicons', splits each row by '\r'. The second part of every split is used as key
13652: This line of the Python script calculates and returns twice its initial value, raised to an exponent equal in number with half part or fractional parts.
13653: This line of the given Python script sets 'brightness' to zero, or whatever value it currently has. If there was no previous assignment/definition
13654: Copies the contents of dictionary 'd' into another new one, then assigns each key from second dict to its corresponding value on first and returns
13655: If the list is empty, return none. Else check whether there's only one key in dictionary and then returns its value; otherwise it will
13656: This script checks the job's maximum resident set size. If it surpasses its base and/or Peak limits, an error is returned with
13657: This Python function calculates the remaining learning hours based on current course duration and completion percentage. The result is then multiplied by some constant factor to make
13658: This script is used to extract the list of all 'order' items from an input dictionary object named ```"OrdersDict".```
13659: This script calculates the average of all values associated with each metric name across multiple data sets. The results are stored as dictionary entries where one entry'
13660: This Python script calculates the average ranks of three lists and sorts them to find commonality levels among items within these groups/lists using list comprehension
13661: This function removes all line breaks from the given string 'Comment'. It uses Python's built in find() method to locate any new lines ('\\
13662: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'tokens' using space as delimiter and then filters out any empty strings from those resulting
13663: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
13664: If the lengths of string ‘s’ and 't' are not equal, it returns False. Otherwise - True is returned as both strings have
13665: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13666: This line of Python script is used to find the last occurrence '}' in string "subject". If it doesn't exist, return original text;
13667: If the 'ignore' parameter isn’t provided, it returns all non-"ignored" values found within "measures". Otherwise - based on
13668: This script creates an empty list and fills it with the ids of all available ladder levels from 'settings' dictionary, then returns that as output which
13669: If vector DM vec is not equal to matrix q list, it will print "vector &amp;#34matrixmust& amp;& #
13670: If the length of ```python`'s input is less than 2, return true because it can be considered as an empty string or single
13671: If the string 'two' is found within any part of input, return it as two; otherwise check whether '-exclusively', appears at end
13672: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
13673: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of an input bounding box. It also handles cases where one or more dimensions are smaller
13674: This function takes in an input string and returns the second part of any matching bracketed section, if it exists; otherwise just converts to all
13675: This line of Python script calculates the number or 'ticks' per beat, given Bpm and Resolution in beats/minute as input
13676: This Python function counts the number of occurrences within given 'Text' string that matches with provided Pattern. It uses sliding window approach to find
13677: This function checks the dataype of numpy array and returns corresponding C++ data type. If it's not float, then return none as
13678: This Python function takes an input sentence and returns the same output as if it was capitalized first then uppercased after each word is processed by given
13679: If the length of 'Row' is 1, return its first element. Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning it as in original form."
13680: This function splits the input string by ' T ', returning only second part of it.  The result is then concatenated with other parts in reverse
13681: This line of the Python script is creating an URL by concatenating two strings. The first string, "https://www..." contains base url and second
13682: Returns the part of 'router' after removing prefix.  The length is determined by adding one to len() function which returns number characters in string and
13683: This script is used to filter out the configurations of interfaces that are not NGS trunks.  It does so by checking whether each configuration has an
13684: This function returns the subpart of 'main' that is present at index where it finds first occurrence. If no such part exists, then return None
13685: This function returns the result of multiplying 'parameter' by ‘z’, where "+" is used to add and rounding off decimal
13686: This Python script generates the cache array with labels. The size of label is determined by 'len' function on "labelling" list, and it
13687: This Python script splits the file name from its extension and returns only it's base part, which is effectively just "." if there are any
13688: Calculates the difference between two years and returns negative value of that. If result is less than zero, it's converted to positive by returning neg
13689: This line of the given Python script is returning last element from split string. The "instance" data dictionary contains information about an AWS EC2 Instance
13690: This python function calculates the value of an equation based on some given variables. The values are multiplied by themselves, then added together in different orders
13691: This Python function checks whether the given string is empty or starts with an unsupported character. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false will be
13692: This line of the given python function calculates and returns total volume in grid. It takes two parameters term_volume, which is calculated from another variable
13693: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The 'bits' variable determines how many significant positions to use,
13694: If power status is True, return the value of 'text'. Else check whether number intervals greater than 1. Return "placeholder" otherwise
13695: This function checks if the string "LATINX" is present in any of two given lists by checking each element against both conditions; it returns
13696: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'fields' if they are present, else assigns them as missing. The
13697: This Python function takes as input an iterable of sequence objects, and returns the concatenation or union set between all these sequenced elements using extend()
13698: This function replaces all occurrences of 'OLD' with another string ('SHOPC') within an existing list/string('NEW CRU
13699: This Python function calculates the row number of an input binary search tree. The algorithm works by using Binary Search to find maximum and minimum values,
13700: This Python script uses list comprehension to find the common allels between two strings. It then returns whether there are any such elements present or not
13701: If the string `s` does not exist, return an empty dictionary. Otherwise continue with processing as normal in Python scripting language using elif and else
13702: This function checks if the current state of our game is over. If it finds an "U" character, we know that there are no more possible
13703: Sorts the list of dictionaries by "fitness" in descending order.  The lambda function is used to extract value from each dictionary
13704: This Python script is used to parse through the input file and extracts specific information from it based on certain conditions, then stores these extracted data into two
13705: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns half part from an input number. The calculation is done by multiplying '(output_sha
13706: This Python function returns the HTTP headers required to make an API request.  It includes two header fields, Content Type and Accept which are set according
13707: This function is used to find the first occurrence of an ID within list 'concept'. If found, it returns ‘True’ and its position
13708: A dictionary of IP addresses and their corresponding DNS names, used to resolve multcast dnscache entries in the system's network stack –
13709: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13710: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13711: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components, checks if it ends with an integer and returns that number or 'None' otherwise
13712: If the length of 'expression' is odd, return false. Otherwise continue with next line to check whether it contains any special characters or digits and
13713: This Python script converts the list of dictionaries into dictionary with participant id as key and name from "Participants' names".  It uses Dictionary
13714: This python program calculates the total of all numbers from 3 to n, and checks if that value is equal with 'k'. If yes then
13715: Convert temperature from degrees of Celcis to Degrees Fehreinhet. ''''   Code snippet is simple and easy on how
13716: If the 'err' variable is 1, it will return its own value. Else when err<= -49687 then
13717: This function checks whether the argument is an URL or not, and returns 'URL' when it finds one otherwise return path – based on its location
13718: Checks if the length of 'faccode' is greater than or equal to 1. If true, it returns True; otherwise False."""
13719: This Python script generates an indexed dictionary of tokens where the value at each key is its previous token. The 'len' function counts how many elements
13720: This Python function returns an HTML anchor tag with the provided URL and opens it in new tab. The text inside of these tags is also set to be
13721: This function returns the same result as its input, but with fewer lines of codes. The condition checks whether 'string' is less than 9 and
13722: This Python function checks if the inputted text matches an IP address format and returns it, or else return original unmodified version of that data as
13723: This script splits the input string into separate line strings, then joins them back together with an optional separator between each one of these joined parts using
13724: This Python function checks if the number of images is zero or not. If it's 3 then return true else false and also check their sizes
13725: If the 'matcher' is None, return an empty dictionary.  Otherwise do nothing and simply end up with no output or result in Python script
13726: If the expression 'expr' refers to an integer number or function call with one argument then it returns that value; otherwise nothing happens and continues execution of
13727: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse and match strings that represent sizes with units of memory like "3G", “678MB”
13728: A function that returns the dictionary with keys 'olibox' and values as input parameters.  The output is in JSON format which includes both O
13729: This line of the Python script converts all uppercase characters in string to lower case and returns it as output, which is then stored into variable '
13730: This function checks if the input string contains any non ASCII characters. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that all ch
13731: This Python script filters out lines containing specific keywors from the input data, removing duplicates and returning only unique ones as output of function 'filter
13732: This Python function is used to select the candidate from list of possible choices based on their measure value, which are stored as strings within another string array '
13733: A program that creates an empty list and then iterates over the input string. If it encounters any character from 'a' to ‘z
13734: Code is used to create and manage gene objects. It uses the Ensembl REST API's JSON output format as input data source which contains information
13735: This line of Python script splits the input string 'name' into parts using dot as separator and then returns concatenated strings with prefix Dataset
13736: This function takes in an input string, converts it to lowercase and removes any whitespace. It then replaces all the white spaces with single
13737: This Python function deletes the specified index from each row of 'input' list. It uses two variables to keep track if we are currently looking at
13738: This Python function calculates the date in months and days based on whether it's February bumping or not. It also takes into account if leap
13739: This Python function checks whether the given string is validly formatted as an array of brackets or not, ie., it returns true only when parent
13740: This function checks the value of 'status' flag and returns true or false based on its state. If it is not A, then return as FALSE
13741: This Python script creates an object with three keys - 'API', which contains links to the API endpoints; ‘Actions’ that contain action names
13742: This Python function checks the type of input and decodes it to UTF8 before returning as string or raises an error in case any other types are
13743: This function returns the result of shifting left by 'bits' places in binary representation. The value is then ANDed with all ones, resulting an integer
13744: This Python function checks whether an input is present as key of the dictionary. If it's not, then returns None; otherwise return its value from
13745: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, x and y. The difference between 'y' from one number to another is subtracted firstly
13746: This function checks if two rectangles intersect. If they do it returns True; otherwise False is returned by the programmer using Python programming language –
13747: Convert Hexadecimal string to bytes. 16 bit representation of the input is converted into its equivalent byte form in memory using UTF
13748: This function calculates the area of an ellipse with given width and semi major axis 'ws' as input parameter, using mathematical formulae provided
13749: Increments the value of 'sum' by ‘units’ and then returns it. The operation is performed in one line using an assignment statement
13750: This function takes in four parameters and returns the coordinates of an object's bounding rectangle. The first two are its position on screen; third is
13751: If the attribute "tvm\_cbk" exists in object named main then return its value else do nothing and finally output resultant string of function
13752: This Python script checks the file extension of an inputted filename and returns only its name without any extensions, depending on whether it's ".dll
13753: This Python function finds the most frequent element from an input list. It works by counting up elements until it encounters one that repeats more than half
13754: Checks whether the cell's neighbors are either 0 or exactly two. If so, it returns true; otherwise false and end of function execution
13755: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13756: This function calculates the number of cells in an NxN grid that are surrounded by at least one border cell. The input shape is expected to
13757: This line of Python script returns the remainder when each element 'V[n][m+1],' is divided by ‘p’. The
13758: This Python script uses the intersection of sets to find all unique features that exist across multiple lists within 'featsLists'. The result is then converted
13759: This Python function checks whether two variables are equal. If they're both the same type and have equivalent values, it returns `False`; otherwise
13760: This function checks whether the input argument can be considered as string. It also handles different types of inputs like tuples with more than one element or
13761: This Python function takes in an input dictionary and returns two values. The first value is the "filename" from that specific key within our 'output'
13762: Replace all occurrences of 'A', ‘C’ and/or "G” with the character U in string seq. The
13763: This Python function takes an array of three elements representing the color and another element that represents its 'similarity' as input. It then returns these values
13764: Check the existence of specific keywords or strings within text.  If found, return true; otherwise false is returned based on whether they exist as either one
13765: This function converts the ASCII value of an uppercase or lower case letter to its corresponding position in alphabet. For example, 'A'
13766: This function checks whether the URL contains '//' and splits it into two parts based on that character; otherwise returns original string as is - then
13767: Code is checking if the current element of 'queue' matches with given values. If it does then return false else true or continue to next iteration based
13768: This program calculates the number of seconds, minutes and hour from an inputted time in millisecond. The output is displayed as 'X d',
13769: This script checks whether the key 'ordering' is present and creates an empty dictionary with keys as nodes of graph. If it exists, then assign
13770: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters. If 'r' is 0, it returns "None". Otherwise return
13771: Checks whether 'viewers hostname/IP address exists as an entry under configuration. If it doesn’t exist then throws and errors with message
13772: A matrix of size 'n' is created with all elements as zero. Then the rows are filled from left to right while columns also fill up top
13773: This Python script generates two lists from the given 'mentions' list. The first one is made up of unique concept ID’ s, and second
13774: If 'x' is found as key, return its value. Else returns an empty string ("") – Pythonic way to handle absence of
13775: If the distance between 'eps' and ‘mid’ is less than or equal to Epsilon, return true. Else check whether middle value
13776: This function checks if all characters of the input string are unique. It does so by converting each character to its ASCII value and storing it as an
13777: This Python function calculates the amount of liquid needed to make one cupcake. The input is an object representing each ingredient and its quantity, which
13778: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an array, which is used to normalize data before applying machine learning algorithms on it using scikit
13779: This function calculates the Mean Squared Error between two lists 'ys' and returns it as an output or prints error message when lengths are
13780: This function calculates the typing speed in terms of characters per minute. It raises an error when given negative or zero values, and returns how many minutes
13781: This function calculates the power of c to be raised by exponentiation with modulo operation. The result is returned in base 'n'.  It
13782: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'replicaitonTasks' object and adds each one to our new "task
13783: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It takes the temperature in degrees of freezing point, subtracts it
13784: A dictionary with the HPO ID and description of sezures.  It also includes genes associated to these diseases in terms list format."
13785: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by 1 if it's positive, else zero. It is equivalent to "if"
13786: This function takes an index as input and returns the result of integer division by two. The purpose is to demonstrate how one can use Python's built
13787: This function is used to construct the model based on its type and arguments. It takes as input an object with keys 'config' which contains information about
13788: This script loads two dictionaries from JSON files named "reference" and test."  It then compares the keys of these dicts to find any
13789: This function checks if the string 'disablenear' is present within given input. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None
13790: This function calculates the "box" coordinates of an element in grid. The input is two dimensions, and it returns one dimension as output which represents
13791: This Python script attempts to parse the given JSON object and print out some of its properties. If an error occurs during processing, it prints that in addition
13792: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' comp', which should be an instance of Tuples or not. If it does then returns string
13793: This function checks whether the request contains gzipped content. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no compression was used
13794: This Python function calculates the angle of an object's "shadow" or reflection from its initial position, given by 'math as in python'.
13795: Checks whether the player has only one different color of cards. If so, returns true and sets 'second' to be that second playing Card else
13796: This Python script splits the string '.' into parts, and if there are less than 4 digitis it adds zeros to make its length
13797: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
13798: This function returns the RGB values based on an input 'color'. The colors are defined as follows - red(1), green/yellow(/blue):
13799: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by one eighth and dividing it into three sixths, which is equivalent to converting from degrees
13800: This Python script grants permissions to the specified URIs. It accepts two parameters, 'uri' and ‘permission’ which are used as input
13801: This line of the given Python function returns an index calculated by adding '(~' followed immediately after it, which is equivalent to bitwise NOT operation
13802: This function checks whether the given word is an adverb or not. It returns true when it finds one of these tags, and false otherwise; ie
13803: This script checks if the inputted crypto type exists within an array of known valid types and returns either 'True' or error message depending on whether
13804: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input string 'name'. If it finds any word that starts with either of two strings
13805: Sorts the list of dictionaries by first element in each dictionary.  This is done using Python's builtin function 'sort'. The l
13806: This function tries to access the attribute "data" of an object. If it fails and there's no such property or if its value isn’
13807: If the source digest of an object does not exist or it's different from what we have already calculated then calculate and store its value; otherwise use
13808: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the first to `n`. If number is divisible by both three & five it returns 'f
13809: This script is creating an empty list and then iterating over the 'proc_date' data. If it finds any nonempty values, they are
13810: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, then appends each element to an array as formatted strings in order of their appearance until there
13811: Initialized the variables. 1 of each variable is set to zero, and no other values are assigned or changed in any way within that block/
13812: This function calculates the change in power output and alpha factor based on time values. The delta is calculated as 'mu' times ('time value'-
13813: This function is used to create two different configurations based on the configuration settings. The first one has batch size and number of classes as per class 0
13814: This Python function converts all upper case letters to lower and vice versaCodes that are not alphabets, it leaves them as is
13815: This Python script generates and returns all the leap Years between two given ranges of integers using list comprehension with an if condition inside it which checks whether each
13816: This function concatenates the given string with an underscore character repeated according to its length.  The result is then returned as one line of output,
13817: This Python function converts braces into curly and vice versa. It does not change anything else but just replacements of the specified characters
13818: This Python function calculates the result of an arithmetic expression. The input is checked to see whether it's not equal 0, and then
13819: If the list of expression is only one element, return that single value. Otherwise construct and returns parentheses around all elements in order to represent an
13820: This line of Python script calculates the total amount in kWh from an inputted value. The result is then multiplied by ten, and finally
13821: This function returns an empty dictionary with the key "menu" and no value.  It's used to create menu items in our application, but
13822: This Python function creates two lists by iterating over the input list 'X' with indices from 0 to len('Y')-1 where each element
13823: This line of Python script calculates the cube root.  It's very simple and efficient, but it doesn’t provide any additional information
13824: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with mappings from the CSV data. The keys of each entry are 'sources' that
13825: This function returns the identifier in string format. The type and value of an Identifier are combined into one line as "TypeName - Value".
13826: This line checks whether the 'dev' command has been used. If it hasn’t, an error will be raised with message “Device Option
13827: This Python script counts the number of substrings that are not palindromes by using list comprehension to generate all possible substring combinations from '
13828: This Python function converts the input string to bytes based on its last character and returns it as an integer rounded off with respecting SI units like P
13829: This line of Python script calculates the total time in hours. It takes three parameters d,m and ‘s’ which represent days , minutes
13830: This line of the Python function returns four variables in reverse order. The input is given as w=(q[0], ... , 1),
13831: This function checks if the given file system location starts with "/" followed by either "us", then any number of characters, which is likely to be
13832: If the error is zero, return 'zero', else calculate and subtract it from one to get an estimate of how close we are in terms off
13833: This function checks whether the first character of two strings match. If they don't, it returns false; otherwise recursively calls itself with remaining parts
13834: This function returns an object with the operator as 'and' and all of its parameters.  It is used to filter data based on multiple conditions using
13835: This function calculates the Positive Predictive Value and Negative predict value based on true positive rate(s), false negative rates or both.
13836: This Python script creates an empty array and then zips two lists together using the builtin function 'zip'. It adds each pair of elements from both
13837: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The while loop continues until 'a' becomes zero and returns
13838: This function calculates the time taken to execute an operation. It takes two arguments, 'start' and 'end', which represent times in seconds since
13839: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the outputs of each classifier from its list using their corresponding index as values under keys that
13840: This Python function takes as input the string "description" and returns another dictionary with keys from 'keymap' that map directly onto values of same
13841: If the input string isn't numeric, return zero; otherwise calculate and returns number of decimal places in it or 'None'.   Code explanation
13842: This script generates the desired number of randomized block pairs. The first element is randomly chosen from -n to n, and then it's paired
13843: This line of the given Python script checks whether `t` is equal to – or less than, but not exactly equals—to '-1'.
13844: This function counts the number of times an inputted 'word' appears within all elements inside another list, returning that count. It uses Python’s
13845: This line of the Python function calculates and returns how much percent by which an array is compared to its initial value. The result will be in percentage
13846: This line of the Python script converts an input string in HEX format to its equivalent integer representation using map and int functions with 'base' set
13847: This Python function converts degrees to hours and minutes. It takes the degree as input in float format or integer form; it calculates how many full
13848: This function returns the maximum of three numbers. It first finds out which number is smaller and then it compares that with both other two inputs to find
13849: Creates an empty dictionary and copies the items from 'l mA' to it with keys that start after given string "prefix".  It then returns
13850: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
13851: This function takes the directory path as input and returns only its basename. It does so by finding last occurrence of "/" character, then slicing
13852: If the length of string 's' is less than 2, return it as such. Else reverses and concatenates part from index [
13853: This function returns the number of days in each quarter. The input is assumed to be an integer between [0,7] representing different months and it
13854: This function calculates the Shannon entropy of an input probability distribution. The formula is derived from information theory, and it measures how much "information"
13855: Code is used to create an object that can be used in the context of creating and sending emails.  It has methods like send_mail, set
13856: This function checks whether the value of 'node' is divisible by both three & five, in which case it returns Fizzy. If not
13857: This Python function calculates the value of 'z' based on some conditions. If condition is not met, it returns zero else return result from division
13858: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13859: This Python function generates an XML string that can be used to synthesize speech using the Google Text To Speech API, with specific language and font
13860: This Python function creates an empty string and then fills it with dashes (-). The length of the input is used to determine how many times "-"
13861: If the given 'Key' doesnt exist, it returns "Default" value. Else check whether that Key has no values or nulls;
13862: Converts each 'Author' object to dictionary format. This is done by calling the function "author_to_dict" which takes an Author
13863: This function checks if the given filename starts with "whitelist_" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which is used to
13864: This Python function splits the input string into two parts, converts them to integers and returns as tuple if they are more than one part; otherwise
13865: This function checks whether the input `msg` matches with regular expression and then splits it into two parts based on that match result; otherwise an error
13866: This function calculates the number of seats needed to reach an average vote. It takes into account that one seat is reserved as default and votes are rounded
13867: This line of the Python script is checking whether 'r' value less than zero and adjusting it based on that condition, otherwise just returns original result
13868: This function takes in an input string s and returns the same text but with all uppercase letters replaced by lower case “_” separated. For
13869: This Python script generates two lists of instantaneous velocities from the displacements and time steps. The first list is generated by dividing each element
13870: Code finds the first nonempty string from an array of strings and returns it as 'volume'. If no such value is found then return empty String ("
13871: This line of the Python script is splitting up an input string by "/" and then returning only last part, which in our case would be file'
13872: This Python script checks if an element 'a' from the list "A" exists within some given number of iterations. If it does not exist then
13873: This function checks if the string contains any dots and splits it into two parts before/after. If there are no more than one dot present then
13874: This function checks whether the given number is an even or odd. If it's one of these numbers then return true else false; otherwise ->
13875: This Python script generates the URL to download GDELT data from specific date and format (.CSV). The generated link is then printed out in console
13876: This function returns the path to an .npy file that contains history data of experiments in "experiment_{{}}".format(exp). The
13877: This Python script checks whether the word 'e' is present as an ingredient. If it does, then returns two different types of messages; otherwise return
13878: This function calculates the duty cycle of an object by taking into account its percentage value. The result is rounded to two decimal places using Python's
13879: This line of the Python script is splitting each word in string s by non digit characters and then joining them back together into one single long sentence without any
13880: This Python function calculates the maximum size of an object that can be charged with one single unit. The result is rounded down to nearest integer as it
13881: This function checks whether the list 'ops' is either empty of only contains positive integers. If it does then returns true else false; otherwise return fl
13882: Checks whether the given Julianday value is within valid range. If it's outside of that scope then an error will occur with message
13883: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed. It does not reverse spaces, but instead just removes them
13884: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
13885: This function returns the string <{} [node] >. The cluster name and Node are passed as parameters to format it into one line of text with
13886: This Python script reverses the order of characters in an input string text and returns it as output, ie., "dcba".  The function
13887: This Python script filters out the files that end with given extension from list of filenames using lowercase comparison and ends method, which is case ins
13888: Prints the payload.  Returns dictionaries with key 'dummys' and value as string resource deleted."  	Type of Code : Python
13889: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as it does with no repeated characters. It uses two lists to keep track of unique character sets
13890: A dictionary is created to store the state and action pairs, with each pair having an associated value. The function then returns that dictionaries as output which
13891: This function takes in text as input and returns the same output but with each word longer than one character removed. It does so by splitting on spaces to
13892: This Python function takes in one argument, which should be either an integer or string of characters and returns the same value but with any leading/trailing
13893: If the user's current job title is CEO, return zero. Otherwise -> Return ten hundred points to reward them with their company’ s best
13894: This function checks if the input variable 'reg' is of type binominal. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or an error
13895: This Python function tries to return the string 'in' if it is found within list, else returns false.  It uses exception handling mechanism which can
13896: This Python function checks if there are any zeroes present within the list. If so, it returns 'True', otherwise - return "False".
13897: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
13898: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13899: This Python function takes as input an list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements x and y; it then returns the same output but with
13900: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
13901: This function returns the string 'metadata' followed by an id. The format of it is metadata_{}.  It was created to provide consistent naming
13902: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation that's essentially bitwise inversion. The result will be returned as hexadecimal
13903: This Python function calculates the lower and upper bounds of an interval based on given 'level' value. The calculation is done by multiplying input with
13904: This Python function checks whether the given 'year' is leap or not. A common method to check that, but it doesn’t consider some edge
13905: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on three given parameters, which is equivalent to solving equation using Vieta's formulas and then
13906: This script combines two lists of images and measurements.  It creates an empty list to store the final result, then iterates over each image/ measurement
13907: Generates dictionary with items as keys and another dict containing run number (" __ “), comment("com"), results( "res") , changes('
13908: This Python function uses the concept of memoization to calculate factorial. It checks whether 'm' and/or both inputs are zero before performing
13909: This function checks whether the input string is "*" and, If it does not contain any character other than * or . then returns its value as an
13910: Checks whether the given object s either contains attribute name or dtype. If it does then returns true else false; otherwise return None 	Function
13911: Split the input URL into name and parameters using ',' as separator; then split each parameter by ':'. If there are any empty keys/
13912: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation involves dividing 'ciphere' by key rest, then
13913: If there's only one identifier in the list of "keys", it returns that key with its value. Else where an 'None'-key
13914: This line of Python script returns the cube value. The input is multiplied by 3 and then cubed, which results in its cubic form
13915: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the values of 'prec' until there are no more elements to process in "None".
13916: This line checks whether the given string starts with "xmlns:ax". If it does, then return true; otherwise false is returned indicating that we
13917: Sorts the list of publications by repository version in descending order using Python' builtin sort function with lambda as key and set 'reverse
13918: This function checks if the given department name exists within an existing set of departments. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether
13919: If the length of input is less than or equal to one, return zero. Otherwise continue with next line as usual... Code continues here ... else part
13920: This function checks whether the input parameters are valid. If not it raises an error with appropriate message(s). It also ensures that 'BETA'
13921: This function finds the common elements between two sequences and returns them as another sequence using list comprehension, which is similar to map but with an added benefit
13922: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' or any of its elements are equal. If it isn’t an instance and raises error message otherwise
13923: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters (\rn, \rt or just n with actual换行符(LF)) in the
13924: This function checks if two lists of series are equal. It does so by comparing each pair from the first and second argument with corresponding elements at same index
13925: This line of Python script creates the keys from pathway dictionary and sorts them in descending order using another sorting function that also reverses it to
13926: This line checks the type of an object's property in IoT data, and performs different actions based on its value/type; it also handles
13927: This Python function calculates the velocity profile of two particles in an elastic collision scenario with given masses and velocities as input parameters using Euler's
13928: If the list of peak indices is empty return it as such. Otherwise find and then rearrange them based on their length in ascending order using
13929: If the key "default_" is found, it will return its value; otherwise，it copies default values from '_defauts' and updates them
13930: This Python function calculates the Fibo sequence up to 'n' using recursive method. It is similar but more efficient than iterative approach
13931: 3D visualization of the average zonal, equatorial or both sst errors over time across different cmip6 model configurations using python
13932: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'True' or ‘False’ and returns their respective string representation. If it isn`t one of
13933: This Python script loops over each character of the input "string", checks whether it's an upper case letter, and adds underscores to separate
13934: Throw an error when the maximum value is smaller then minimum.  This will prevent any possible errors in our program by ensuring that we are not comparing
13935: This line of the script replaces all spaces in model name with underscores. It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace and converts
13936: This function returns the number of days, weeks or months in an input string. It uses Python's ternary operator to return different values based
13937: This Python function returns the list of dictionaries with information about each PDF file found on HighWire's website using their API and returning it as
13938: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13939: This function takes two binary numbers as input and returns the result of bitwise left shift operation on them. The lambda expression is used to define an
13940: This Python script initializes the variable 'keywords' with some values and then uses these as keys to access elements of another dictionary, which is given
13941: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13942: This Python function splits the input string into two parts - 'Date' and Time'. If Date has only one digit in it then prepends
13943: Return an error if the transaction's estimatedGasPrice does not meet minimum requirements.  This can be used to prevent transactions from being sent when
13944: This function checks whether the input is greater than 0. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or vice versa depending on
13945: This Python function flattens the inputted nested/multidimensional array into one dimension using recursion and type checking to ensure only 'lists
13946: This line of Python script returns the names from 'card' list.  It uses dictionary comprehension to create and output an array with card name values
13947: This script is used to populate the dictionary with values from another keyword argument and return two dictionaries - one without any keys that were present as arguments
13948: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13949: This Python function generates an XML file with the given depth and contents. It creates different types of tags in each level, depending on their type ('content
13950: This function reduces the dictionary by keeping only every nth element of each type from 'taxis' list, where it keeps track on which elements to
13951: This Python function finds the maximum calories among all ceres available. It returns name of highest calorific crunchy snack as output from given list
13952: This Python function takes in the name of an image file, and returns its base part by splitting it into three parts using dot as separator; then
13953: This program implements the classic "guessing game". It takes an input from user, compares with some number and gives feedback. If they match
13954: This Python script checks the data structure's name and if it is 'List', then returns its id, else return None or an error message depending
13955: If 'data' contains an item with channel, return the value of that. Else check whether it has any channels or not; then either returns
13956: This line of the given Python script calculates frames per second based on number and tempos. It's an example to demonstrate how one might use
13957: This line of the given C++ program is creating an unsigned 4 byte integer, where each bit represents one pixel in RGBA order. The first
13958: Replaces all occurrences of '~~' and '/', with the character ‘|’. This is done to convert ~ in string into
13959: This line of Python function returns the remainder when 'total candles' is divided by three. It essentially calculates how many full sets or "b
13960: This script creates an array of characters. If the user selects 'A' or S', it adds two new elements to that list - both are
13961: This function checks whether an error has occurred in Python. If no errors have been encountered, it returns "No Error". Otherwise，it will return one
13962: This function converts the input string to all capital letters.  It uses built in Python functions like 'upper()' or by using list comprehension
13963: This function converts the input string to an integer. It iterates over each character of given labels, and if it is uppercase alphabetical
13964: This Python function calculates the value of an exponentially weighted moving average using one input parameter, 'k', and two output parameters ('x' is
13965: This function matches the pattern of parentheses in string labels and returns formatted strings based on these patterns if they exist, else it will return 'None
13966: This Python script checks the value of 'Entity' and performs different actions based on its values, such as changing it to lowercase in case that is
13967: Returns the hexadecimal representation of an integer. The result is always zero, but it's useful in some cases to quickly check if something
13968: This Python function calculates the difference between two angles, taking into account that one angle is greater than or equal to another. If either of these conditions
13969: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
13970: Sorts the reviews list by "Last Updated".  This is done using Python's built in function 'sort'. The lambda keyword allows
13971: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the first two in order. The third element is calculated as per given formula with respect to 'ys' which
13972: A SQL query to select data of type vertex in the database.  The parameter is "Name". It returns all vertices with that specific Name value,
13973: This function returns the type of given input based on its extension, if it is .yml/.txt then 'text', else '.xml' -
13974: This Python script converts time in sec into more readable format. It rounds down to the nearest whole number of full units and then calculates remaining
13975: This Python script creates an JSON response with the specified 'jRPC' id and returns it as output in case of any errors during execution or if there
13976: This Python script takes the input string "plaintext" and returns it in reverse order. The first three characters of original text are reversed while keeping
13977: This Python function duplicates each character of the input string three times. It's an example to show how strings can be manipulated with loops and
13978: This Python script creates an empty array and then iterates over the 'data' input which should be assumed to contain dictionaries with "event" key
13979: This Python script splits the input list of queries into individual entries, then creates dictionaries with ticket type and groupings from each entry using split function
13980: This function calculates the Chiral Mass of two objects by taking into account their masses and chi/r values from different sources in an assertion that
13981: This script is used to extract the URLs of all images from an API response, which are then stored into 'largerImageUrL' list
13982: This Python script sets the system's desktop environment to AdWaitaCustomTheme. It creates an image file with specified name and location, then returns
13983: This Python script checks if the length of results is 4, and then verifies that each sublist has exactly two elements. If not it raises
13984: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, but it uses different powers. The first number is divided by 4 and then raised to power one
13985: This function returns the URL to submit an assignment on Cousra's website, which is built by concatenating 'http:///', course id
13986: If either of the times are not provided, return "None". Otherwise calculate and returns absolute difference between two given timestamps. The function will also
13987: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return it as such; otherwise strip any leading/trailing whitespace and then split into individual
13988: This line of the given Python script is creating an object called 'package' that combines two strings. The first string in combination with another, creates and
13989: If the vector is not of size three, raise an error. This ensures that we are working with correct data types and sizes in our calculations/oper
13990: This script checks if an id is present within the list of all available IDs. If it'is, then return true; otherwise false or error
13991: This Python function converts the name of an object to lowercase and adds it with its type. If there is no specific key associated then default value
13992: "A simple, no operation method that doesn't do anything."  */"", {}));} else if(typeof arg1 ==
13993: If X and/or ‘y’ are not equal lengths then raise an error. Otherwise perform elementwise subtraction or addition depending on which is
13994: This function generates an iterable of numbers from 'start' to end with the specified step. It is similar in functionality and purpose as Python builtin
13995: This script checks if the given filename ends with any of several extensions, and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it will return "
13996: This function takes an id as input and returns the last digit of that ID, which is assumed to be part numbering in some system where digits
13997: This Python function converts the dictionary into two dictionaries that map from unique identifiers to their original values and vice versa respectively using frequency of occurrence
13998: A dictionary to map between different types of marriage statuses and their corresponding abbreviations in the USPS standardized name system – single -> S
13999: This Python script calculates the percentage of ADC value that falls within an interval defined by two values and whether or not one is greater than another based on
14000: This Python script generates hexadecimal colors from an input list of values. The output is the RGB equivalent as string formatting with ':' and
14001: This script checks the current CLI Version, splits it into its components to determine whether an update/reinitialization of resources would be necessary based
14002: This Python script is designed to check if the source of an object matches with one specified. If it does, then return true; otherwise false or None
14003: This Python function calculates the value of 'c' in equation "(a*b^k + e)/((f+g)*h)"
14004: This Python function splits the URL into two parts based on "/" and returns them in reverse order as tuple(last part, second last).
14005: This Python function checks the input 'value' and returns it, or "high", when greater than an upper limit ("low"), otherwise return either
14006: This line of the script is creating an initial year variable that will be used to generate future years. The purpose here was simply getting it into 3
14007: Initializes the south polling example. ––-->
```      def __call__(self, *args): return self._
14008: This script filters out the "--" output format options from command line arguments and appends an additional one at end with default value of --ouput_
14009: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14010: If the key 'vulnerability' exists within dict, return its value. Else it returns string “no title” as default response
14011: This Python script splits the input string on semicolons and then creates dictionaries from each of these key/values sets, where keys are extracted
14012: This function returns two values from the input. The first is obtained by bitwise AND operation with mask of all bits set to one and then shifting right
14013: This function checks if the file extension of an inputted string is " . daemon".  It returns True or False accordingly. The purpose behind it
14014: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14015: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using base and height. (Note that it's not possible if either or both inputs are
14016: This function calculates the ratio of long word count to sentence length, rounded off with 4 decimal places. It'll be used in text analysis
14017: This Python script generates the required output by iterating over all 'mentions' data, filtering out any entries that do not contain both keys ('key
14018: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
14019: This Python function generates the semantic versions based on input parameters. It checks if an invalid 'release' or any other parameter is passed, and raises error
14020: Code to convert an integer into its binary representation. 10 -> 3, "a" => '9' and so on...;
14021: This Python script counts the number of points within an ellipse defined by center coordinates, radiuses 'r' with respect to grid size. The
14022: This function calculates the number of iterations needed to complete one full cycle through an array. It takes into account both word count and iteration speed, returning
14023: This function is used in the context of a signal processing algorithm where an error tolerance value, 'tolerance', needs determining based on certain conditions or
14024: This function checks whether an input string is valid as per the rules of emails, ie., it should contain one and only "." character followed by
14025: This Python script splits the input string on ":" and returns second piece of split result, stripped from leading/trailing white spaces if any
14026: This function returns an empty array when the input 'none' or any other non iterable object are given. It also handles lists and instances of `
14027: This function checks if all characters of the input string are digits or not using Python's builtin is_anagram method and returns True only
14028: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of dictionaries. If it encounters duplicate IDs within each iteration and if
14029: If the condition is true, it treats as 'True', otherwise if not then returns false. This function checks whether to use barrier or no barring
14030: This script is used to extract the class names from Hydras classes and store them into an array, then return that list of supportable Classes/H
14031: This Python function converts the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it's 'True', returns 1, and otherwise return
14032: This function checks if two colors are close enough to each other in terms of their HUE values. If the difference between them is less than some given
14033: This function calculates the result of multiplying two parameters together. The first parameter is multiplied by 'x' and then, it gets added to
14034: This function takes two parameters, name and inputs. It returns the concatenation of these as strings with an underscore between them in Python 3 syntax
14035: This function calculates the modular inverse of 'pow' in Python. It takes three arguments and returns one value which is its modulus with respect to
14036: This line of the Python script checks if 'day' is divisible by two. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False - a simple
14037: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
14038: This Python script reads data from the given CSV file and splits each record into different variables based on comma delimiter using list comprehension in
14039: If the input 'meters' parameter isn’t provided, return nothing. Otherwise convert and output it in kilometres as an integer value of
14040: This script removes common URL components from the input string, such as 'www.' and '/'. It also replaces any other special characters with hyphens
14041: If the string starts with '-', return everything after it, else prepend '--' and append $ to make sure that there is always an initial
14042: This Python script splits the input string into individual "word" strings and then calculates each of these as an integer value based on their ASCII
14043: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to m+k, raised power by 'p'. The resultant
14044: This Python function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing true positives and negatives, then compares those to false positive/negative rates in
14045: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the "data" list' elements. The keys are tag id, while values correspond to
14046: This Python function takes in three parameters representing the current date and returns one line of text with updated values. The logic is to decrement each parameter by
14047: Code calculates the value of x in terms logarithmic scale using given values oi and ha, where ‘o’ is base 'e'
14048: This script creates two lists of time series and their corresponding system subtasks based on the input list 'TS'. The first part append all elements from TS
14049: This script checks if the number and order/type or values are correct. It then calculates min & max XY coords from given points on
14050: If Python version is “v” or above, return the dictionary of HTTP header fields; otherwise it returns an empty Dictionary object as default value in
14051: This script retrieves the URI of an incoming HTTP Request, including any path and parameters if they exist in that order as defined by RFC 3
14052: If the 'field filter' variable isn’t defined, return dictionary with all fields from original data. Otherwise process each of those specified by "Field
14053: This Python function flattens an inputted nested lists into one single level by using recursion and the builtin extend() method of python's
14054: If the "result['firmwares_level']", 'os' level, configuration match with SDN rules then return true else false.
14055: This line of the Python script checks if string "S" starts with '@' followed by two lowercase letters and then another set characters, which
14056: “Tragitti” e gli orari del primo trattare, il secondlo and the third route. Il tem
14057: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the list 't'. The keys are created by converting each element's second
14058: If the input is zero, return it as such. Otherwise calculate and returns its negative one's complement in binary representation using bitwise AND operation with
14059: If the dictionary list is empty, return an emtpy array. Otherwise sort and returns keys of first dictionaries in dictList as they are ordered
14060: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
14061: This Python function takes an input tuple and shifts its elements to the left by eight bits. The first element is shifted one bit position towards right while each
14062: If 'a' is greater than ‘b’ then swap the values of variables. This operation does not affect any other variable in your program and
14063: If the list 'series' is empty, return "fallBack" else it will display all elements in that array.  This function can be used
14064: This Python function checks if the given path is an ISO 9660 filesystem image mounted on /mnt or any subdirectory of it using Sc
14065: Initialize 3 variables, set them to zero. Then loop through each character of the input string "binaryNumber". If it's '1
14066: This Python script generates the required dictionary with variable name and symbol as keys alongwith their corresponding arbitrary unites using list comprehension within python programming
14067: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
14068: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
14069: This line of Python function returns the result by adding 1 to its input. It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do anything useful
14070: A dictionary named 'colors' is created with string keys and corresponding values as escape sequences. The value of each key points to the start/end
14071: This Python function reverses the input number and converts it to an array of digits. The result is returned as list format with each digit converted
14072: This script performs bitwise OR operation on the input 'x' with different shifts. The result is that after each shift, it halves of original
14073: This Python script performs matrix multiplication on two 3x4 matrices. The result is another pair of corresponding elements in the resulting array which are multiplied
14074: This Python script generates the Collațoz sequence, which is an infinite series of numbers where each number in ​​the list starts with n
14075: This function sums up the numbers within an object `'int', 'list','dict')` and returns it as output or zero when none of these
14076: This Python function calculates the weighted average of values given as input list and returns it if there are no zeros or weights to avoid division by zero
14077: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n'. It's an efficient way in Python. The time complexity is O(
14078: This function takes in an input list of keywords and returns them joined by the string 'OR'. If no keyword is provided, it will simply join all
14079: This Python script generates an array of dictionaries from the given list. Each dictionary contains 'ID' and its corresponding name'.  The names are fet
14080: If the 'task' is equal to housing, then do something.  Else skip it and move on with next line of script or function call
14081: This function returns the Facebook profile URL of given user id on mbasic platform using facebook's API v3 method to get information about users and
14082: This list contains the different wikipedia namespaces that are available in WIKIDATA.  The 'return' statement is used to output these
14083: This function checks if the module with given name is loaded into Python's base modules before trying to access it using `getattribute` method of attribute
14084: This function returns the path to an executable program in your system's PATH environment variable, if it exists; otherwise None is returned and error message "
14085: This Python script checks if the string 'welcome' is present anywhere within any of lines from user inputted text, and returns true/false accordingly
14086: Scales the value to fit between 0 and1 using linear interpolation. The scale is calculated based on differences in min/range of original data
14087: This function takes an input string, checks whether it's empty or not and returns the same value as is when there are no arguments provided; otherwise
14088: If the vulnerability has no CVSS score or if it's zero then use VULNERS API to calculate and return its AI Score
14089: This function checks the type of an input and returns false when it's not necessary. It also handles specific events that need to be ignored or handled
14090: If the input number 'int' is zero, it will throw an exception.  Otherwise continue with calculation of factorial using recursion method in Python
14091: This function calculates the number of characters in each line by dividing char length with four and then multiplying it to three times eight. The result
14092: This Python function checks the first character of each string, and returns different strings based on what it finds. If none match these conditions then an error is
14093: This Python script calculates the great circle distance between two points on Earth's surface using Haversine formula and spherical law of cosines in one
14094: This python script calculates the number of times it needs to divide by ten before reaching or exceeding 'loss rate'. The loop continues indefinitely
14095: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an object with keys 'Title', ‘FilePath’ &'VideoId'. The values are
14096: This line of the given Python script returns "value" from 'transaction' dictionary.  It is used to extract value associated with key in python d
14097: This Python function converts the name of an inputted string to uppercase if it contains 'e' followed by 1 or more digits,
14098: This program prints out the list and details about each word from an input dictionary, with its Arabica column as key value pair to English translation if available
14099: This line of the given Python script checks whether our model's predictions and actual labels are not equal. If they aren’t, it returns '
14100: A dictionary comprehension that creates an object from the given list of dictionaries. The keys are "approximately arrival timestamp", and values correspond to
14101: If the hit frame is greater than 1, return '+', otherwise -> returns '-' . Code checks whether or not there was an object
14102: This line of the given C++ program is shifting left by 3 places, then checking whether or not it's set in an integer. If
14103: This Python function groups data points into 'groups' based on their proximity to the last point of each group, with maximum gap being defined as `max
14104: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'Value' variable contains an instance or not. If it does contain one and that type also being List
14105: This function calculates the value of polynomial with given coefficients. The coefficient is calculated as “degree” times power and then shifted left by one place
14106: This function returns the x, y coordinates and time of telemtry from given dictionary.  The returned values are in tuple format as per requirement but
14107: This Python function calculates the second moment of an array, which is used in statistics to measure dispersion or spread around mean value and variance calculation respectively."
14108: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', and returns its corresponding
14109: This Python script reads the first four bytes of an input file and checks if they are equal to certain known values in hexadecimal form ([CF
14110: If either 'a' and/or ‘b’ are not defined, return false. Otherwise check whether the values of these two variables represent numbers
14111: If the "rewards" list is empty or has only one unique element then return it as true else false; otherwise do not consider any of them
14112: This function takes in an input variable, checks whether it is None or empty. If the value of that parameter isn't observed yet then return '
14113: If the input ends with specified suffix, it returns all characters before that point; otherwise return original value of 'input'.  This is an example function
14114: This Python script generates all the prime numbers up to 'x' and their corresponding factor pairs using list comprehension with an if condition that checks whether each
14115: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from spherical coordinates, where phi
14116: This Python function is used to generate the state of qubit. It takes an array 'basis' and applies each element from that list as bit
14117: This function takes in four parameters - two coordinates and an area size. It then returns the new bounding box dimensions after adjustments have been made to
14118: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14119: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14120: If either the 'user' variable, and/or ‘item’ are not defined in scope then return false. This indicates that there was an
14121: This Python function compares two sequences of strings by converting them to uppercase before comparing each pair elementwise using "zip" from python's built
14122: This function checks whether an input is within certain ranges. If it isn’t then returns 'Invalid'. Otherwise depending on which of these three conditions are
14123: This Python function splits the input string by '.' and then tries to retrieve values from dictionary using these keys one at time until it either finds an
14124: This line of the given Python script is creating an object named 'red' and assigning it to be equal with another variable called "Mask". The
14125: This function calculates the excess of rainfall from total available water. It takes into account both actual and potential rain, which is calculated by multip
14126: This program groups people by their ages. It starts with 4 persons in the first "GROUP" and then adds one to each subsequent GROUP until it
14127: This function returns the sum of two numbers. It's simple and straightforward to understand but it can be used in many different contexts where you need an
14128: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
14129: This line of Python script is replacing all newline, carriage return and tab characters from the dictionary values. The resultant string will be stored as '
14130: This function calculates the cross product of two vectors. The result is returned as three tuples, each corresponding to one component in order xy
14131: If the input map is empty or doesnt have "m" key then return an emtpy dictionary else iterates over each item of 'v
14132: This Python function splits the input string by underscores, then maps each word to its title case using lambda and joins them back together into
14133: This Python script creates and returns the list of unique elements in ascending order.  It uses set to remove duplicates, then sorts it using built
14134: This function compares the result of dividing i by nf and j respectively, then returns whether or not these two results are equal. It does
14135: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14136: This line of the function calculates and returns an updated value based on current values. The new calculation is done in accordance with velocity vector components 'v
14137: This Python function calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The result is returned as tuple pairs with each pair containing one coordinate from both sets
14138: This line of the given Python script checks if any file extension in ["PNG","JPG/PIC"] matches with "url". The function
14139: This Python function calculates the RGB values of three colors based on their corresponding weights in an input dictionary. The color names are "R", “
14140: This python script calculates the gravitational force between two objects of different masses and radii using Newton's law, which states that F = G*
14141: This line of Python script creates an integer variable named 'maxSample' that is equal to the maximum value possible when shifting bits in binary representation. Then
14142: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14143: This Python script populates the dictionary 'result' with data from another dict called params and also handles different types of metrics like train/ test / fit
14144: If the variable 'username' in function call isn’t defined, it will return its value. Otherwise returns "Username@Address".  Format
14145: This script is used to clear the configuration of an IP Local Pool. It takes in user input and returns two commands that can be run on Cisco
14146: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was encoded using Caesar Cipher by shifting each digit 3 places to right
14147: Code converts the string to lowercase and removes non alphanumeric characters, then checks whether there is any character that repeats itself within it
14148: This function checks the coordinates of two points and returns an appropriate value based on which quadrant they fall into. If either coordinate is negative, it will
14149: This Python function calculates the value of Alpha B, which is an important parameter in many chemical reactions and processes such as catalysis or reaction engineering
14150: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is less than four characters long and returns either zero or one. If it does not meet these conditions
14151: This function checks if one range is within another. It does so by checking the conditions of whether either endpoint falls between both other two ends, and vice
14152: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an object given its y coordinate. The formula used is based on some mathematical principles and it's not
14153: This Python function checks whether the input string, 'text', can be converted to boolean value or not by converting it into lowercase and checking its equality
14154: This Python script removes soft clips from the given file by checking if they are before read start minus one fifth of its length or at index zero with
14155: This script checks the configuration to see whether it contains necessary details. If so - uses them; otherwise returns default values or an error message depending on what
14156: Returns the same as input but with no arguments.  It's just an example of how to use keyworded variable length argument list in Python3
14157: This Python script merges two dictionaries. It iterates over the first dictionary and adds its key/value pairs to another one while also checking if
14158: Removes leading and trailing whitespaces from the content. ...(truncated...)  "])' in Python, where "
14159: This python script calculates the remainder of dividing 'year' by four. If it is zero, then return value should be "zero". if
14160: This Python script counts the number of ‘one’ and 'three' differences between consecutive adapaters, then returns their product. It uses an iter
14161: A function that returns an object with specific properties. The "_" is replaced by the value of `getID` and "{" represents empty brackets
14162: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation that scales and shifts all colors in image by 3 different factors, which are determined as per
14163: This function checks whether the input string 'u_str' contains only ASCII characters or not using Python built in functions "`issubclass()
14164: This function is used to crop an image based on the center coordinate. The size of each side will be halved and then coordinates are calculated accordingly in
14165: This function converts the input to its corresponding boolean or null type, based on whether it is 'True', ‘False’,'None' otherwise
14166: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
14167: This function calculates the value of x divided by its successor minus one, then multiplies it with 'a' to get an answer. The result
14168: This function adjusts the learning rate based on training step. It starts with 0, and gradually increases by factor of 'f' until it reaches
14169: This program counts the number of odd numbers in an inputted list. It starts with setting 'count' to zero, then continues until there are no
14170: This line of the Python script calculates and returns how much percentage change has occurred between two values. The result is expressed as an integer, with one
14171: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14172: A dictionary comprehension that splits the input string on '\n', then uses each line as key/value pair to create and populate an empty
14173: This Python script splits the input string into parts using 'dot' as separator and returns all possible combinations of these separated strings with one character removed
14174: This Python script finds the maximum value from an array of numbers. If no number is provided, it returns 'Pleas...' 1/
14175: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over the list of elements 'emo', checking each element. If it encounters "-",
14176: This Python function converts different types of objects to their equivalent JSON serializable format using the `isInstance` and conditional statements or dictionary/list comprehens
14177: If the types of two variables are different, return false. Else check whether they're both strings or not and compare them directly; otherwise just
14178: This line of the Python script checks if either 'Develop' is present as part lowercased string, and returns True/False accordingly based on that
14179: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14180: This line of the given Python script is returning an URL that points to some data on GitHub, but it's not clear what exactly these lines
14181: This Python script creates an array of prefix sums. The size is one more than the input list 'a'. It calculates and stores each element'
14182: This function checks whether the URL is empty or not, and returns it. If there are parameters present then appends an ampersand to them else
14183: A function that returns the name of each individual' sfriendsonly.  The input to it should be another dictionary with keys 'person', and
14184: This function returns the side to which you should move based on your belief about what will happen. If it's rock, I must go left if
14185: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14186: This Python function checks whether the first eight characters of each string in an input list are all spaces, and replaces them with ten consecutive space character strings
14187: This function returns the count of nonzero elements present within an array.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively check each element and only adds it
14188: This function checks whether the given 'tables' parameter contains an entry with name equal to `roo`tName'. If it does exist then returns
14189: This function is used to calculate the value of an expression based on some conditions and parameters, with different return values depending upon whether certain condition(s),
14190: This function returns the list of all distinct elements in x. It uses Python's builtin set data type to remove duplicates and then converts
14191: This function checks whether the input `gamweeks` are valid integers within range [0..4]. If not it raises appropriate errors otherwise returns
14192: This python script calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The three lines of codes are calculating different distances and storing them into variables
14193: This Python script replaces all occurrences of keys from the dictionary with their corresponding values and recursively applies to nested dictionaries within it using another
14194: This line of the given Python script is creating an assignment statement. It's concatenating two strings and assigning them as one string, which will
14195: Creates an object with the given "Kind" and optional arguments.  If no argument provided, it will return only '{"knd":"<
14196: This Python function splits an inputted multiline text into its constituent lines and returns the number of columns along with total row count as output
14197: This Python function calculates the value of y based on its position in relation to two other values, which are scaled and translated. The scale is determined
14198: This Python function checks if the first or last lines of an input file start with "Name ", then it returns True, otherwise False based on whether they
14199: This function reverses the number and converts it back to an integer.  The result is then returned as output of your program/function in Python
14200: Checks whether the least significant bit of an Int32 is set. If it's not, then shifts right by one and returns result;
14201: If the lengths of s1 and/or s2 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking each character in both strings one by on
14202: This Python function converts the input string to an integer if it's in CIF format, otherwise returns as is and leaves only numeric part
14203: If the variable 'mod' does not exist, it calculates sum of squares using values from list "val". Otherwise - uses function to generate value
14204: This Python script is used to perform some operations on the given parameters and return results in JSON format using Flask API framework with SQLAlchemy OR
14205: This Python function checks if the given certificate string starts and ends with specific strings, replaces all spaces in between them by nothing using replace() method of
14206: This Python script compares two lists of users and identifies the added or changed/deleted ones. It does so by converting each "ID",
14207: This function checks if the aspect ratios of an image are greater than 4. If they're not it returns either one or both thresholds
14208: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters, p and q. The parameter 's' is used to represent some input data
14209: This Python script generates the list of possible centers that can be reached from each domain within given 'domains' and with an allowed distance between them as
14210: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
14211: This Python function raises an error when the input 'y' is not within valid range. It also modifies and returns values as per conditions given in
14212: This function returns the string 'On' when input is True, and otherwise it will output as ‘Off’. It uses Python language to solve
14213: This function performs arithmetic operations on two numbers based upon the operator passed as an argument. It uses Python's builtin 'else'. If no
14214: If the variable 'h' is equal to '-', return value of two. Otherwise, just returns what was in that position before it got changed by
14215: This function checks if the given indices are within bounds of an array. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by checking both conditions
14216: This line of the given Python script creates an empty list with ‘nbucket’ number elements. Each element is initially set to be [] which represents
14217: This Python script splits the string 'framework' into two parts using dot as separator and returns them in format of {major, minor} e
14218: This Python script calculates the character with minimum difference between its pixel value and any of given weights. The function takes as input an array 'weighted
14219: This function checks whether the string '-' is present as an element of list and replaces it with 'Zero'/''One'. If found then returns
14220: Implemented the function to find the minimum and maximum values in an array. Code is written using Python language with builtin functions min() & max
14221: This script splits the given string by ' | ', then it creates an empty list and adds to that only those elements at positions ‘not’
14222: A list of column names in the dataset.  The first six elements are standard and do not need to be changed, while 'Columns' is used
14223: This Python function converts numbers to their ordinal suffixes. It checks whether the input 'num' variable has been passed correctly or it raises error
14224: This Python script checks if the input string starts with either "/dev/" or "RAID" in Linux devices and returns true when it does so;
14225: This Python script uses the Depth First Search algorithm to traverse and visit all nodes of an unweighted graph, represented as adjacency list
14226: If the length of 'data' is less than one, return zero; if not then calculate y as average value in range [min_value+
14227: This Python function assigns grades based on the points. It uses multiple elif conditions to check each possible score range and sets correspondingly assigned letter in '
14228: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 'movement time' multiplied by its speed.  It is used to calculate how long it
14229: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by adding 0 to b, then dividing it with
14230: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as one line of text using Python syntax and
14231: This function checks whether the given 'data' dictionary contains an entry with specified "Key". If it does, returns its value. Otherwise return empty string
14232: This Python function splits the input string "name" into an array of substrings using "/", then joins these substring with underscore ("_"
14233: This Python function splits the input string into individual "words" and then joins them back together with spaces between each word using list comprehension to create
14234: If the input string '.' is not found in it then simply returns original. Else splits and joins with '_'.  Code handles both single
14235: This Python function splits an interface name into two parts based on the last dot in its string representation and returns them as tuples with their corresponding
14236: This function calculates the change in position between two points on an edge of some graph. The size parameter is used to normalize these changes so that
14237: This line of the Python script checks if 'node_inde' is odd. It returns True when it finds an even indexed element, and
14238: This Python function returns zero, one or two depending on the comparison of 'x' and/or "y". If they are equal it will return
14239: This script checks the type of package to be created based on its extension name, returning 'packaging' when it is one among ['aj',
14240: This function converts the input number into its binary equivalent, but only up to Yibian or 'yb' unit which is 83
14241: This function is used to extract the images and their interpolations from given dictionaries of image data which are stored as lists within another dictionary called 'list
14242: This Python function calculates the accuracy of binary classification. It counts True Positives, False Negatives to calculate Accuracy which is then returned as
14243: This Python script generates an O string repeated n times. The number of repetitions is specified by the variable 'i'.  For each iteration, it
14244: This Python function checks the type of input and returns it as string or integer. If no argument provided then return empty String else check whether given object '
14245: This Python function splits an SThree path into its components and returns the first component as 'Buckets' name along with rest of key in
14246: This function checks if the given 'field' exists within an object called "Analysis". If it does, then returns true. Otherwise return false after catching
14247: 返回一个包含失败状态和错误消息的字典。如果没有发生任何异常，则不应该有此类信息被发送
14248: If the variable "_st" or "__srt_var_" does not exist, return true. Else check whether it'a an empty
14249: This function returns the details of an incoming message in JSON format with specific fields only and schema reference as ' ref// bpm . 	Message'
14250: This line of the program is checking if adding 'current_mov' to Player position will result in an outofbound error. If it does,
14251: This script is used to extract the text from each element of an array and join them together with ' | '.  The result will be printed out as
14252: This Python script counts the number of digtis that have either two or three segments and are also known as 'one', "two", etc., by
14253: This Python function reverses the order of each 4 or more characters long string and returns it as one line without any spaces at end/beginning
14254: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word(s).  It is used to break down sentences or phrases, and returns them
14255: If the lengths of two strings are not equal then return false. Otherwise check each pair from both string using 'for' loop and compare them with an
14256: This Python function calculates the Intersecting Area of two Rectangles. The area is calculated by finding out how much each rectangle overlaps with
14257: If the score is higher than or equal to 'current max', then it returns "true", else, if not true and has been set as false
14258: This Python script creates lists of keys from nested dictionary objects and then converts them to sets which remove duplicates before creating the final dict object with these
14259: This Python script calculates the percentage of possible combinations from an input list 'B'. The calculation is done by multiplying each element within B and then
14260: If the variable 'environment' contains key named as provider options, assign its value to ```provideoer opts```. Else create an
14261: This Python script generates an array of ASCII characters from hexadecimal inputted into the form "block":'hex value', where each character
14262: Returns the status in binary form with leading zeros up to 8 bits. If less than eight digits are available it will pad on right side
14263: This function cuts the first segment of one list into two parts based on whether it'll be greater than or less. If so -> It returns
14264: This function returns the geographic parameters of an object. The returned data is in JSON format, which can be parsed into Python using json library's
14265: This function returns the string 'errors' if an error occurs during execution. If no errors occur, it will simply say that there are not any issues
14266: This line of the given Python script checks whether an input variable 'is_not' isn’t actually being treated as type ‘str. If
14267: This Python function calculates the polynomial equation using given coefficient list and modulo value as input parameters which is used to prevent overflow when calculating large powers or
14268: This Python function filters out items from the dictionary that have None or an array/list as value but also excludes any key with no values at all
14269: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
14270: This function takes in one string argument and returns the second part of that filename. It does so by splitting on "plus" character then taking all elements
14271: This function adds two numbers. Code is simple and easy to understand, but it's not very efficient or fast as compared with other functions in the
14272: This Python function raises an error when the input dictionary is found to have no values and returns 'None' as its output value which indicates that there are
14273: Check the type of file extension and return its corresponding markup language. If not recognized, it returns 'unknown'.  Code snippet is provided
14274: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points on an elliptic Curve defined by three parameters. The first and second point are calculated using algebraic
14275: This Python function returns the dictionary with two keys, 'result' and its value is another dict. The first key of which has been set to string
14276: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings on new/unix style ("\r", "\t" and " ")
14277: If the input string is empty, return zero. Otherwise continue with other operations as per normal flow of program execution in Python language using an 'if'
14278: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, subtracts one from another. The result is then returned as output which can be used in further
14279: This line of the function calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation involves multiplying 'i' by sample rate divided with product resultant from
14280: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the number from "card name". If successful, it returns that as an integer; otherwise return 'None'.
14281: This function returns the name of an Nth tile based on its value and whether it's in percentiles or not using dictionary mapping to store names
14282: Returns the title of given dictionary "song". 1st line is short, easy to read. Second and third lines are longer but still understand
14283: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" using space as delimiter and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operation to
14284: This line of the Python script splits each item in 'row' by "||" and then maps any leading or trailing whitespace to remove
14285: This function returns the number of ‘one’ bits in an XOR operation between two hashes. The 'X' bit is set if either
14286: This function checks if the first character of each string element is either "G" or "L". If it finds one, then returns true. Otherwise
14287: This Python function calculates the maximum and minimum values of two rectangles' sides based on their coordinates. If any side is negative it returns 'None
14288: This Python script uses dictionary to replace some special characters with their corresponding ones and then applies the replacement on given string using 'str' object method `'.
14289: This function calculates the value of 'a' based on some conditions in Python programming language using an "IF" statement and logical operators like elif,
14290: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
14291: This Python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The length and type/content are assumed to be known beforehand,
14292: This function parses variables from an expression and returns them as dictionary with their respective values or types if they are int/float /bool type else it
14293: This function performs bitwise operations on the input value. The result is returned in binary format, where each digit represents one of four possible states - off
14294: This Python function returns the first odd number it encounters. If no such even numbers exist, then return -1 as specified by problem statement' "
14295: This Python script generates data from the given pandas DataFrame. The output is then converted to JSON format using json module's dumps function and
14296: This function prints the name of an inputted text or image.  It's used to provide feedback on what files are being processed in real time
14297: This Python script uses Docker to inspect the last time an image was pushed and calculates how many days ago it is from now in order not only
14298: This function calculates the three parameters of an equation based on given values. The first parameter is calculated as "Total" divided by its own value;
14299: This Python function checks if the two given numbers are in ascending order. If not it swaps them to be sorted correctly then calculates their difference
14300: This Python function splits an 'app label' and the model name from given `instances` strings in Django models using '-'. If not
14301: This function pads the dimensions of an image with zeros to make them divisible by J. The padding is done in such way that it will be
14302: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates, and returns that value as sqrt of sum
14303: This function returns the reciprocal of 3 times its input divided by two. It's an example to show how functions work in Python programming
14304: This Python function converts an array of integers to their equivalent value as binary. The conversion is done by starting from the least significant bit and moving up
14305: This function calculates the total number of elements on each page. It sums up all rows and then returns that value, which is also added to another
14306: This function checks whether the string 'line' contains either of two specific strings, but it doesn’t check their order. If neither is found then
14307: This Python script sends the string "Hello World!" over an established socket connection to another machine using UTF encoding and prints it out in real time on
14308: This function checks whether the OTP entered by user is correct or not. If it's “yubikey”, then return true
14309: This function calculates the number of bytes needed to store n bits. The result is rounded up, because we can't have partial byte values in
14310: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty list or 'None'. If it's None, then returns []. Otherwise return its own inverse
14311: This Python function splits the input string into individual names, then capitalizes each first letter of those that are longer than 4 characters and leaves others
14312: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, but only when one number is greater than or equal to another. If not true then it returns
14313: [1,0.346879]   ##
Explanation : The first value in each element represents how many
14314: A function that calculates the factorial of an integer. It uses memoization to avoid redundant calculations and stores previously calculated results in 'D
14315: This Python function replaces all occurrences of '+' with space and splits the string into list items using split(). The resulting output is
14316: This function checks if an inputted string is present within the list of images. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending
14317: This function calculates the average of x,y and z. The result is returned as an output from that particular method/function in Python programming language
14318: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by second element from highest to lowest and returns names as output which are stored inside an array 'Kernel
14319: If the list has only one element, return that single item. Otherwise strip all elements and join them back together with spaces between each word except last ones
14320: This function takes in two parameters, the string to be searched and replaced within that text as well – both are required inputs of type str or un
14321: If there are more than 3 time periods, return the first two and all remaining. Otherwise just keep them as is in case of less or equal
14322: This function returns the dequantization of an input variable.  It takes in two parameters, 'var' and '.DEQUANTIZED
14323: This Python script splits the file name into two components based on its extension and returns them in parentheses if they are not empty, otherwise it
14324: This python function finds the maximum length of lists within an input dictionary. The dictionaries are keyed by mitrelongnames and their values being list
14325: A dictionary named 'etrans' is created with default values. This will be used to store the translation results of different languages in one place, making
14326: A function to format the metric name. It takes an array of labels and concatenates them with prefix ' mq ', into one string which is then
14327: This Python function calculates the number of elements and their total value as well average squared Summation is calculated using an iterative approach with each element
14328: 根据当前时间和预定义的时间间隔，返回一个字符串指示物体是否在上升、下降或平稳
14329: This function returns the path to temporary data. It takes two parameters, sid and file hash which are used as part of generating unique paths in temp
14330: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
14331: This line of the Python script conversts time in millisecond to seconds. It'll be used later on when dealing with real world data and
14332: This line of the script creates an empty list called "unique_id". It's used to store all id values that are not repeated.
14333: If the length of 'input' list is more than 3, return an empty List. Else calculate and returns difference between each consecutive pair from
14334: This Python script is used to find CPU names that start with 'cpu' and end either as '%', '/','or util'. It uses the data
14335: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its ASCII value. The function takes one argument, i which is expected as input and returns
14336: This line of Python script checks whether the value in variable "X" is divisible by one thousand. If it's true then divide X with
14337: This function checks whether the input is present as an option from given list of options, and returns it otherwise return first matching item starting with provided string or
14338: This Python function splits the input string into individual "words" using spaces as delimiters, and then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting
14339: This Python script uses regular expressions to find and remove the string "legend". It does so by searching through 'content' variable, if it finds
14340: This function calculates the difference between two numbers and divides it by their distance. It then multiplies each index with that calculated value, adds to
14341: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
14342: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an object is numeric, and returns true only when it's either integer type –
14343: A dictionary with the provided information about an event' worth keeping track of.  The 'provenanced record'. It includes details like what it is
14344: If the bounding box of object 0 is exactly four elements long, it assigns "llx" to be equal with value in index [
14345: This Python script generates an array of the first 'n' multiples. The value to multiply by is passed as parameter "x".  It
14346: This function converts time in seconds to the closest unit of measurement. It checks each condition from highest order upwards, and returns its corresponding string format
14347: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in `max` method which is very efficient and concise but it does
14348: If the 'listing' object does either of two things, it returns its value. Otherwise - depending on whether there are other keys present within that
14349: If the value of 'm' is equal to ‘M’, it returns its own. Else calculates and keeps subtracting from an
14350: This Python function checks whether the input 'int' or any nested lists are integers. If it isn’t an integer then return that value itself;
14351: This function takes in two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to partition these values into subsets
14352: If the length of 'input' is greater than specified limit, return first n characters plus ellipsis. Otherwise just output input as it was given
14353: This script checks if the file exists and returns true or false based on whether it is present, otherwise return "False."  Code explanation/details not
14354: This function generates the list of tuples to be used as input parameters when making API calls based on whether or nor they should contain certain items and
14355: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' that are multiples or divisors. It returns an Int32
14356: Checks if the values of two lists are equal, and returns true only when they're identical; otherwise it sets 'Status to false'.
14357: This line of the given Python script is checking whether an element in list "edges" ends with square bracket and then removing those elements from that
14358: This script calculates the probabilities of A and C in DNA sequences. The three types are calculated separately as per their respective weights given to them by div
14359: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements using commas and then creates lists of integers or ranges based on hyphenated strings with two
14360: If the given `filename` ends with ".csv", return true; otherwise false and also check whether an object of type FileObject has been provided or
14361: This function takes in raw string and replaces all spaces with '%20'.  It is used to convert the space character into URL encoding.
14362: This Python function takes as input the data of matches and returns two lists - one with all unique maps from these matched games along another containing only those that
14363: This function checks if the sensor name starts with 'pos' and returns True or False accordingly.  It is used to filter out non position sensors from
14364: If the object 'obj' does not exist, return none.  This can be used to prevent errors when trying access non existing properties or methods of
14365: This line of the given Python script returns specific values from an input dictionary. The returned list includes TP, F and M results which are all present
14366: Returns the values of x and y in tuple format with z as third element which is calculated by subtracting two other elements from it ie., result
14367: This function scales the input 'x' by multiplying it with an appropriate factor depending on whether or not its value is less than zero, and then
14368: This Python function calculates the binary representation of an integer. It uses bitwise operations to achieve that, and it's efficient as well because no
14369: This Python function checks if the string inputted by ```str()``` contains either “Ph.D” or Student, returns True only when
14370: This Python script attempts to read the namespace of K8s service account and return it or default value if an error occurs; otherwise returns string kube
14371: This Python function checks the type of `None` and string values. If it's not one or two types above - just return as they are
14372: Returns the value of "Content-Type" from an object called 'manifest'.  This is used to determine what type or format data in response will
14373: This Python function converts all occurrences of the character "A" to another specific one. In our case, it replaces every occurrence with
14374: This function checks whether the string 'dataset' is present within either of two specific strings, and returns one value based on which it finds. If not
14375: This Python function calculates the model's performance by comparing its predictions with real values, and returns an initial value of “accuaray
14376: This Python script uses the dictionary "complement" to map DNA bases and then reverses their order using slicing operation on python lists or strings respectively
14377: This Python function takes in an input string, splits it into parts based on hyphens (-), checks if the last part is numeric and incre
14378: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
14379: This python script creates two variables 'h' and 'w', which are half of the original dimensions. The x coordinates from input data is assigned to
14380: This Python function tries to return the value of 'config' dictionary with key as input. If it doesn’t exist, then returns "None".
14381: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element in matrix 'a' at position [0, 3]. The calculation is done
14382: This script is used to filter out certain types of 'new' or unseen/unnoticed data from the list ```python`for loop
14383: This Python function copies the dictionary `dct` and if it's not None or empty then deletes any entry with keys matching 'knames
14384: This Python script reads lines from the file and processes them to create lists of source/destination pairs based on colon separated values within each line using list
14385: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'a' to and including, but not exceeding or equal with an input number. The
14386: This function checks if the given properties exist within either 'country' dictionary. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all
14387: Code filters out lines that start with '<dc:' or contains specific strings to avoid hashing issues related specifically the content of these tags/strings within
14388: If the length of string s is less than or equal to 2, return an integer value equivalent with that. Otherwise it returns first two characters as
14389: This function checks whether the provided dictionary has both keys 'REFA' and/or ‘ALTERNATIVE’. If it doesn''t
14390: Returns the colour and its count as one line. The output is in list format with tuple structure where first element of each pair represents color name/id
14391: This function takes as input an RGBA tuple and returns the same output with modified values. It checks whether each value of 'rgba' is within
14392: This function checks the type of ```'Color'.```. If it’s 'bool', then return its value as an integer with n bits
14393: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with some formula, but it's
14394: This function returns the reciprocal of an error, squared. It's used in some algorithms to stabilize numerical methods and improve convergence speed
14395: A function that takes as input the keys of an ordered dictionary and returns its value. The order is not important, but each unique pair should be treated
14396: This Python function calculates the result of subtracting from 1, then divides by another number. The final output is returned as an integer value
14397: This function checks if the string contains any wildcard character (*). If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned after checking all characters of
14398: This line of Python script calculates the number days in given time period by dividing total amount(seconds). It does so using simple arithmetic operations
14399: This Python function is used to generate an appropriate greeting based on the input string 'msg'. If ':', it extracts activity and person from msg
14400: This function returns the URL of an ETF profile page on JustETF based off its ISIN number, which is passed as input parameter."
14401: This Python script is used to extract certain information from the GitHub WebHook. It takes in JSON data and returns specific values such as repository URLs
14402: This Python script splits the input string 'position' into three parts based on ':'. If it is not possible to convert one of these components,
14403: If there's at least 98 or more key points, it will print "Continue" and return true. Else,"Not Cont
14404: A list of events is created with the name formatting as per given conditions and then returned by function call to be used later on program execution flow or
14405: This Python script uses the builtin `dir()` function to list all attributes and methods of an object 'obj'. It then assigns each attribute
14406: This function checks whether two given time periods overlap. It returns "AA", meaning the both are included, but not necessarily contiguous; “
14407: This line of the given C++ program is performing an AND operation on two numbers, then adding three to it. The result will be returned as output
14408: This line of Python script returns the resultant value after raising e to x/1e, which is equivalent in mathematical form as multiplying by power
14409: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14410: If headers or body dictionary contains an 'ID' key, return the value of that ID; else raise error message “unbleto retrievet
14411: This Python function returns the correct number of spaces or tabs based on column and line length, depending if it's at an indentation level in
14412: This Python function checks whether the given 'value' exists within an array. If it does, returns its index; otherwise - return "Not Found".
14413: If the given 'humidity' is greater than or equal to  73%, return "None". Else, check whether it’s more
14414: This line of the given Python script is fetching data from an object 'cr' and then accessing nested keys within that structure, returning its value if
14415: This line of Python script calculates the progress in percentage by taking into account both iteration and total. The result is rounded to two decimal places using '
14416: This function returns the SageMaker bucket name and key as concatenated string.  It is used to generate an absolute URL of data stored in
14417: Increments the "fLOPS" count by 'w' times its input and output sizes, incremen...(truncated to 1
14418: This function takes two lists as input - 'zip' is used to pair corresponding elements from the inputs together into tuples which are then processed by
14419: This Python function takes an arithmetic string as input and returns the result of multiplying all numbers in it using 'map', then reduces that product by
14420: This Python function checks whether the input ``` val```is of type 'int' and raises error message "Valmustbeaninteger"if it
14421: This Python function calculates the minimum angle between two values. It first finds out if one of them is greater than 94, then it subt
14422: This function checks if the given 'ef' type is one of several possible EFT types. The list `valid` contains all potential values that can
14423: This function calculates the weighted average of two values. The weight is determined by 'diff' and it increases with each new value read from input data
14424: This function takes an operator string as input and returns the same output, but with different rules applied. If it starts or ends in "-", then return
14425: This Python function takes two variables and returns the smaller one first. If they are equal it will return them in order of their original assignment or declaration as
14426: This line of Python function returns the rounded value as an integer.  It's used to round some number 'to nearest whole, even if it
14427: If the first list is empty, return true. Otherwise check whether any element of second array exists within that subarray from index 3 to end;
14428: This function returns three values based on the input vector index. The first value is modulo operation of '13' with given number and second one
14429: Return JSON object with query to search in Elasticsearch, sorted by revision descendingly – part of the function that searches and sorts modules based
14430: This function checks if the string is empty, and also whether its first character in uppercase. If either of these conditions are true it returns True;
14431: Initialized the variable 'fire_ma' to 1. This is done by setting it equal zero and then assigning one as its value,
14432: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14433: This Python function returns the current date and time in UTC format.  It uses 'ts' as an alias to represent timestamp which is equivalent of Un
14434: This line of Python script joins the list coords into one string, with commas between each element in order to represent coordinates as CSV formatting
14435: This function splits the input string into two parts at each period ('') and returns them as tuple, or just one part of it when there is
14436: This Python function returns the name of city based on its 'location' parameter, which can be either NewYork or WashingtonDC/SF etc..
14437: This function checks whether the 'normalize' and/or an activate flag is set. If both are true it returns {"add_norm": <
14438: If either of the two input strings is empty, returns an blank string. Otherwise it checks whether their initial characters are equal and then compares them to
14439: This function takes an integer input of 'secs' and returns the equivalent time in hours minutes or just second. If sec is less than equal to
14440: This function maps the value 'f' onto an interval of scale. The mapping is done by scaling and shifting to get from one range ('from')
14441: If preambles and messages are provided, it will create an email message. Elsewhere empty or no input given returns nothing; otherwise creates the
14442: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values of some attributes from different objects. The keys are set to be equal names as
14443: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression. The result is 0 if c < t, else it's calculated as ((
14444: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into parts using "-" as separator and then returns second part from these split strings which
14445: This python script calculates the value of pi using an iterative method with 9 iterations, and stops when it converges to machine precision or less than
14446: This Python script creates an empty list and then appends each item from the given 'iteratable' object to it, resulting into one single long sorted
14447: Code snippet that calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two bounding boxes.  The result is another pair containing these values, which represent
14448: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14449: This script is used to convert files from one format into another. It takes two arguments - source and target file formats with optional parameters like options or switches
14450: This function returns the string 'Not' if input is not True or False. If it isn’t, then instead of returning an error message we
14451: This Python script creates and returns an object with the properties of 'sensor' dictionary. The output is in JSON format which can be used to store
14452: This line of the given python script calculates electricity bill based on monthly consumption and returns kilowatt hours consumed in that month, which is then multi
14453: "A function that returns greeting text with person's details".  [Done]  10/3 -> Code Reviewer, S
14454: This Python function counts the number of positive, negative and zero numbers from an array. It then returns these ratios as floats to two decimal places which
14455: This line of the given Python script converts an input numpy array into flat list format using NumPy's tolist function and then flatt
14456: Code is used to calculate the date of Easter. The function takes into account if it'll be in summer months, whether there are more than one
14457: This Python function takes in three arguments and returns the third one if it exists. If not found then return its counterparts from 'SFE map'.
14458: This function returns the absolute value of an attribute. It takes three parameters - "attr" which is supposed to be either 'x' or ‘
14459: This line of the given Python script returns 'num' shifted to one bit left, which is equivalent in binary representation. The shift operation works by multip
14460: This function compares two strings, incrementing the count of 'match' when they are equal. It then returns that number divided by max length to
14461: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the elements of 'pairs' list as keys from each element is taken one by another key
14462: This Python function takes in longitude and Latitudes as input parameters. It calculates the Z value based on some formula which is then returned by that
14463: If the variable 'input_var' does not exist, return an empty tuple. Otherwise it returns itself as its value in case of success or error
14464: This Python function checks whether the product of two numbers is equal to an expected result. If it's true, returns '1', otherwise - return
14465: Code that returns true if the input is of type Bool. If not, it will return false or an error message "Not bool".
14466: This function checks whether the given symbol is empty, starts with '+', and returns false otherwise; it also handles special symbols like < > / \
14467: This Python script creates an array of length `n`, where each element is the character at index ‘s’ from two strings. The first
14468: This Python function calculates the largest number not greater than 'x' that is divisible by all numbers in an array. It uses binary search to
14469: This Python script generates the list of repetitive positions based on certain conditions specified by user input parameters such as chromosome name ('chr'), start
14470: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14471: This Python function takes as input an N by M grid, and returns the same size but with each row reversing its order. The 'zip'
14472: This function takes two parameters, 'Do' and the weight of water in grams. It returns twice that value as output which is equivalent to converting
14473: Checks whether an object belongs to the current symbol table and returns its value or raises error when it's missing from Context; otherwise return that stored
14474: If the line numbers match, return true. Otherwise false is returned indicating that there's an error in data comparison or mismatching lines of codes
14475: This line of the Python script is returning an alphanumeric string that represents coordinates in 0 based indexing. The first character corresponds to '
14476: This line of Python script assigns the value from "dic['uhypcomplex']" to 'dict' keyed by its name. The result
14477: This Python script calculates the mean squared difference between two lists of numbers. The function 'sum' is used to add up all elements and their
14478: This command is used to apply the sklern machine learning model trained in QIIME'1.9 on sequencing data and outputting classification
14479: This line of the given python program calculates and returns linear interpolation. The formula used is simple one, where it takes two points(x0
14480: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value from 'obstime'. The function is to convert and retrieve time in seconds.  It
14481: This function is used to generate the response of keys in fencing system. The input parameters are kid and public key which returns an object with one property
14482: Returns the value of an object in kilogram per square meter, or returns one otherwise based on its size category as defined by International System Of Units(
14483: This Python function calculates the Hash value of an input string. It uses ASCII values to calculate and returns its unique integer representation, which is used
14484: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and multiplies it by two hundred fifty points or raises an error message depending on its nature/type
14485: This Python script calculates the values of Rs, R1 to RS based on given parameters. The calculation is done using complex numbers and real number variables
14486: This python function calculates the value of 'x' in equation x^7 + ax_square+b=c, where c is given as
14487: This function returns the result of dividing an input by 'mode' depending on whether it is within certain conditions. If not, then return zero as
14488: This Python function tries to convert the input x into an integer, but if it fails due “Value Error” then instead of raising exception and returning
14489: A function that returns the file and signature of an object. (Note, you can use any other information to fill in these details.)"
14490: This function takes an input n and returns the ceiling of that number. It's used to round up numbers in Python, similar functionality as Math object
14491: This line of the given Python script returns an index from 'enumerated' list where "d['name']" matches with input parameter. If
14492: This Python function checks whether the file has an extension. If it does, then returns only its name without adding anything to them; otherwise adds ".txt
14493: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an average value between two keys. The calculation is done by subtracting one key from another, then
14494: This program creates an array of integers with the size specified by 'total' and fills it in such that each element is at least 1. The
14495: Code checks that both input parameters are nonempty and have equal lengths, as well checking all elements within them to ensure they're positive real numbers
14496: This script copies the 'tagger' object and modifies its values based on certain conditions, changing specific labels to different ones depending upon their current state
14497: This function checks if the password contains only alphanumeric characters. If it does, returns True; otherwise False – one line of Python script
14498: This function is used to get the parameter from given dictionary of parameters by its 'Name'.  It uses an iterative approach where it checks each key
14499: A dictionary of volume values calculated based on the number and type ('num' in rxn). The keys are 'type', while their corresponding value
14500: If the length of datestring is not 8, return none. Otherwise parse and separate date parts from it into three integers respectively."
14501: This script simulates the game of Monty Hall where you have three choices - one car and two goats behind each door in an unspecified
14502: A dictionary that maps the numbers of Gregory's calendar to their corresponding month names. This is used in various programming tasks such as date formatting
14503: This function takes in the string 'content' and returns an integer by removing all non digit characters from it using Python builtin functions str().replace()
14504: If the 'install' configuration does not exist, it will return its value; otherwise - checks whether there exists such key within config and returns correspondingly
14505: If both lists are empty, return an empy list.  Otherwise continue with the rest of your function...   [END] Code continues here ...
14506: This Python function calculates the derivative of an input vector with respect to some weights and biases. The inputs are vectors s,d where 'w
14507: This line of the program splits an input string into two parts, removes commas from it and converts second part to integer type which is then
14508: This Python function uses regular expressions and named groups ('re' module, 'm', r"" pattern string")  matches variable strings with specific patterns which
14509: This Python script returns an object with the key "REMOTE_ADDRESS" and its value is equal to IP address of client.
14510: This Python script calculates the cumulative sum of an array. The first loop iteratively assigns each element to its position'd value and second
14511: This Python function checks whether the input is an even or odd integer. It does so by checking divisibility with two, and returns either 'even
14512: This Python script calculates the sum of two lists and returns them. The first list is calculated as 'values' array element 0 to n/
14513: This function filters the given list of objects based on their 'resolution' attribute and returns only those that have an id within specified set `selection`
14514: This Python function takes as input two lists, `min` and 'max', of the same length. It replaces every element that is greater than
14515: This Python function calculates the middle point of two given numbers, then extends that range by half. The result is returned as an array with first element
14516: Code removes keys from dictionary that have value of 'None' OR equal to string representation ('Null').  It then returns the updated dict with these key
14517: This line of the given Python script returns all parameters except first two.  It's similar to slicing in python, but it doesn’t
14518: This function checks if the given number is power of two. It does so by using bitwise AND operation with value and its predecessor until it becomes
14519: This function takes two tuples as input and returns the maximum of their first elements along with minimums from second.  It'll return None
14520: This Python script returns the credentials in JSON format. The AWS SDK is used to get these details from an external source, and then they are returned
14521: This Python function calculates the average length of two strings. If one or both are empty, it returns zero as there is no string to calculate on
14522: A Python dictionary is created with two keys, "givensname" and “familiy Name". The values are extracted from the
14523: This function scales the input value 'x' between 0 and  1, where min is defined as lower limit of range ('x_min')
14524: Code tries to convert the string representation of 'birth_year' into an integer and checks if it is within valid range. If not - returns
14525: This Python script removes extra spaces from the input string of comma separated keyword list elements with one line only using python's builtin functions split() &
14526: If the number of steps is greater than zero, it calls function 'cost_func' with one less step and adds current value to result. El
14527: This line of the given Python script calculates whether or not there are any duplicate values within 'data' dictionary with key "Rewards Volume". It
14528: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called "headers" and checks if the provided 'user agent' isn’t null. If it doesn, then
14529: This function finds the closest bounding rectangle to another given set of points. If there are multiple boxes with equal minimum distance from any inputted 'point
14530: This Python function counts the number of triples `[c]` that satisfy certain conditions. The triplet is defined as three numbers such they are
14531: This function merges the given configuration with additional key/value pair. The new dictionary is then returned as list of dictionaries where each element represents merged
14532: This function checks if the input string is alphanumeric or contains underscore only using regular expression in Python language, and returns True/False accordingly
14533: This Python script uses conditional statements to return different colored output based on the input 'color_name'. It also checks whether an object's type matches
14534: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, hztL and returns another 3D list. The outer two lists are the same
14535: This Python script flattens the nested lists into one level by using extend() function of python's builtin List data type and also shows how
14536: This function takes an alphabet as input and returns the corresponding grade point. If it doesn't exist in our dictionary then we return –−
14537: This Python script splits the reference string into parts and returns only one part after splitting by ':' character. It also takes care of any slashes
14538: If the 'options' dictionary has an entry with key=“filterQuery”, it returns that value; if there’s no such thing in
14539: This function takes in two parameters, the 'insert' and an integer. It returns part of string from start to given index with inserted substring at
14540: This Python function calculates the "focal point" of an image by taking into account its 'focus' and then uses it to calculate how far
14541: This function checks if two RGB colors are the same within some specified 'tolerance' value. If they aren’ t, it returns false;
14542: A function that pads the input tensor with zeros.  The padded size is determined by 'size' parameter and padding type as specified in T
14543: A function that returns the corresponding data types in Python based on input string 'Type Name'. If no match is found it will return original argument as default
14544: This function calculates the weighted average of two columns. The weights are determined by 'ni' and ‘col’, where "na" is
14545: This line of the Python script checks if both 'permissions' and its current state are not zero. If either is nonzero, it returns True
14546: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
14547: This program converts an integer to its word representation. It starts from the largest possible number and keeps subtracting it until reaching zero, then adds '
14548: This Python script splits the given string into three parts using '.' as separator and then further split each part by '_' to get two pieces
14549: This Python function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle given its base and altitude. The formula used here to calculate it, top
14550: This Python function takes in parameters as input and returns them back into dictionary format. The first parameter is the key, while second one will be used to
14551: This piece of the program calculates and updates pucks' positions based on their speed. The position is calculated by adding current velocity to its previous location
14552: This function calculates the integer square root of an input number. If it's negative or less than one then throws Value Error with message "must
14553: This function calculates the age of an object in years based on its Modified Julian Date( MJD). The result is then increased by
14554: This line of the Python script creates an array that represents bounding box coordinates. The first two elements are taken from original, and then their difference is
14555: This line of the script is creating an output filename by taking in and input filenames. The base name from "input" file will be used
14556: This function returns the result of dividing 'factor' by value and then multiplying it with its original, unaltered input. The output is
14557: This line of Python script converts the entire string to uppercase letters using built in function "input".  It's very simple and straightforward,
14558: If the URI is not None, then it returns that. Otherwise if there's no error or exception thrown and an empty string returned by get_
14559: This line of the program calculates and returns two values, which are both calculated by adding 1 to each input. The first value is simply returned
14560: This Python function returns the price of different cameras based on their names, or raises an error when given invalid input ("camera"). The prices are as
14561: This line of the Python script is rearranging elements in 'values' list. It takes last two items and assigns them to variables "b
14562: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict and populates it with the items from nested lists using key/value pairs of each sublist within another
14563: Checks if the TCP window size, Timeout value(TCP TTL), Synnchronous send buffer sizes are either missing ("NA
14564: Converts both variables to lowercase using the .lowercase method in Python, which converst all upper case characters into their corresponding lowec
14565: Increments the count of how many times 'b' appears in position index from list "A" and stores it back into variable Counter.
14566: This Python script uses the length of 'colors' to determine how many LEDs are needed. It then slices off any extra elements in case there aren
14567: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its return, duration and time to maturity. The formula is derived from financial mathematics but it
14568: This function takes in the string `name` and returns either it is equal to one of two specific strings (" H LA - C 0 7
14569: This line of Python script calculates the carbon emissions from an object's weight in pounds, and then converts it to grams by multiplying
14570: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the filename pattern and return it if matched, else appends '.fasta' at end of file name otherwise
14571: This function returns an object with three properties - 'code', which is the name of one parameter; ‘name’ and its value are derived from
14572: This Python script returns an object with keys and values that are dynamically generated based on the index passed to it, where each key is 'ETH'
14573: If the id exists in data. Return 'Service Response' with corresponding parameters else return an error message stating that no such ID found or wrong type
14574: Checks whether the input 'object' has 3 elements and all of them are strings. If it doesn’t raise an error; otherwise raises
14575: This line of the script sorts in clustering. The result is stored as 'out' clusterings, which are now ordered by their values and can be
14576: This function converts the type of an object to lowercase and checks if it is one among several possible types, such as 'numpy array
14577: This Python function calculates the mean of two numbers, given their weights. The weight is calculated as 'm' in equation 3 and then divided
14578: This function returns the first n elements of an array.  It uses Python's built in 'range()'.   The number passed to it is
14579: This line of Python script converts all strings to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace in the input string 'if' condition checks whether
14580: This function takes in the dimensions of an image as well its bounding box. It then checks if it's valid to perform any operations on that
14581: This function calculates the overlap between two intervals. It returns zero if there is no overlapping and otherwise it gives us how much of one interval lies
14582: This Python function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. If 'i' is zero or one it returns that value else
14583: This Python script calculates the rotation matrix from Eulers angles in degrees and returns it as an array of arrays with four elements each representing two rows
14584: Creates an empty list with the size of nums1 and 0. Then it merging two lists into one in order using pointers
14585: This Python function splits the input dimension into two integers using an "X" as separator and raises if there are not exactly 3 characters in
14586: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14587: This Python function checks whether the input `is an integer`. If it's “zero” OR "one", then returns True; otherwise
14588: This Python function sorts the records list in descending order based on their 'Time Last' attribute using lambda and builtin sorting functions of python
14589: This function takes an asset pair as input and converts it to the format of "DeviceName" by replacing slashes with spaces or colons unders
14590: This Python script calculates the number of bits set to 'one' at odd positions. It does so by iterating over halfway through an array
14591: This Python script generates random alphanumeric strings of given length from the set combination ASCII letters and digits using builtin functions like `string
14592: This Python script converts binary to decimal. It uses the builtin function 'int' and loops through each digit of bin, multiplying it by
14593: This function checks whether the given number is divisible by 3 or not. If it's evenly divided, then return true; otherwise false
14594: This Python function calculates the greatest common divider of two numbers. If one number can be divided by another without leaving any remainder then it returns that other
14595: This Python script reads data from an input file and creates dictionary with the same keys as fields found on that specific line of text, values are taken directly
14596: This function checks if the input string ends with specified extension and returns its prefix up to that point, else it simply return original unmodified version of
14597: If the callback function 'callback' exists, it will be called with its argument. Otherwise or else return original data as default case in Python programming language
14598: If the input "Value" does not exist or it doesn’t have an attribute called “Strip” then return its own string representation else
14599: This Python script creates and returns an empty 9x1 matrix filled with zeros, then multiplies each element of the first two rows by corresponding
14600: This Python function calculates the ratio of promoter to respondent votes. It takes as input two lists, one with responses and another correspondingly containing
14601: This Python script checks the given number and returns one of three strings based on its numerical representation. 0 is considered as 'bad', while any other
14602: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two points. The first point is given by 'a' and its y coordinate, while
14603: This function returns the opposite of what it'd return in an 'else'-clause. It checks whether `num` is equal to string value
14604: This line of Python script converts the "IDs", stored in 'MOL' dataframe, from int to string. The converted ID is
14605: Removes leading and trailing link text from the string 'str'.  It's used to clean up data before processing it in Python or any
14606: This function calculates the content and style of an image using their respective weights. The result is then multiplied by some factor, which can be used
14607: This function is an implementation of the decorator pattern. It checks whether 'funcs' are empty or contains only one element, and returns its value
14608: Attribute split and creation of dictionary from attribute string with key value pairs separated by ',' – if no attributes return none or empty dict as required
14609: This Python function tries converting the input value into an int, if it's not possible or fails due some exception then raises and handles with custom error
14610: This line of the function is returning reference to an object. The variable 'ref' in Python refers back into its own scope, hence it returns that
14611: This Python function calculates the Jaccard similarity between two sets of elements using their finger prints and returns it as an output." I'
14612: If the value of 'val' is greater than your current account, then it will subtract that amount from you. Otherwise - nothing happens and no
14613: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is equal to one shifted left by 'n' bits. The bitwise operator "<<" shifts
14614: This function returns the CNX ticker symbol.  It's used to identify which exchange or marketplace an asset is traded on in
14615: This function returns the result of subtracting one from two times x divided by ten, if it is less than half else zero and then negating that
14616: Checks if the song is 9 lines long, contains only spaces as separators between characters; replaces all whitespace with '%' followed by
14617: This function calculates the total number of teeth in one RPM. It takes three parameters - revolutions per minute, chip load and numbered tooth
14618: This line of the Python function returns input string 's' with its rightmost characters removed using rjust().  It is used to remove trailing
14619: This function checks if the given string is palindrome or not by checking whether it reads same backward as forward, ie., first and last character
14620: This Python function converts the string to lowercase if it is equal ("True") and raises an exception otherwise, with custom error message indicating what went
14621: This line of Python script converts the hexadecimal data to an integer. The function takes two parameters - 'hex_string' and "
14622: This Python function returns the last digit of an integer. If 'if' condition is true it will return modulo operation on remainder when number divided by
14623: This function checks if the given string 'name' starts with an uppercase or lower case letter and then followed by any number of alphanumeric
14624: If the string ends with 'rem' then remove it, else keep as is.  This function will be used to clean up strings in some data
14625: This Julia function checks whether the environment variable 'JuliaErrorColor' is set. If it isn’t, then returns an error message with red
14626: This Python function returns the hexadecimal values of each byte from an input string. The bytes are returned as tuples with two digits
14627: This function returns the second line of input string 'text'. It removes leading and trailing whitespace, splits by newline character to get lines
14628: This function takes two parameters, b and c which are both floats or integers but not the same type as each other because of different types incompatible
14629: If the input 'width' is not negative then return value will always start from .98 else it returns zero as per condition in python script provided
14630: If the variable 'limit' isn’t defined, return an empty string. Otherwise format and returns it as "Limit [number]."  This
14631: This Python script reads input from the file and creates an object with each unique filename as key along its corresponding memory usage value which is extracted by splitting "
14632: This Python script finds the first occurrence of '{' in given input and keeps track on how many brackets are opened or closed using while loop until it
14633: If the input 'object' "is of" or similar to an instance/type in Python then return that object and its function name else raise Type
14634: This function calculates the frequency of an instrument in Hz. The formula is based on musical scales and tuning systems, where n represents different notes or pit
14635: This Python script calculates the sum of all billables hours spent on given list/array 'entry'.  The "if" condition checks if an
14636: This line calculates the distance between two elements in an array, and if that difference is less than 0.6 of their weights then it returns
14637: This Python function creates an equivalent list by appending each element of the input 'alist' to another string, then returning that as output "list
14638: This function calculates the value of y = 0.3* x^(1/4). It takes an input 'a' and returns its
14639: If the string has no lower or upper case letters, it returns an error value. Otherwise，it finds and then gives out smallest index of these characters
14640: Code calculates the maximum value of "inWindow", and stores it along with its corresponding score. – [Your Name]:[Year/Date
14641: This is an implementation of a simple rate limiting algorithm. It calculates the effective limit based on how much time has passed since it was last updated,
14642: This function checks whether the input is valid, ie., it's an alphabetical string of length greater than 0 and less then equal
14643: This function searches an 'entities' dictionary recursively. If the current object has properties named as input names and they are strings or numbers then it
14644: Try to get the value of 'section' with name. If it fails due an exception then return empty string instead – if not fail; otherwise
14645: This function calculates the Reinolds number based on mass and density. The formula is derived from Newton's law of universal gravitation, which
14646: This function returns the string IDABG.  It's an example of how to create and use functions in Python, which is useful when you
14647: This Python function checks if the input string is either empty or contains only spaces, and returns true in such cases; otherwise it will not be considered as
14648: This Python script generates an integer by concatenating the product of n and its incrementing counter. The loop continues until concatened string length is
14649: This line of the given Python script returns "size" from 'dim_data' dictionary.  It is used to get data about dimensions in an
14650: If the input is not of type list or tuple and it does have property tolist then convert that into one. Else keep as string formatting
14651: Generates the string "<code>" + version number in .OLD format using $() function to embed variable inside it, and returns that as
14652: This function takes in the filename as an argument and returns that same file name with .baa extension appended to it, but only if they are
14653: This Python function splits the input string by ":" and then further split each part into start, end using "-" as separator to get two
14654: This function subtract the value of 'x' from one and then divide it by another list, returning an output that is always greater than or equal
14655: This function is used to find all possible containers of given color from provided rules list using recursion method with memoization technique applied."  [END
14656: This Python function parses the input 'cigar' and returns two values. The first value is an integer representing alignment position; it defaults to
14657: This function calculates the score of an exam by subtracting one from its count, then multiplying that result with 'average' and adding it
14658: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one over an input value, with 'r' being calculated as its reciprocal or inverse in
14659: This Python function checks the first character of an argument name and returns it as part or full command line option, with its value attached to them in format
14660: This function returns the last modified date of an object in ISO 8601 format. It takes two parameters, 'obj' and optional parameter
14661: Returns True if the command ends with " git -blob" or just 'g' followed by any number of spaces, otherwise returns False – a
14662: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns that same value as if no exception was raised; otherwise return
14663: This function checks if an argument is one of the specified prefixes and returns true/false accordingly based on whether it starts with these strings, contains dig
14664: This Python function takes two lists v and w as input. It returns the sum of corresponding elements from both list using 'zip' to iteratively pair
14665: This Python function finds the largest factor of an integer. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find factors and keeps track with maximum found so far
14666: This Python function splits the query string into individual parameters, converts them to integers and returns as list of int values using python' builtin functions
14667: Checks the status, visibility of an upcoming public events. If self exists then it checks whether there is any announce action available on that particular object;
14668: Generates string from list of characters by converting each character to its ASCII value. 1 line solution using Python's builtin functions and syntax
14669: This function returns the appropriate angle based on whether or not there is an object in front of it, and its direction relative to you when rotating around your
14670: This line of the given C# program calculates and returns an integer result. The calculation is based on mass divided by three minus two, which represents
14671: This Python script converts the input name to an environment variable. The output is in format "NAME_LOGLVL".  It also makes
14672: This line of the given Python script replaces all instances where 'html' is used with an equivalent one in HTML syntax, but instead uses AMP
14673: Create an object with properties name, id and trigger type.  The value of the property depends on what kind job is being created or updated in your
14674: This Python function calculates the product of differences between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an output variable "res". It
14675: This Python function calculates the series ∑[n/i!]^ni where i ranges from [0 to N] and ni is each
14676: This line checks whether the string 'm' starts with word begin, and returns an ordered list start tag or end of unordered lists respectively based on
14677: This script creates an empty list with the same length as 'trains' and then fills it by splitting each file name from its path. The last
14678: This line of Python script is calculating the reciprocal and adding one to each side, resulting in an output that's equivalent with halfway between
14679: This function calculates the surface area of an object given its dimensions. The formula used is derived from geometry, where it's calculated as "terms
14680: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'api' dict. The keys are defined as variables, then they get assigned
14681: This function takes in the host as an argument and returns "http://" concatenated with inputted 'Host' variable. It also includes '/api
14682: This Python function checks if the given solution is valid according to provided constraint. It uses 'zip' and iterates over both lists simultaneously using two variables
14683: This function replaces the 'at' symbol with an invisible character to prevent it from being interpreted as part of text in some email clients, such us
14684: This Python function loops over each list of items, and if an element exists it appends to the 'results' array; otherwise skips that iteration
14685: If the number 'n' is less than or equal to zero, it returns one. This function will always output "1" as per requirement of
14686: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is an
14687: This function returns welcome message with given place name.  It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do much else useful in its current form
14688: If the two dictionaries have different keys, return false; otherwise if they are both zero or not at all -> Return true else check which dictionary
14689: This program calculates the sum of powers until it reaches ‘zero’ or less than one divided by ten to power n, where 'n'
14690: Replace all dots in the string with underscores.  This is an example of using String's builtin method 'replace'.  ```
14691: "Returns the full Queue Name." 		    return $fullQueueName$; }""".replace(" ", "\n")   .
14692: This Python function calculates acceleration based on the given input of Force and Mass. If either value is unacceptable, it returns an error message "
14693: This function returns the URL of an uploaded file on PyPI using its name and filename as parameters, which is used to download files from Python Package Index
14694: This function returns the filename of an output file based on page data. The format is {filename}_{number}, where number represents id with leading z
14695: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in 3D space given its position and scale factors relative to some "origin" point(s
14696: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to apply the function f() on each pair from two lists x and Y. The result is another one
14697: This script is used to create an object where each key corresponds with the question id and its value contains image IDs associated. The dictionary comprehension iter
14698: This Python script splits the input string on underscores and returns its last part if it's one word, otherwise return 'default'.
14699: This simple Python function returns true if the input is 1, and false otherwise. It's useful in conditional statements or loops to quickly check whether
14700: If the boolean variable is true, returns an empty string. Otherwise it will print out '//' in console log or anywhere you want to use that
14701: This function calculates the Fibo number using recursion. The base case is when 'N' equals to one, it returns N itself and
14702: This Python function calculates the value of 'b' in an equation based on two given numbers. If both are zero, it returns "zero".
14703: This function checks if the input is an even integer. It returns True when it's divisible by two, and False otherwise in Python programming language
14704: This Python script sorts an array of objects by their weight. The sorting is done using the Bubble Sort algorithm which compares each pair and sw
14705: This Python function calculates the ratio of distance between two points and checks if they are within or outside an area defined by their positions. The result is
14706: This function finds the position of ":" in string 'Name' and if it doesn’t find any, returns original Name else removes first two characters
14707: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays x and returns the transpose matrix, or equivalently it creates another list where each sublist is
14708: This line of the given Python script is setting 'merge request' as variable and extracting its "Target Branch" from it. The result will
14709: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first two check that their values are within valid ranges, while third checks whether
14710: This function checks the part of speech and returns an appropriate string. It uses Python's builtin 'tagging'. If it is not recognized,
14711: This Python function takes an input of time format 'HH::MM', splits it into hours and minutes using the colon as separator; If there
14712: If the input 'shape' values are of type "list", return their product. Otherwise just output them as they were before being passed to function in
14713: This Python script calculates the reciprocal of each element from an array, then multiplies them together. The final product is returned as "Result
14714: This line of the given Python function returns 't' multiplied by one trillion and then takes modulus with two, giving us an answer that
14715: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
14716: Convert the input to lowercase and check if it contains 'https' or not, return true/false accordingly 	Language used : Python   Version
14717: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether two variables are equal or not, and returns either 'True' as one line ('
14718: This line of Python script returns the last part from 'table' in dot notation, which is equivalent to getting just file name without extension or directory path
14719: If 'b' is zero, return the value of c. Else it checks whether or not B<8 and returns different results based on that
14720: This Python function takes an input string 'unit' and returns the number of seconds based on its value. It handles different units like years, months etc
14721: This script is used to find the first occurrence of 'command' from list "all commands". If found, it returns that element. Otherwise return none
14722: Copies the elements of y into another object, then updates that copy with those from 'x'. The result is returned as an output to be used
14723: This function checks if there is any object with more than 3 bounding boxes. If so it returns true else false indicating that the annotation file has
14724: This line of Python script calculates the result 3.6e48 by using exponentiation and multiplication, which is equivalent to dividing with
14725: This line of the program calculates and returns maximum length from list "d" by using map function. Then it pads all strings with spaces to make
14726: This script is used to create an average frame from the frames of different experimental conditions, where each key represents one condition and its value corresponds with list containing
14727: If 'a' is less than the value of variable, it returns that. Otherwise nothing happens and continues with next line or statement in program flow control
14728: This function calculates the value of an input variable 'current' based on some conditions and returns it as output, which is calculated using mathematical operations in
14729: This function takes in two points, and returns the coordinates of their respective floors.  It uses Python's builtin math module to perform these operations
14730: This Python function uses regular expressions to match an ID string that has two numbers separated by underscores and returns the note number followed immediately after it in
14731: This Python function splits the input 'string' into two parts based on its length and returns them in reverse order if they are 3 characters long
14732: Throw an error when the provided 'month' is not within valid range. The given value was "${::String}". Expected to
14733: Code converts the given number of inputted time in terms and returns it as an output. The function is able to handle numbers upto about one
14734: This Python script is used to aggregate entities from the Named Entity Recognition dictionary into separate dictionaries based on their type, which it then
14735: A function that takes as input the list of strings "labels" and returns an empty dictionary with keys from these string values split by '==' symbol
14736: Returns the value of an object with given 'Name' from list.  If not found, it returns None or default_val parameter provided as second
14737: This line of Python script calculates the product value between two variables 'y' and ‘z’. The result is stored in variable "val
14738: If either of the counts are unknown, return 'unknown'. Otherwise add and concatenates these two strings.  Code is missing in provided context but it
14739: This function is used to calculate the value of an exponentially weighted moving average cue in terms on unit interval [a;b] with parameters '
14740: This function returns the current date in format year/month/day.  It uses Python's datetime module to get today’ sdate and then
14741: This function returns the ceiling of x divided by ten, then multiplied with one hundred to get an integer result that is always at least as large or
14742: This function takes in two tuples, tx and rx. It calculates the length of each tuple's first element plus its second elements
14743: This Python function calculates the correct angle in degrees by subtracting or adding to it, depending on whether its value is less than zero. It also
14744: This Python function checks if the number is divisible by any element of given 'list' or not. If it finds one, then returns true else
14745: This function checks whether the given 'key' is present as an advantage or return. If it isn’t found anywhere else then returns false and none
14746: This script is used to extract the name and identifier from FHIR resource.  It uses try/catch block in Python, which allows it not
14747: This Python script appends data to dictionaries and lists based on certain conditions, which is similar functionality as if it were written with an "if"
14748: This Python function calculates the value of an equation. The input is 'X', and it returns its result after performing some operations on X, which
14749: This Python function converts an integer into its equivalent IPvv address. The input is the decimal representation of IP and output will be in string format with
14750: This function checks whether the given property id matches certain criteria and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it will return an error message "
14751: This python script calculates the total costs of an array/list 'equipment'. It iteratively goes through each element and adds its "Price"
14752: This Python script converts the given string into an integer and formats it to have 3 digits per number using zero padding with leading zeros as
14753: This line of the given C++ function returns x shifted right by 'n' bits and then ANDed with FF...FF. The result is
14754: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14755: This function calculates the number of times one can subtract 'c' from an integer variable, where c is less than or equal to another given
14756: This Python function checks the pixel spacings of two slices in DICOM format and returns an appropriate value to scale down or up image data based
14757: This function calculates the linear regression model' slope and returns it along with its corresponding frequency.  The input is an array of data points,
14758: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
14759: This script splits the input string into two parts using ',' as separator and assigns them to variables respectively; then it further divides these
14760: This Python function calculates the return of an investment based on its percentage and maximum. The result is returned as 'value'.  Code explanation in one
14761: This Python script reads the path of an input file and tries to open it as JSON data using json module's load() function or loads(). If
14762: This function returns the result of subtracting 'p' from half ('x') times by multiplying it with itself twice, which is equivalent to div
14763: This script calculates the timeslotted offset based on datetime and schedules. The number of slots is determined by 'time xmission' which determines
14764: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the pattern of an input file name, and then returns either that matched string or another formatted version if it matches
14765: This function converts the given number of minute inputs into equivalent time in terms. It handles negative values and returns 'Never' when input is '-'.
14766: This Python script calculates the sum of coefficients multiplied by their respective powers. The power is calculated as 'n' to one less than its position
14767: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value as is; otherwise converts and return converted
14768: This Python function generates an HTML string that contains information about what type of machine learning algorithm is being used. The input to it, 'mm', represents
14769: This Python script uses list comprehension to flatten the nested sequence. It iterates over each element of 'seq' and creates new lists by taking
14770: Code is used to create a new instance of the class. The function takes two parameters, an object and its type as input which are then passed into
14771: This Python function checks whether the given alignment string is valid by checking that it has exactly two different characters with distinct indices. If so，it returns True
14772: This function checks if one hand is rock, paper ,or scissiors against the other. It returns true when it's valid to play with
14773: Returns the id of an object if it exists, else returns 'None'.  Code is used to get and store data from/to database in python
14774: This Python script splits each string of input into two parts using "==" as separator, and then stores these pairs to dictionary format with second
14775: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses builtin functions like `zip` and list comprehension to
14776: This function returns the corresponding string based on an input number. If it's less than or equal to 18, return 'a'. El
14777: This is an example of the sigmoid function, which takes two inputs and returns one output. The formula used here calculates how likely it'
14778: This function checks whether the given string matches with "{spec['common']['Appname']}-Flower" pattern. If it does, returns true
14779: This function calculates the square of an input number, then adds 5. The result is returned as output from that operation in Python programming language using
14780: This Python function converts the input string to title case, where each word starts with an uppercase letter and all other characters are lowercased except
14781: This Python script is creating an event list from the given data structure 'process'. The function iterates over each tuple of four elements and creates events based
14782: This function checks whether the input 'User ID' argument passed to it by users of our system matches certain conditions; in other word checking that UserID
14783: This Python function splits the inputted comma separated strings into separate floats and returns them as float values in an array format using map() & split
14784: This line of Python script splits the string 'code' into an array/list using newline as separator and returns it back to caller
14785: This function checks the status of an object and returns its color based on whether it has been modified. If not then return green otherwise yellow or red depending
14786: This function matches any string that contains an equals sign and returns the part before it as key value pair if found else return original attribute name/value pairs
14787: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the list of its individual digit in reverse order using while loop structure with 'for' instead if statement
14788: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14789: This function returns the filename from an absolute path if it exists, else return original filepath – Code provided by user in question's answer on
14790: This is an implementation of the Gamma method in Python. The three gammas are calculated based on different scenarios and their respective meanings can be interpreted as
14791: This function checks whether the name starts with '1.0..' and has exactly 3 parts separated by dots in reverse order of their appearance within
14792: This Python function normalizes and shifts angles by an offset, then returns them as if they were normalized but with their signs reversed to match that of
14793: This function checks if the given attributes exist within each of these 'snapshot' dictionaries. If they do not exists it returns false otherwise true
14794: This function returns the result of multiplying fd by number tics. The multiplication is done using integer division, and then an additional cast to '
14795: This Python script attempts to read the file with given filename and return its content if it exists; otherwise returns an empty string in case of any error or
14796: This Python function calculates the maximum value between five and an expression that is derived from multiplying two numbers together with logarithm of their bit length minus
14797: This Python script takes an argument and determines whether to use the clipbord or file system as its data source. If --clipboard is passed,
14798: If condition is true return dictionary with keys 'ab' and value of the number. Otherwise returns an integer which equals to fourty two in Python language
14799: This Python function is used to format the system's major.minor and micro versions into one string in 'major', '.',' minor'. If
14800: This Python function is used to filter out the links that contain 'subgroup' and appends other non-"subgoup"-named ones into
14801: This Python function converts all integers and floats to their integer equivalents while leaving other values unchanged using the try/catch block structure within an iter
14802: This Python script calculates the total number of room IDs. It initializes an accumulator to 1 and then adds each unique 'room'
14803: This Python function calculates the expected value E([|X - μ|^p]) where X is an array, mu represents mean or expectation values etc
14804: This Python function checks if two lists are equal length, then verifies that every element of the first list is also present within second. If both conditions
14805: This line of the script splits an input string into individual hash tags and returns them as list in Python language using split function with no arguments, which
14806: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each item of the 'entries' list. For every unique combination found within that "
14807: This Python function takes an integer as input, checks if it's greater than 36 and modifies the value to be irreductible
14808: Counts the number of digits present within string "c" using Python.  Code is counting from zero to nine, and it counts each digit
14809: This function returns an empty list when there are no transmitters, otherwise it generates and return the coordinates of all transmitted data.  The result is
14810: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number. If it's not possible to convert, then raise ValueError with
14811: If the variable 'shouldEndSession' is true, return an empty string; otherwise play audio file from URL and then end session with prompt text returned
14812: A dictionary is created with keys as the directory names and values are another dictionaries containing 'type' key set to value of bind. The other element
14813: If the denominator is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise continue with calculation.   [...]    else :     result = num / float(
14814: This function returns '10' when the value of `val` is equal to reference, else it will return zero. The purpose here was just
14815: This function returns 'ONE' when the input is positive, and otherwise it will return zero. The condition checks whether or not an integer has been passed
14816: Splits the variable into two parts based on "==" and returns them with leading/trailing whitespace removed using strip().  This is
14817: This function takes an integer 'n' and returns the same number of spaces as in input. If there are more than 1 space, it will
14818: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14819: If the measurement is triggered, it will return either of two values based on certain conditions. The first value returned depends upon whether or not an 'sw
14820: Code checks if the input list contains at least one integer or floating point number. If it does not have these two types of numbers together - raises an
14821: ...'  # Insert your own text here. Replace "..." with the actual content of each line or block in detail below, keeping it
14822: Checks if the given fields exist and are of correct types. If all checks pass then returns true else false – Code to check whether required keys
14823: This Python script splits the input string of comma separated values into individual elements, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and checks if
14824: This Python function finds the minimum length of an array, and then checks whether 'target' is within that range from any element present at first K elements
14825: This program creates two empty strings, then it reads from the user input. It checks if these inputs are valid and prints out an appropriate message based on
14826: This Python script checks whether the file exists and, in case it does exist; returns its modification time as an integer or zero when unavailable/not
14827: This Python function checks the length of an inputted value, and raises either error message depending on its condition. If it is “null” i
14828: This line of the given Python function returns an integer result. The hexadecimal value is shifted to right by four bits and then combined with another
14829: This function returns the opposite direction of an input string. It uses conditional statements to return different strings based on whether or not it receives specific inputs ("d
14830: This Python function checks the first few lines to see whether they are "TITLE ". If so, it will return that string after removing leading and
14831: This line of the Python script calculates and returns back orders percentage. It does so by dividing numberOfBackOrdersByTotalNumberofP
14832: This Python function deletes keys from the dictionary 'd' that are not present within an array of strings named "language". The purpose here was to
14833: This Python function converts boolean values to their string equivalents ("No" or “Yes"). It iterates over the list of variable names,
14834: This Python script creates an object that maps DNA nucleotides to their complements. It then uses the map function in combination with list comprehension and
14835: This line of the Python script counts and returns how many uppercase letters are in 'text'. It uses list comprehension to filter out non-"UP
14836: This function shifts the bits of an integer to left by 'n' places. It is equivalent in functionality with Math::pow() from Perl,
14837: This function returns the classification of an input 'Value' based on its coverage compared to another given parameter, with some conditions set in it as per requirement
14838: This function generates an array of strings from the input string 'uid' that are each at most length equal to one byte. If there is not enough
14839: This Python function returns the category of an input number based on its value. The categories are as follows, in order from “low” to high
14840: If the length of 'Line' is 1 then it calls function to generate markdown table row from single element. Otherwise return string with elements joined
14841: This line of Python script calculates the product and sums up all elements from two lists. The function uses 'zip' to pair corresponding items together before
14842: Check if the property has both '$' value attribute with non empty name. The length of @name should not exceed 64 characters in total
14843: This Python function checks if the complex number |c| is less than √3. If it's not then return false else true or
14844: This function returns the opposite of 'codElChose' as an integer. It is used to select between two options in some cases, where one
14845: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14846: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in space based on three parameters, and returns them as floats or zeroes when division by z
14847: This Python function calculates the effective number of photons in an electron beam using equation given by the formula, and returns it as half negative value to represent
14848: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
14849: Return an object with the id and url attributes of given 'analysis' dictionary if it exists; otherwise returns "None" as both values in
14850: This Python function generates all possible substring of the input string s, and returns them as list with one line using slicing syntax [::].
14851: This Python script calculates the average of all values stored within 'vals' list.  It initializes two variables, "val" and sum to
14852: This Python function calculates the average sentiment and number of agreements between two vectors. The sentiments are normalized by dividing each element in both lists with
14853: This line of the given Python script checks if 'json' is one or more keys present within ```(````one instance from ‘key
14854: This function returns the string ' X - Object Meta' concatenated with an input parameter.  The purpose of it is to add prefixes before
14855: This function checks if every element of the list 'tiles' is equal to its first occurrence. If it finds any non matching elements, then returns
14856: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14857: This function replaces the word 'Profile' with another one in an input string, but only when it is at beginning of sentence or not present before
14858: If the length of 'A' is one then return A*B. Else perform bitwise right shift on both numbers and calculate odd/even
14859: If the number is negative, it returns False. Otherwise -> True; otherwise – Returns true or else statement in python language will be executed by
14860: This Python function takes two strings as input, compares them character bycharacter and returns the resultant string. The comparison is case sensitive if characters are
14861: This function takes two parameters - command and image folder. It replaces the placeholders {image} with 'images' in given string then it also
14862: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value, 'tau', which is derived from input parameters window &half;and&lt
14863: This Python function extracts the red component from an RGBA value and returns it as float between [O] to O[X]. The alpha channel
14864: This function returns the first four elements of an array. The input is not checked to ensure it's actually one or more items long; if you
14865: This line of the given Python script joins all fields in 'field' data with their respective names, types and modifier.  It uses map function
14866: If the key 'title' exists, assign its value to variable ```y```. Otherwise set it as default string “no_Title”
14867: This Python script checks the URI query to see whether it contains specific keywords. If so, then assigning appropriate dataset name based on those key word(
14868: This Python function is used to create an object that represents the schema of some response data based on its keys, properties etc., from another dictionary 'respons
14869: This line of Python script replaces all instances "\tab" with the string '   '. The result is then returned as output from function call, which
14870: If the 'layout' parameter has one of two values ("TBd") or it doesn’t exist then check whether there are any available channel parameters
14871: This Python script generates all the Prime numbers between ‘n’ and 'm' using an optimized method to find out whether each number from "start
14872: This line of the given Python script is creating an alias "domain" which points to lowercase version ("mapped") from 'map' function in
14873: This function finds the most frequent neighbor's colour from an input list of colors 'colours'. If there are multiple colours with same maximum frequency it
14874: This Python function takes in the current position and desired movement as input. It checks which direction to go based on what character is passed into it ("L
14875: This line of Python script filters out the dictionary entries that have values present within provided 'list' or set. The filter function is used to check if
14876: This block of Python checks the type/classification & content to determine what should happen next based on certain conditions; it handles different types like string ("
14877: If 'X' is either equal to one, return the number "one", else use table of precomputed values. This function calculates and
14878: This Python function replaces all occurrences of ':' with '_', replace spaces and remove parentheses from the string, then returns it as
14879: This line of the Python script is returning an IP address in string format, where '{}{}'. The node id and 3 digits are being
14880: This function checks if the given 'name' is present as one of many values within an array/list named "headers". If it exists then returns
14881: This Python function checks whether two numbers are equal or not. If they're the same it returns that number; otherwise - recursively calls itself with
14882: This Python script returns the transpose of an input matrix. It uses list comprehension to iteratively go through each element and its corresponding column, creating
14883: "Count number in dict, if key is missing return default value"	}""")```   This line can be used to generate an onel
14884: Code generates Lun Parameters in OpenStack.  The TYPE is set to '10' and NAME of the pool where it will be created
14885: This function checks if the length of an array is greater than its corresponding element. If it's true, then return false; otherwise returns 'True
14886: This Python function takes the JSON object returned by an API call and extracts out Latitute & Longtude from it. If any error occurs during
14887: This function checks if the number is less than zero, greater or equal to certain value. If it's not one of these cases then returns that
14888: This Python function calculates an equation based on input parameters 'theta'. The result is returned as '-' followed by number and ends with '.py',
14889: This Python function removes all spaces, newline characters and tabulation from the input string 'str'.  It then returns that resultant cleaned version of
14890: This function checks whether the given string, after stripping leading and trailing whitespace characters from it using Python's builtin str method 'str
14891: This line of the program converts an integer to its equivalent in binary format. 10 is converted into "...binary" and so on,
14892: This function checks whether the length of 'key' is zero, returns false and also verifies that every character within it are uppercase letters only by
14893: Checks if the point is within defined bounds.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true or error message depending on whether conditions are
14894: Returns true if x is exactly zero, false otherwise. This operation has no side effects and does not depend on the value of 'y'. It'
14895: If the length of 'message' is less than that in prefix, return false. Otherwise check whether it starts with given string and returns result as boolean
14896: This function returns different values based on the value of 'c'. If "c" is less than "-3", it will return zero. Else
14897: If the two numbers are equal, returns zero. Otherwise it will continue to do something else in an unknown manner and then end up returning some value or
14898: This function takes as input an array of tuples representing the dimensions and step sizes to be used when resizing images. It calculates both new
14899: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
14900: This Python script splits the string 'operator' into parts using dot as separator and returns last part of split list which is "name".
14901: This Python script creates two lists by using the unique string of each element from one List and filtering out those elements that are not present within another given Set
14902: This line of the program calculates temperature in Fahrenheit from Celsius using an equation that converts it to Kelvin and
14903: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the 'groups' variable and appends it to another temporary string that is
14904: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
14905: This line of Python script calculates the average pixel intensity in an image by dividing each color channel's value with its maximum possible RGB values,
14906: This Python function joins the elements of two lists into strings. If one or both input list is None it returns an empty string; otherwise return as per
14907: Creates JSON object with given parameters. Context dictionary stores the key/value pairs of each parameter and its corresponding context name in order to be used later
14908: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as its name suggests. The length is determined by 'l', but it does
14909: This function returns the string '<language>' concatenated with page primary key and language.  It is used to generate unique URLs in power
14910: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14911: This Python function checks whether the string 'hop' is present as an element of `edge_data`. If it does, then returns that value
14912: This Python function calculates the time in hours, minutes and seconds from decimal degrees. It takes three parameters d representing degree of direction to east/west
14913: If the action is 'protected branch dismiss stale reviews', return true, otherwise false; else do nothing and continue with next line of script or function
14914: Creates an identity matrix of the given dimension.  The elements on its main diagonal are all ones, and everything else is zero - like creating or
14915: This Python function calculates the result of m to power e and then takes modulo n. It's an efficient way in terms performance, especially
14916: This Python function splits an input string into parts based on the comma and space, then returns only one part of that split if it's not
14917: This line of the given Python script converts each word in "pattern" string into an integer and returns them as integers within another List comprehension context
14918: This Python function calculates the mean of two lists. The first list is used to calculate an average value, and then that same process applies again on
14919: This function calculates the sine of φ, which is used in calculating distance between two points. The formula being applied here uses dx and dy
14920: This Python script creates an empty array. It then fills it with the numbers from one to four using List Comprehension method which removes any number
14921: This is an example of linear regression model in Python using scikit learn library, where the equation used to predict y from xs and it'
14922: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an ASCII art representation. The input message is repeated across three lines, with each side having
14923: This Python function is used to create an XML file with the name of 'network' plus '.inst'. The content written into that xml will be <
14924: This line of Python function returns the number's binary representation length. It uses builtin python functions bin() and slicing to get only 1
14925: This Python script loads an image and returns the latitude, longitute of location information from it using JSON formatting in Julia language – END OF
14926: If the input 'string' isn’t null, replace all hyphens with underscores; otherwise return "None".  This function will be
14927: Checks whether the variable 'name', which should be defined, has an empty value. If it does not have any content or its length equals to
14928: This Python function calculates the output voltage of an RC circuit using given input voltages and parameters. The formula is derived from Kirchhoff's
14929: This function calculates the value of an equation based on input 'x'. The result is calculated as follows, firstly it squares `'X`
14930: This function returns the average of U squared, where 'u' is an input parameter in Python programming language and it takes two parameters as inputs to
14931: This function returns the string 's' with only letters removed. The filter() and isLetter functions are used to check if each character in "
14932: This script converts the input parameters to strings. It checks whether each parameter has an integer type and attempts conversion into string format using Python's built
14933: This Python script checks the name of an imported python file and returns different strings based on its content, depending upon what it is supposed to do with that
14934: This Python script splits the string 'punteo' into list of strings, finds index in that array if it exists and replaces commas
14935: This function returns the first occurrence of an index value from 'encoded' dictionary. If no such element exists it will raise KeyError exception and handle
14936: This Python function counts the number of times an element appears as part or substring within another list. It uses 'in' operator to check if each
14937: This function calculates the effectiveness of using one stat in battle. It takes into account two factors; boost from specific Pokémon and base damage multi
14938: This Python script creates an empty set, then adds each element of the 'trigles' variable to it and finally returns all unique elements from that
14939: This python program uses the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. The main idea is that it repeatedly applies division until no further divisions can
14940: This python function takes three parameters, calculates the product of two fields and checks if it's greater than zero. The result is returned as output
14941: This Python function checks whether the input is either 'True', or, in case of false it returns an equivalent value. If neither are true nor two
14942: This line of the given Python script calculates temperature difference between two temperatures, which is then divided by 10 and added to one more value.
14943: This Python function checks the input energy and its corresponding units, then converts it to another specified form based on that information using an IF/ELIF
14944: This line of the Python script checks if record['feature'] is equal to 'exon' AND whether or not it has an attribute called transcript
14945: If the 'None' value of "ID" variable, it raises an error. Otherwise returns null as result from database queries and assigns to `
14946: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an empty string. The substring '{}' is replaced with name, which represents one module in
14947: This script splits the text into individual "paths", ignoring any lines that start with an '>`'. It then appends these paths to another
14948: This line of Python script returns the version number in major.minor format as string from sys module's '__versions'.  It is used
14949: This Python script counts the number of bits in an integer that are set to 'one' using bitwise AND operation. It uses while loop and shifts
14950: This function normalizes the input X to be between 0 and one. It does so by subtracting its lower bound, 'lb', from it
14951: This script generates the minimum and maximum coordinates of two dimensions from an input list. It also calculates their difference to get both dimension's size/
14952: This Python function takes as input an NxM matrix and returns its "Transpose" or reversed version, where the rows become columns with each
14953: This Python function replaces keys of nested dictionaries with values from another dictionary using the provided mapping table and recursively handles any subdictionaries it may
14954: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14955: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of tuples provided. For each tuple it checks if its first element is
14956: If the variable 'x' is equal to string value of “none”, return none. Else do nothing and simply output/return whatever
14957: This line of the Python script is checking whether absolute value or 'abs' function result exceeds .005, and assigns it to variable "
14958: This function returns the string 'HIT!' followed by an empty line and then it says that hidden is equal to some value.  The variable `
14959: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'num' and ‘den’. It calculates the integer part of num/ den by using math
14960: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from the 'url' parameters of your request using split() function to
14961: If the first input is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns its value as per given formula else it will throw an error message "Error
14962: This function is used to determine the piece that can be played on an opponent's corner square given their current state and possible moves they could make from
14963: This function checks if the error of two consecutive data sets are consistent with each other by comparing their edges and checking whether they differ more than an average value
14964: If the length of 'Key' is more than 0 and less/equal to one, then it checks if every character within that string either upper
14965: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
14966: This Python function checks the type of an object based on its value or class; it returns that same input as long there's no match found otherwise
14967: This Python script checks whether the first object is less than or equal to second one and swaps their values accordingly in case it's true else assign
14968: This function takes two tuples as input, each containing four values representing the coordinates of an image. It returns another tuple with 8 elements that
14969: If the source string is empty, it returns an blank.  Otherwise...   Code continues as normal and ends with returning result of function call on input
14970: This line of the given Python script is adding spaces to make sure that all strings in an array have equal or longer than 'min_length'. If
14971: This Python script conversts hexadecimal color codes to their integer equivalents and returns them as list of integers using the given step size between
14972: This Python function retrieves the value of 'metadata' key with name BUILD_TAG and assigns it to variable ```"Build Tag".
14973: This function flattens nested properties into one level. It uses recursion to handle dictionaries and lists within the dictionary/list values of 'prop
14974: This line of the Python script splits 'app' by its return value, resulting in an array with one element containing only that returned string from function
14975: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
14976: This line of the given Python script returns an array/list by splitting 'config' string on each newline character using split() function with keep empty
14977: "A simple, yet effective way to return the result of no operation." (END OF SUMMARY)."""  ```python`def do
14978: This function calculates the ratio of branches to total tree nodes. The formula is derived from mathematical principles, but it's not an exact science and
14979: This Python function checks the given 'value' and returns either {'dispaly': ‘None’} or {“Display” : unSet
14980: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns minimum difference between two times. It's used to find out how long it takes from one
14981: This function returns the string representation of an object. The proxy is used to access methods and attributes on objects, which can be useful in debugging or
14982: This Python function checks the number of days per each given months. It takes into account leap years when necessary to calculate February's day count correctly based
14983: Checks the type of function and returns its name. If not found, it checks whether there is an associated 'block' with that specific key ('
14984: Checks if the string contains at least one character that is not ASCII. If so, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there
14985: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14986: This Python function checks whether the input `is_bool` or string representation of boolean values are 'True' and/or ‘False’ by
14987: This line of Python script divides the string 'sinput' into separate strings, separated by spaces and returns them in list format as output from function
14988: This line checks whether the number of correct predictions matches with actual observations. If not, it prints an error message and returns zero to indicate that there is
14989: This line of Python function checks if the intersection between two lists is empty, and also verifies that all items in 'item' list are unique.
14990: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14991: This line of the given Python script is replacing all dots in config key with underscores and then prefixing it by 'MBED_CONF
14992: This Python script reads lines from an input file, and skips any that start with "CNC", then appends the non-"skipped"
14993: This function takes as input the sequence of strings, and returns an updated version where each string is converted to upper case. The original sequences are not modified
14994: This Python function is used to pad the start of 'variable' with spaces until it reaches its length. The number and type are not considered when padding
14995: This script checks the current GLSL version and sets up appropriate flags based on it. It also handles different stages of Shaders like vertex, fragment etc
14996: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
14997: This function decreases the learning rate by 'factor' every step. It uses an iteration over all provided values of "steps" and if current training phase
14998: This script is used to validate the configuration file and update it with default values if necessary based on provided keys from another dictionary 'defaults'. It also prints
14999: This Python function converts the first character of an input string to lowercase and returns its ASCII value modulo by 'a'’s as
15000: This function calculates the tile number based on longitude. The formula is lon+(3/4), which means it takes into account that tiles
15001: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15002: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each 'ids' within the given input of lists and append to it all corresponding tokenized
15003: This function calculates the grayscale value of an RGB color based on its luminance, which is then compared to some threshold (.5). If
15004: This Python function calculates the power of 'n' to be raised with exponentiation by ‘d’ and returns it. The result is then
15005: This Python function calculates the factorial of an inputted integer. It starts with “Total” as one and then multiplies it by each
15006: This function checks the input and returns it as per conditions specified above, else return original string/value itself depending on its type & content – i
15007: This Python function checks if the given 'timestamp' is less than one year. It does so by checking whether or not it equals to zero, followed
15008: This Python function finds the maximum value from an input list of integers. It initializes with negative infinity, then iterates over each element to check if
15009: This function takes an input value, multiplies it by ten thousand and rounds the result. It returns rounded number as output from that operation in Python programming
15010: This line of the given Python script is creating an array that starts from index 3 in 'GT' JSON list and returns it. The resultant
15011: This Python script creates bins of data and returns them in the format required by other parts or functions that require bin definitions as input parameters."  # no
15012: "A function that takes in an URL and returns the domain name from it"  }.freeze,   Code is used to extract or generate
15013: If the next character in string is "0", then it returns false. Otherwise, if not equal to “"+” or "#": It
15014: If the input string doesn't exist or it has no content, then output an empty result.  Otherwise proceed with processing as normal in R language
15015: This line of the program calculates and returns an image's perceived "distance" to its object. The formula used is based on geometric principles,
15016: This function returns True if the input string is an "isogram" and False otherwise. An Isograms are strings that do not have any repeating
15017: This Python function tries to get the year from an object 's' and returns it if possible, otherwise return '-1'.  It uses exception handling
15018: If the length of 'HAYSTACK' is less than that in NEEDLE, return '-1'. Otherwise check whether both strings are equal
15019: This Python function converts the input list of numbers into one string, with each number separated by '.' and no trailing dot at end if it
15020: This function concatenates two numbers x and y, separated by commas.  It returns the result as string type in Python language using builtin functions
15021: This function calculates the Fibo number at given index. If input is less than one, it returns zero as per requirement and also handles base
15022: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15023: This line of the script replaces all backslashes in "movie\_paths" with forward slash, which is commonly used as path separ
15024: This Python script finds the URL of an HTTP response with smallest difference from target date and time using absolute value as distance measure between two dates/times which
15025: "Computes spherical geodesic distances." ...   # Add more details as needed to complete sentence length constraint here ...    }}}"	}
15026: A dictionary that stores the results of expensive function calls. (Note, it's not used in real application but is useful to speed up
15027: If 'callback' function exists, it will be called on each of the elements inside "callbacls" and if any call back returns True
15028: This function checks whether the input value is within an acceptable range. If it's above or below, returns that limit; otherwise just returning original number
15029: This function returns the year range of an event. If both years are equal, it simply outputs that one value; otherwise，it concatenates them with
15030: This Python script generates an array of zeros and ones based on the condition provided. The values are compared with 'decision value' which is set
15031: This function is used to calculate the next power of 2 that's greater than or equal with window length multiplied by sample rate. It does
15032: This Python script is designed to extract the state dimension from an object named 'architecture', then it will return three values - Input size of RL
15033: This function returns the size of an object in bytes from its 'title' line, or `None` otherwise – using regular expression to match and
15034: This Python function checks the current 'line' in an ongoing process of reading from input file using some specific conditions based on its status ('State'). If
15035: This line of the Python script checks if file size is greater than or equal to minimum specified value.  It's used in filtering data based on
15036: This function returns the type of an object as string.  It's used to get information about what kind or data structure is being passed in,
15037: A function that returns the name of an executable file.  The input is expected to be in string format and it will append ".pyc", which
15038: This Python function checks the index of an element and returns different lists based on its position in sequence. The first list contains one item with value 0
15039: This function calculates the difference, sum and comparison between two values in an array. The first value is calculated as '(value1 – Value
15040: If either of the two variables are `None` then it returns one. Otherwise return both values in order and find their minimum value using Python's
15041: This function returns the sentiment of an input text based on its 'polarity' or degree to negative, neutral and positive from –∞(
15042: Code: created an empty list, then iterates over the 'settings' tuple and checks each element of it to see if its first item is either
15043: If the types of two objects are different then they're unequal; otherwise check their dictionary lengths and compare corresponding keys from both dictionaries to see
15044: This function checks whether there is an entry named as `“In”` and returns it alongwith other required details like ‘Out’ & Exec
15045: This line of the program calculates and returns half value between two numbers. The first number is incremented by one, then it multiplies with itself
15046: This Python function replaces certain characters in the input string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by some browsers or other software
15047: This Python function calculates the Area of Triangle using base and height. The formula is given as "Area = 0.5*base_length
15048: This line of the given Python script initializes an integer variable 'h' to 0, and then iterates over each character present within inputted
15049: This Python function calculates the output dimensions of an image after applying convolution operation. The input parameters are img, height and width which represent images's
15050: This function checks if the given string is palindrome or not. It returns true when it finds two equal characters and stops checking further because of that
15051: If the weather is too warm or humid and there's no one to steal something from us. It will print out 'wow', followed
15052: This Python function copies the input 'label' list, then replaces each label with its corresponding value from another dictionary ('cluster map'). If there is
15053: This function checks if the given phrase ends with an underscore. If it does then returns true else false  Code is checking whether or not one of
15054: Checks if the string contains ':'. If it does, returns True. Otherwise False or None depending on whether there is an error occurred during execution of
15055: Temperature conversion from Fahrenheit to Celcious using Python programming language and the builtin function round(). 10/3 is
15056: This Python script splits the input lines of bedtools intersect command into different variables based on tab delimited values in each row and returns these as
15057: This Python function calculates the value of 'Coins' based on two lists. The first list is used to calculate an offset and then it multi
15058: Checks whether the value 'check' matches any element of either an array/tuple. If it does match one and only then returns true;
15059: A list of numCard elements, all filled with 'U'. This is the initial state or empty deck.  The variable "board" holds an
15060: This Python function splits the input string into individual word, then sorts each of these letters and checks if it has been encountered before by comparing with another
15061: This Python function generates an array of tuples representing the start and ending indices in which couples are found within given range or list/array 'data
15062: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding one to that number, depending on whether it is divisible by four. If
15063: This Python script generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to 'n'. The variables "A" and 	"B", initially set
15064: This Python script flattens nested lists. It uses the builtin `isinstanc` function to check if an element of 'lst'
15065: This Python function uses bitwise operations to determine the number of times it needs shift right operation in order not only increase speed but also decrease memory usage.
15066: This Python function takes in two lists of four numbers and returns the coordinates that make up their bounding rectangle's centroid. The input list represents
15067: This function checks if the last character of directory path is '.' or not, and returns True/False accordingly based on that condition in Python programming language
15068: This Python function calculates the linear regression model's y intercept and returns it. The equation is derived from its parameters, which are 'm
15069: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
15070: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual components using the "%%", and then appends each nonempty one to another list
15071: This line of the function returns only one element from an array. It's doing exactly what it is supposed to do, returning just x at index
15072: This Python function reverses the integer and returns it. If input is negative, then multiplies by '-' to indicate that number has been negated
15073: This function returns the coordinates of all eight possible neighbors to any given cell in an n x m grid. The top left corner is considered as 0
15074: This line of the program removes leading and trailing white spaces from 'text' variable, then converts all characters to uppercase using Python built in
15075: This function returns the URL of youtube's video list page with given 'pla... 10 more lines below, add your own thoughts
15076: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
15077: This Python script splits the input string into two lists of integers. The first list is created by taking every second element from 'str'. Secondly
15078: This Python function creates an empty list and then appends tuples to it within the specified ranges of indices from level + 1 upto four times
15079: This function takes an integer as input and if the number is negative, it converts to positive by changing its sign. Otherwise nothing happens but returns original
15080: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
15081: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns it. If 'int' or integer then return as "is" else check whether its floating
15082: This function calculates the value of an expression using recursion. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it'll be used to calculate some specific
15083: This Python script splits the input string into two parts using "/" as separator and then converts them to floats before performing division operation which
15084: This line of the given Python script multiplies two numbers and then divides by another number. The result is rounded up to nearest integer using 'ceil
15085: This Python function checks whether the input variables are either integers of floats. If so it performs subtraction operation else returns error message stating that both values
15086: This Python function filters out submissions with fewer than the specified minimum number of comments from an input list, and returns these as new output List/Array
15087: This Python function shifts the labels of an object by given amounts on x and y axes respectively using dictionary data structure to store positions information about each position
15088: This function calculates the ceiling of logarithm base 2 to get size in bits. It's used by some functions that need ring sizes as
15089: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into parts using os specific separator, and if no such separation is possible it returns None
15090: This function checks if the last character of input is '*. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False – ENDS_WITH
15091: This Python function checks whether the filename is present as key of dictionary 'lfn' and, If it isn’t there then adds new entry to
15092: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
15093: This line of the program calculates how much time is left in an employee's shift. If it checks into or before their current job, they
15094: This Python function calculates the frequency of an instrument in Hz based on its MIDI note number and returns it as float value, which is then
15095: This Python function checks whether the input `is of type tuple or List` and converts it into one element only when necessary by wrapping its elements
15096: This function calculates the fidality of two given values. If either value is less than zero, it raises an error; otherwise depending on their
15097: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an array 't' using numpy.  It uses list comprehension to calculate each term and then
15098: This function calculates the total energy of an object with constant thermal conductivity and given initial temperature. The formula is derived from thermodynamic principles,
15099: This function takes an array of arguments and returns the command string based on its position. If no argument is provided it will return empty String else if there
15100: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns percentage value. It takes two parameters, 'total_items' &amp;#x3
15101: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an image to be resized based on its size and another specified dimension. It checks if it's possible
15102: A python script that takes an input of 'str' type and returns the same as it is. It does not do anything with them, just creates
15103: This Python function returns the string representation of an input list, replacing each dot with forward slash and every opening bracket ('[') to create nested
15104: This function adds one to the input if it is less than its array's size, otherwise returns zero. It mimics Python behavior of modulo
15105: This function is used to get the id and type of an Issue from its given 'Issues' list. If no match found, it returns
15106: This Python script checks if the number exists on any of 9 cells around it. If found, returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all
15107: If the 'manufacturing' id is equal to one, it returns .37; otherwise -> return value of two in case condition not
15108: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of 'factors' and adds each unique element to our new dict. If
15109: This Python script converts command line arguments into dictionary format where keys are properties and values can be either boolean or integer based on the input string representation of
15110: This line of Python script returns the output string with an embedded timestamp. The '{}' is used to insert variable values into placeholders in strings,
15111: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 't' which is equal to ‘rij’ divided by another variable, named as
15112: This Python function joins the lines of an input string with spaces between each one, resulting from duplicating some number 'N' on every newline character
15113: This Python script creates an empty dictionary to store interactions between characters. It then iterates over the list of 'links' and adds or increments values
15114: If 'memories' contains the key named as string, then check whether it also has another dictionary with keys called length. In that case return its
15115: If strict mode isn't set up on the current environment then it will print an error message and return to avoid any potential issues with testing cloud services
15116: If the version is “20XXX”, return 'x'. Else split and get second part of string after '-' symbol to
15117: This function checks if all LAS files have the same format id, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition and also returns how many unique formats
15118: This function checks whether the URL has an HTTP or HTTPS scheme and returns only its main part after stripping off any leading/trailing sl
15119: This Python script checks whether the current event is pull request and, in that case it extracts PR number from URL using regular expression matching; otherwise returns
15120: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns as is; if successful - converts and return its value
15121: This function merges two dictionaries. It takes in the reference to tasks and information about them as parameters; it then returns their combined dictionary using Python
15122: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15123: This function checks if the number is less than 9^counter. It's used to determine whether or not we have reached our target value of
15124: This function checks if every line of the matrix is equal to its length. If not, it returns False; otherwise True after checking each individual element within
15125: This function is used to calculate the value of an arbitrary distribution with mean 'mu' and standard deviation ‘σ’, given by its cumulative
15126: This Python function checks the inputted list. If it's an empty or nonempty but with incorrect number elements then raises error else returns calculated values
15127: This Python function calculates the molecular weight of water using given parameters and returns it as output in one line, with no additional comments or spaces added to
15128: This Python script creates an array of the same length as input 'array' and populates it with elements from each corresponding position, where n is multi
15129: This line of Python script sorts the dictionary by its values and returns it as another one with keys/values swapped back to their original order from sort
15130: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15131: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15132: Checks if two strings are the same when they're both converted to all capital letters.  If so, returns true; otherwise false."""
15133: This is an example of using dictionary comprehension to create and print the output. The key 'd' represents each item from "data" list,
15134: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'x' and y, then returns their sum divided by half that value which
15135: This Python function calculates the sum of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two lists. The difference is calculated using builtin python functions like 'abs'
15136: This Python function reverses the order of characters in each word separated by dots (".") and joins them back together with no spaces between any two parts except
15137: If environment variable 'env' does not exist, it prints "Environment Variable Blank" and returns false. Otherwise return true;  This function
15138: This program converts an integer to its negative equivalent. It does so by first checking if the number itself isn't positive and then taking absolute value
15139: This function calculates the difference between two values, pc and one value subtracted by ten in Python programming language using simple arithmetic operations only without any
15140: This function checks the type/classification firstly whether it's an instance with class 'int', then another check to see what kinda data
15141: This is an equation that calculates the pressure of air at any given temperature and location. The formula used here assumes constant atmospheric pressures, which
15142: If no specific annotation types are provided, it defaults to the default.  Raises error when there's nothing given at all; otherwise iterates
15143: If the number of nodes is zero or one then return constant value. Else calculate and returns result based on formula given in problem statement with recursive
15144: This JSON object represents the configuration settings of devices that can be used with SmartDevices Manager SDK's camera live stream feature in iOS and Android
15145: This Python function takes an input 'exp' and returns the minimum of that value with another constant ('constant'). The result is then returned as two separate
15146: This Python function checks whether three lists are equal by comparing their corresponding elements. If any of the two input arrays do no match, it returns false;
15147: This function returns the string '<Submisssion ID>_' followed by <Source File Name and Target file name respectively. The result is
15148: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute n items into r groups, where each group has at least one item and no two same members in
15149: If the 'apn' list isn’t provided, return null. Otherwise join all elements in that array with semicolon and returns it as
15150: This Python script merges several dictionary objects into one, using the 'merge' operation from python 3+ onwards where multiple keys can be used
15151: This Python function calculates the value of 'nu' and returns it, which is twice its length plus one minus two times half that number divided by
15152: This line of the given Python script is splitting 'fp' string on "Lsbu_" and then taking second part after "_" which contains only
15153: This Python function calculates the mass of an object by multiplying its volume and converting it to kilograms using constants from physics, such as Plan
15154: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15155: This Python script generates all possible indexes of substrings within the given document and sorts them based on their content using Lambda function as key to sort by
15156: This line of the program calculates Percoaltion, which is used to determine how much saturation in an area should be allowed based on its size
15157: If the current bet amount is less than or equal to what's left in cash, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns an error message
15158: This function returns the list of letters A, B , C  D and E. It's just an example to show how Python functions work in
15159: Create two lists, one with zeros of length equal to the number in value list 3. Both are used as error arrays/counting variables
15160: This Python script counts the number of lines and spaces within string "str" using builtin function len() to get length. It then uses an if
15161: This Python script takes an input string "name" and returns the same output but with each word's letters being rearranged to reverse order.
15162: This program converts the input string to all upper case.  It does so by iterating over each character of 'val' and converting it into
15163: This line of the program is setting up two variables, 'peaks' and their corresponding start/ends. The first element in each list represents one
15164: This Python function calculates the coefficients of linear regression using two lists. The input is expected in form [([xi],[fi]), ...].
15165: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, and then returns its size. It's similar to Python’
15166: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15167: If 'inputs' contains both an empty directory specification, use the name of that as specified. Otherwise create persistent Volume Claims with default names based
15168: This Python script returns the part of filepath after last '/' if it exists, else return whole string as is – one line version using t
15169: If the type of x is not string, then it returns False. Otherwise - continues with next line to check whether or how many characters are in '
15170: A dictionary that maps each of the  months to its respective number days. This is used in calculating how many total day are there from January till now
15171: This Python function copies the original message and overrides some values with new ones from an input dictionary 'override'. If any value of "v"
15172: Attempts to get the language string from an object, if it doesn't exist or throws exception then returns 'None'.  This is similar
15173: This Python function counts the number of occurrences each character appears and returns them as string. It uses dictionary to keep track on count, then append
15174: This line of the given JavaScript function calculates and returns variance from dataset divided by size.  The result is stored in 'varexp' variable
15175: Appends the street name to 'items' list and returns it back, useful in building complex data structures like trees or graphs where each item is
15176: This Python script creates and returns an array of values from the input list that are greater than 1. The result is filtered by using 'if'
15177: If the number of shots is less than 1000, it returns that value. Otherwise - just show "too many" or whatever else
15178: This script creates the necessary HTTP header to access an HTML page. The "referrer" is set as per requirement, which can be any URL
15179: This Python script is used to find the two elements of an array that are different from each other. The function returns these as tuples if such
15180: This function checks whether an object 'item' has the key named id. If it does then returns its value else return None – Code snip
15181: This Python script splits the input string into an array of subdomains by reversing its order, then returns that list as output – it
15182: If the string is not empty, check whether it starts with "-". 	If so remove its first character. Else return original unmodified
15183: This Python script attempts to split the given string on ':' and return third element of list if exists, else it returns default value as String “
15184: This python function calculates the value of 'f' based on given inputs, which is an example formula used in physics simulations to calculate energy loss from
15185: This is an example of how to create and populate the list 'labels' using Java. The file starts with @test annotation, then it creates
15186: This function checks the conditions to return value of 'return_value' based on three parameters. If all these are true, it returns "True"
15187: This line of Python function returns the result from division operation. The input parameters are 'M' and ‘a’, where N is an unknown
15188: If the attribute value isn't set, return an empty string. Otherwise just display its content as it was given to us by user in input field
15189: This function converts the first letter of each individual string in an array to uppercase. If there is only one element, it returns that single character
15190: If the 'domain map' variable isn’t defined or it doesn‘ts contain any URLs associated with that particular key then return its corresponding value
15191: This Python function splits the string 'cname' into three components based on '-'. If its last part is equal to “python”,
15192: This line of Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, splits it into individual word(s), discards any empty strings
15193: This Python script splits the string 's' into multiple parts, then further split each part by space and underscore respectively to get gene id from
15194: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the desired information from input strings, if they meet certain conditions or patterns in their content; otherwise it
15195: This Python script creates an empty list named 'Orders' and then populates it with dictionaries, each containing the information about one order to be
15196: This Python script generates two lists of numbers, then finds the minimum absolute difference between any pair from these ‘indexes’. The 'list'
15197: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15198: This line of Python script converts the given input in 'HHH' format to minute. It uses builtins function `divmod` and string
15199: Creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from the given list of values. If no method object exists, sets status to ERROR; otherwise set
15200: Return True if the current 'cell' is equal to its immediate neighbor, otherwise False.  This function checks whether two cells are connected in any way
15201: If the key 'level' exists, it copies its value to another dictionary entry with same name. Then deletes that specific item from original dict as
15202: This Python script generates an array of strings using list comprehension. The string is "{}{}", where {} will be replaced by the number from
15203: This function calculates the total amount after adding tips to each transaction, given that “f” is an initial value and "tip" represents how
15204: This Python script splits the string 's' into an array of strings using "and" as separator and then creates dictionary from each substring
15205: Checks whether keylists' length is equal to datatype lists. If not, raises an error with message "Keys List & Data Type L
15206: This function checks whether the list 'xs' is empty. If it’is, then returns false; otherwise true – based on Python programming language
15207: This Python script generates two lists of color and marker options. The first is limited to the number specified by num variables in input while creating these paired t
15208: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns temperature in Celsius from an inputted Fahrenheit value, which is then
15209: Checks if the given parameters are within bounds. If not it returns 'False'. Otherwise return "True". The function checks whether there is an object
15210: This line of Python script capitalizes the first letter in each word after splitting on underscores and joining them back together with no spaces or special characters
15211: This Python function returns the ordinal indicator of an integer. For example, 0 would return 'zero', and so on up to but not including
15212: Replaces the characters '^' and '_', with their respective power of two in Python, as per requirement – replaces both occurrences
15213: This function converts the bounding box format from API to XYXY. It takes in an input of boudning boxes formatted as "x
15214: This Python script finds the last underscore in file names and extracts its value as part of their "Hostnames". If there is no "_"
15215: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into two parts using ':' as separator and assigns them to variables `i`
15216: This function subtracts the remainder of 'floor' division by "clamp" from its input, then adds it to an integer constant. The
15217: Sorts the list in ascending order using builtin sort function of python and returns it back to caller  Code snippet is not provided
15218: This line of the given C++ function is creating an instance variable with name 'field' and type bit. The size specified in it will be
15219: If the 'trial' response data isn’t provided then it uses all of our current tasks as potential answers. Otherwise we only keep those that
15220: Code returns true if the variables 'i' and/or ‘j’ are equal. If not, it will print an error message to console
15221: This line of Python script creates an empty dictionary. It's named "orderedDictionary" and is used to store key/value pairs where the keys
15222: Raise an error if the queue is accessed inappropriately. If it's not one of two options, throw another exception with message "Invalid
15223: This Python script calculates the time taken to execute by subtracting 'start' from and then rounds off. It also converts that into hours/
15224: This function checks the value of 'text' and returns an integer based on certain conditions, such as whether it equals to zero or not; when its
15225: This Python function returns the color corresponding to an input string. If 'qf' is equal, it will return different colors based on its value ("
15226: This function calculates the inverse of each band's value raised to one divided by its corresponding row in an array, which is then returned as output
15227: This function calculates the number of dots in an object defined by its two points. The width and height are calculated as absolute differences between corresponding coordinates;
15228: This function calculates the size of an object based on its volume, which is then scaled down by multiplying it with some constant factor to get rid
15229: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 0 to n -1. The keys of these dictionaries are set as
15230: This Python script merges two dictionaries using the 'merge' function and returns them as one dictionary with all original keys from both input files combined into
15231: This function takes an array of tuples as input and returns the string representation. The first element is used to form part “key”,
15232: This function checks if the given 'Year' is divisible by four, but not both. It also ensures that it can be evenly divided with
15233: This program continuously adds or subtracts from the variable 'a' until it reaches zero, then resets to three times of its original value and
15234: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string. If it isn’t then converts all elements in an iterable to strings
15235: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15236: Returns the response with an added "success" key and value of 'None'. This is done to indicate that no errors have occurred. If there were
15237: This function splits the input string by '.' and returns it as list of strings, then joins them with slash ('/'). This
15238: Checks whether the input string 'X' contains only true or false values, raises an error otherwise – Code checks that all characters of X are
15239: This Python script is used to manipulate the input sentence by adding or concatenating tokens based on their position and prefixes/suffix conditions using list
15240: This script retrieves the database information from an AWS RDS instance list and returns it if found with matching "db name". If not, return '
15241: This function calculates the thrust required to achieve an angle of beta, alpha and ruddeer in degrees respectively by using linear interpolation between two points
15242: This line of the program calculates and returns difference between two sizes.  The result is then used to perform some operations on it, depending upon its
15243: This function calculates the total number of legs based on input parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with common mathematical formulae, but it's
15244: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15245: Checks whether the number is either ‘zero’ or 'one' and returns True/False accordingly. If it isn\'t, then checks
15246: Checks if the file has at least two nonempty line starting with "license" or 'copyright' keywords.  If not, it returns
15247: This Python script checks the 'class' of each sentence in an input text file and assigns it to either “offensivespeech”
15248: This line of the script returns all elements in 'atid_namelist' from index 0 to end. The colon operator is used with
15249: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
15250: If the third element of 'Device' list, it returns its value. Else return default string with first and second elements combined in parentheses
15251: Inserts the filter into pipeline with type 'filter' and polygon as WKT string in JSON format – inserts at index position one of
15252: This Python function processes data and converts it into dictionary format, then appends each of these dictionaries to the 'Final Data' list which is
15253: This function checks if the first name of an article's authors is present as well, along with their last names. It also verifies that there
15254: This Python function takes in the name of an inputted text and returns it with its first underscore removed if present, otherwise just return that same string
15255: This is the formula used in Quantum Mechanics. It calculates energy of three quantum states based on their coefficients, and then uses these energies to
15256: This function checks if the word 'Children of Marry' is present as an answer to any question asked by user. If it exists, then returns
15257: This Python function replaces certain characters in the input string and then splits it into list of elements using comma as delimiter, which is equivalent
15258: This Python function converts the input text to title case. It takes an English sentence as its parameter and returns it in Title Case formatting with each
15259: This Python function calculates the value of 'a', then uses that to calculate other values. If any one calculation is greater than its corresponding variable,
15260: This script is designed to calculate the mass of an object based on its properties. The input parameters are temperature, chemical composition and cloud cover which affect how
15261: This Python script creates an output list with empty dictionary objects of the maximum length found within input data structure 'dl'. The values from each key are assigned
15262: This function takes an input string and returns the first part of it that is enclosed by parentheses or not at all using Python's split
15263: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the pattern of "prefix:[alphabetic or numeric characters]" in an input string, and returns only
15264: This Python function calculates the difference between consecutive elements of an input list 'F' and stores it into another output array, "T". The last
15265: This Python script rotates the given 3D array by one layer. The rotation is done clockwise around Z axis of three dimensions space and time
15266: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, assigns the value of 'vol' key to its corresponding values from another keys. It also checks if there
15267: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence and replaces all occurrences of T with A, G to C or vice versa in reverse order
15268: Code is used to convert the given number into its equivalent binary representation in Python." (END OF SUMMARY))'SUMMARIES')
15269: Returns the name of repository from which request was made. 1/3rd line in Python script that fetches data about GitHub repositories using
15270: This Python function splits the input string into two integers if it is in "start"-"end". It raises an error when no valid start and
15271: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula of linear interpolation and returns it in degrees Celc
15272: This Python function replaces certain characters in an HTML string with their corresponding escape sequences, making it safe to use within web pages or other text content that
15273: This Python function raises an error when the input 'key' parameter isn’t provided, and then returns only its last part after splitting it by '/
15274: If the key 'results' is found within our JSON object, return its value. Otherwise it will simply respond with whatever we have stored as default_
15275: This function multiplies the input 'x' by an integer constant, then shifts that result left to create room at its lowest order. The final value
15276: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an amount by multiplying it with another value, which is assumed to be one tenth in percentage
15277: This function checks whether the input 'object' can be either of type dictionary or lists. If it’s not one then raises an error message "
15278: This line of Python function calculates the ratio between two numbers. The result is returned as an output from that specific method call, which can be used
15279: If the current architecture is 'arch', return an integer. Otherwise, raise error with message of unknown architectures and provided value as input to function."
15280: This line of the given JavaScript function returns true if there is an 'e', but only when it comes from English verbs in plural form, otherwise false
15281: This function calculates the overlap between two rectangular regions. It first finds out how much of each rectangle is within another by finding their minimum and maximum coordinates
15282: This function calculates the real and imaginary parts of two complex numbers in Python using only one line each time it is called with different values as input parameters
15283: This line of the given Python function returns an expression that is calculated by multiplying two elements from different lists. The first element in each list corresponds to
15284: This Python function loops over the "source" variable and extracts information from each dictionary within it using nested looping structures to create an array of d
15285: Create an empty dictionary to store the manufacturer and model information.  For each input string on one of two lines starting with 'Manufacturer:' or
15286: If the given 'distance' is less than zero, return negative one; otherwise calculate and returns value of "1 minus" divided by difference between actual
15287: This Python function sorts an array of integers using the Bubble Sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^3)/6).  It'
15288: This Python script filters out files with the given extension from list of filenames using List Comprehension and lower function to make sure it'
15289: This function takes in text and returns the SHA1 hashed value of that input. It's used to generate unique identifiers based on an
15290: This script creates an array of labels from the given list, removes duplicates and sorts them.  It then returns these as one line output with each
15291: This line of the script is creating two variables. The first variable 'exchange' contains all properties from an object called Exchange which has been passed as
15292: This function calculates the position of an element in list based on its value. It returns None if it can't find that item, otherwise gives
15293: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
15294: This Python function calculates the maximum sum of any subarray. It uses Kadane's algorithm to find out and returns that value as well
15295: This function takes two matrices as input and returns their summation using numpy's add() method in Python programming language – Numpy is
15296: This function converts an RGB color to grayscale using the formulae provided in Lab Colorimetry standard by Wide Awake Laboratories
15297: This Python function converts the UUID to string. It's used in data cleaning and preprocessing tasks where we need strings instead of raw binary or
15298: Returns True if the document contains an XML namespace declaration with value 'urn' or '' in it, else False – based on whether there is any
15299: This Python function generates an edge list from the given dictionary of results, which includes information about linked sites and related onion domains/services if they exist within
15300: This line of Python script calculates the inverse ratio between two functions. The result is then returned as output from function call, which can be used in
15301: This line of the Python function returns all elements in list 'p' except first one.  It is equivalent to slicing operation on python lists,
15302: This Python script splits the time in hours minutes and seconds format into individual components then converts them to an integer value which is used as total number
15303: Split the date into year/month and day parts using "." as separator; convert to ints then assign back in order of years -
15304: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the sum. It uses Python's built in 'sum()'. 10/3 is not
15305: This Python script is used to configure the Flask application based on environment variables. It uses configuration from an external file called 'app/defaultConfig'.
15306: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15307: This Python function calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two lists and sums them up. The result is then returned as an output from that particular python
15308: This function checks whether the given string contains "/" and returns everything after it, or else return "None".  It is used to extract file names
15309: This Python function calculates the values of 'a' and its derivative with respect to both variables. The value is calculated using an iterative method that
15310: This Python function returns an ANSI colorized message. The text is colored yellow and black by default, but can be customized with the parameters passed
15311: This function checks if any of the distances between pairs are negative. If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such pair exists
15312: This Python function returns the background color based on whether or not 'val' variable holds true/false value. If it does, then return Green;
15313: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables, 'element' and assigning them to first indexed elements from an array. The function
15314: This Python function calculates the total number of lowercase letters present within an input string. It does so by iterating over each character 'c',
15315: This Python script checks the input parameter "capacity factor" and raises an error message when it isn’t boolean value or False; otherwise prints out
15316: This Python script checks whether the given value of 'r' falls within an acceptable height calculation. If it does, then calculates and returns one part
15317: This function checks the type of an object and performs different actions based on its types or subclasses in PyTorch library using Python programming language –
15318: This Python script creates an equivalent copy of the given relation and then sorts it based on its second element if they are unique or appends new elements to
15319: This Python script converts the given time in milliseconds into its equivalent format of HH : MM.SS where each value is padded
15320: This line of the program converts time in second to human friendly format. It first rounds off any fractional part and then breaks down into hour/
15321: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximate value. The function takes two parameters x, y which are supposed to be integers or
15322: This Python script splits the string "agilent line" into individual elements, excluding first two and then converts them to float type list
15323: A dictionary to store information about various things.  It can be used as an example of how dictionaries work in Python programming language, where keys are
15324: This function removes empty dictionary entries from the given object, returning it as output and removing any other references to that original data structure within your program's
15325: This function checks if two arguments are equal. If they're not the same it returns false and otherwise true with an extra argument 'args'.
15326: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with control points from the ctrlpoints array by adding each element of 'controlPoints' to
15327: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the domain name of that webpage if it contains '?' in its query string, else just return
15328: This Python script converts the decimal number to hours, minutes and seconds format using only integer division operation without any floating point arithmetic operations or rounding
15329: This Python function converts an integer into its equivalent IP address format by dividing it in parts and concatenating them with dots as separators between each
15330: If the RSSI is greater than or equal to (-50), return '1', else, calculate and multiply by two with an additional
15331: This function calculates the dot product of two sentences' vectors. The input is both sentence names and voting dictionaries, which are used to represent each
15332: Creates list of ids from the "data['services']".  This is done by iterating over each item within 'Services' and append
15333: This function rounds the given 'rounded' value to its nearest integer. If it is greater than original, subtracts one from result; otherwise
15334: This function checks the type of comparison between two strings, then performs an action based on that condition or returns default value depending upon conditions met in different cases
15335: This function checks if the input value is valid eye color. It returns True or False based on whether it's an element of 'ecl_
15336: This function checks whether the string 'turb' is present within another variable named ```python list_of__strings```. If it does,
15337: This line of the given C++ function calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is as follows, first subtracts 'constant' from
15338: This Python script is splitting the URI string into two parts if it's only one part, else return second half of split result as output."
15339: Throw an error if the input is not in correct format. If it's even, then continue with processing...
15340: If the length of 'number' is not 7, return false. Otherwise calculate and set check sum to be equal number modulo  10
15341: This Python script checks whether the input 'band' value matches any of four specific values ("g","r," , “ i” or "" z
15342: Throw an error when the input parameters are invalid.  The inputs should both have to values of type Int30 or Uint8, which
15343: This function returns the string "\\xf0", repeated twice as many times. The number 9 is used to represent ASCII value of character '
15344: This Python function raises an error when the provided 'index' is not within valid ranges. The value to be shifted left by one bit, which corresponds
15345: This function checks if the value is less than zero and its absolute difference from 1/tolerance level. If both conditions are met,
15346: If the number is “zero”, return true; otherwise check whether it's NaN and then calculate its reciprocal using Python’
15347: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15348: This Python script checks if there's any 'True'/boolean value present within the given 3D array. If so it returns true else false
15349: This Python script attempts to get the 'Token' from an object called "retrieveResult". If it fails, then prints out that no Token
15350: This function returns the severity level of an input number. It has 6 cases, with each case returning one value in Python's string format
15351: This function returns the appropriate orthologies based on input. It checks whether 'notation' is equal to one of three specific strings and then it will return
15352: This line of the Python script returns an id as string and appends '.jpg' to it.  It is used in naming files that are
15353: If the 'result' dictionary contains an entry with key of `“entity”`, then return that entity’s value; otherwise if it exists
15354: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on that; it also handles some special cases like checking whether an integer or fractional
15355: If the list 'shapes' is empty it returns "None". Else return first element of shapes. Otherwise find maximum magnitude and its corresponding points
15356: This Python function takes an input list of tuples, and returns the same tuple if it is within 3 units from its previous element; otherwise
15357: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as sqrt
15358: If the value of '+' is less than or equal to ‘max’, return it. Else do nothing and just keep returning original
15359: Generates random lowercase alphabets of length 5 within N times and returns as string, e..g., "b3j4
15360: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'details' list of dictionaries, using "cores" as keys
15361: This function checks if the given URL starts with "http://", and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is http, https或 neither of
15362: This function checks whether the string contains an 'http' or any other protocol. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no
15363: This Python script filters out the 'Unrelevant' labels from an inputted dataset and calculates two scores based on their stances in relation to
15364: This Python function raises an error if the input is not of type 'string'. It then removes all spaces from its argument and checks whether it reads same
15365: This Python function calculates the time and weight of two recordings in an audio processing pipeline using some parameters such as 'cycle length', which determines how
15366: This line of the program creates an empty list called "seen" to keep track and record all unique elements.  It then starts looping over each
15367: This script finds the minimum and maximum x values from two lists of tuples. The first list is used to find out if there are any points
15368: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in Python script, but
15369: This function checks the type of 'shape' and raises an error message in case it isn’s neither tuples nor lists. If its indeed
15370: This line of the given Python script converts all lowercase characters in 'ins' to upper case using builtin function "UPPER".  It
15371: This Python script loops through the 'filters' list and checks each filter. If any of them is empty, it skips to next iteration;
15372: This function takes an input list of dictionaries and separates the training plus data from mini validation set based on their ids which are present or not
15373: This Python function takes an input string and returns two values. The first value is the prefix of non digit characters from left to right; if there are
15374: This Python script is used to normalize the input time sequence by dividing each point of data with its corresponding length from configuration.  The resultant
15375: This function returns the string "package_" concatenated with "_hadooq".  It is used to generate haddocks.   The input
15376: This Python function returns the cube root of 'x' when x is positive, otherwise it negates and then cubes that result to return its
15377: This Python script generates an API URL by combining the given 'host', and each of its corresponding elements from list "endpoint". The result is then
15378: If the two stamps are identical, return false as they're not different enough to be considered "different". Otherwise split them into their first
15379: This Python function takes an input string and returns the coordinates of that character. The first two characters are used to determine its position on our grid; it
15380: This is an example of the McFadden's function, which calculates the value to be used in various calculations related with the growth rate
15381: This function calculates the maximum value of 'sol' that can be obtained by multiplying it with remaining elements. The number to return is determined based
15382: This Python script generates the number of unique NGram combinations from an input list, where each combination is defined as any sequence within that string with length
15383: This line of the function calculates two values based on input parameters. The first value is calculated as "(I – max)" and multiplied
15384: This line of the program checks whether both home team's goal difference is 1. If it does, then prints "Goal!" to console
15385: This function returns the day of week that will be on or after tomorrow. It uses Python's built in datetime module to calculate and then format it
15386: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array. Code is written using Python language and it calculates total number by iter
15387: This script creates an object from the 'keys' function of Python, which returns all available properties/attributes or methods on any given dictionary. The result
15388: Removes hyphen from string.  Code is used to remove the - character in strings that are not required by some systems or standards like ISO_
15389: This Python function calculates the LCS ratio, which is used to measure similarity between two strings. The formula given in your question involves division of lower
15390: This Python script checks if the directory or file name starts with specific patterns, and returns true when it finds one of them; otherwise false is returned in
15391: “Classify images using pre trained model and calculate its performance”"""(END CODE SUMMARY HERE)"  ```python`import tensor
15392: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning two elements from an array 'p' multiplied by corresponding values in another list/array named
15393: This Python script calculates the minimum and maximum values of two numbers 'b' & ‘c’. It then returns all integers from that smallest
15394: This script splits the `customFields` string into an array of fields and then checks each field against those defined as defaults. If it is found
15395: This function returns an object with the content type and x access token.  The values of these properties are hardcoded in place, but could be
15396: A function that returns the dictionary {“result” : {'Status Code': 'Success',’Content'：{'Primary Key Value'} }} with
15397: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over the list 'hlists' and appends each element to it as is; finally returns
15398: This function checks whether the input is within range. If it's not in that scope then we return either max or minimum of zero and current value
15399: This function pads the number n with spaces on its right to make it equal in size as per parameter "length".  It is used when we need
15400: This function cleans the data by removing any null values, duplicates and converting all text to lower case. It also removes stopwords from texts using N
15401: This function returns the URL id as part of its response. The input to it is not used in any operation, hence no parameters are required and only
15402: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The coordinates of both these ‘points’ are given as input parameters and it returns
15403: This function returns the index in four digit format.  It takes an integer as input and formats it to be displayed with leading zeros upto three
15404: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from ‘d’ to 'i' using an iterative approach. The result is stored and
15405: This Python script splits the input string of proteins separated by semicolons, and then filters out any entries that start with "sp\ |",
15406: This Python function calculates the inverse survival probability. It takes as input 'p' and returns its value inversely proportional to one minus itself when it
15407: If the score of 'mates' is less than 1, it will be represented as '-', otherwise positive. The sign and absolute value are added
15408: A function that returns the name and url in markdown format.  The input is ${variable} which can be any string, but it'
15409: This Python script is used to find the specific Task object with matching 'task id' from an inputted list of Tasks. If no such match
15410: This Python function returns the first or last n elements of an array based on whether it's in control mode. If 'group=="control"'
15411: This Python function finds the index of each consecutive increase or decrease from an input list 'list'. It uses two variables to keep track and compare with previous
15412: This script takes as input the base directory, then it checks if any of these keys are present within 'args' dictionary; If they exist with valid
15413: This function checks if the first character of an identifier name is underscore (_). If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or None
15414: If both 'base' is 1 or it equals zeroth, then raise an error as there are no numbers other than one in mathematics that
15415: This function returns true if the input is 'Yes', case insensitive. (Code ends here.)   [Solution] Code : `
15416: If the value of 'vhpos' variable isn’t defined, it returns .8; otherwise return default positioning factor which defaults to be
15417: This Python script splits an IP address and its corresponding Port number from the given string using ":" as separator returning them in two separate variables -
15418: This function checks if the MD5 hash of an object is correct. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or exception handling in
15419: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then splits the input string into parts based on ' | '. It checks each of these elements to determine what
15420: If the variable 'field_nam' is not defined, it returns False.  This checks to see whether or no there exists any value in that
15421: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the pattern "^.*(\b\D{4}\-\w*\s*).*" and extract an
15422: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, b and c. The difference between 'a' &amp; ‘c’ is then multi
15423: If the document does not have an XML namespace or meta tag then it returns False.  Otherwise -> True; otherwise checks whether there is any meta
15424: This Python script splits the input string into individual word(s). It then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting and returns only those nonempty
15425: If the list has only one element, append that single value to itself and return modified List – This is an example of circular shift in Python programming
15426: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic shift operation on integer 'index' places to right. The result will be returned as
15427: This Python function takes an element or elements and returns them as lists unless they are already of type 'list'. If the input isn't iterable
15428: This function takes two tuples as input and returns their average coordinates. The averages are calculated by taking the mean of each corresponding coordinate in both
15429: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an amount by multiplying total health points with provided percentages. The result is then divided to
15430: This function converts an integer to its Roman numerals equivalent. It takes the input number and then checks whether it is greater than or equal too one
15431: This Python script splits the given time string into hours, minutes and seconds using ":" as separator then converts them to floats before returning
15432: This line of the Python script is calculating an interpolated value between two given values. The function takes in three parameters, 'value', which represents how
15433: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space using Python's builtin `sqrt` and hypothetical square root of x
15434: Checks whether the given 'state' is an instance of type set. If it isn’t, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending
15435: This Python function calculates the number of times it needs to divide an inputted integer by two until its value is odd. The result will be returned
15436: This function returns the list of common TimeZone names available from PyTZ library, which is used to convert between different date and times zones using Python
15437: This function checks whether an element is in the list. If it's not found then returns false else true and continues to check rest of elements until
15438: This function calculates the product of three parameters. The first two are multiplied and then all results combined together to give an output result, which is
15439: This function calculates the index of an element on our gameboard. The indices are zero based, so we subtract one from each to make them
15440: This Python function calculates the value of an analog potentiometer based on its centigrade equivalent. If it's outside valid input ranges then
15441: Extracts the necessary data from YouTube' API response and stores it in dictionary format. (END SUMMARY).   Code snippet
15442: This function converts an RGB value to grayscale using the formula of converting color space from rgb(RGB). The values are multiplied
15443: If either list is empty, return false. Else check that all lists are equal length and raise an error otherwise process each item within 'match'
15444: This Python script checks the value of 'Protocol' and sets it to default port ‘HTTP’ or custom defined by user. If provided, else
15445: If the variable 'clicks' is greater than 1, return its value as string. Otherwise do nothing and simply end up returning None or an
15446: This line of the given Python script replaces 'height' and its corresponding value with only one '%'. It is used to remove unnecessary percentages in
15447: This Python function retrieves specific values from the given dictionary, and if they are not present it returns default strings or concatenates them with other string parts
15448: This function takes an integer input in seconds and returns the equivalent time as hours/minutes. The result is returned with three separate variables representing hour count
15449: If the 'method' variable is 1, return string value of visible. Otherwise it should be hidden and then returns its own result as well which
15450: This function normalizes the input value to be between  [min, max] range. If it's less than minimum or more then maximum values
15451: Check and report on the status of saving data.  If any part fails, it reports back with an error message in one line formatting as per
15452: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers and checks if either number is zero to avoid division by ero or negative values in pi list which can
15453: This function checks whether the input is negative or not. If it's less than zero, then return its absolute value; otherwise just returns false as
15454: This function checks if the value of 'qcval' exists, and whether it falls within one thirds range from either end. If all conditions
15455: This Python function is used to filter the list of objects based on their 'metrics' attribute and returns only those whose problems match either one specified by
15456: This function is an implementation of the "Triples Step" problem. It uses dynamic programming to solve it by storing previously computed results and reusing them
15457: If both numbers are zero, the function returns '0'. This is an edge case. It's important to handle it properly in any programming context
15458: This function checks if the input variable v belongs to type 'list'. If it does then returns True else False.  It's used in data
15459: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of strings "components". For each string it strips any leading or trailing whites
15460: This Python script reads data from multiple CSV files and stores it into memory as dictionaries with keys corresponding to the column names of each file's
15461: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' that are multiples or divisors. The formula used is derived by
15462: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case using ASCII values by adding 16 bits of space between the original and converted character
15463: Checks the validity of inputs. If any are invalid it raises an error with appropriate message and terminates execution to prevent further processing/execution in case
15464: This Python function calculates the integer value of an inputted ASCII representation. The length is calculated by finding out how many digits are there and
15465: This function checks if the first element of an array is unique. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true after checking all elements except
15466: This Python script splits the string into three parts and assigns them to variables, then converts third part as floating point number using `float()
15467: This Python script attempts to calculate the magnitude of each element within an array. If it encounters any elements that are not numbers, or if they do
15468: Checks the length of input strings. If it's less than one character long then raises an error with appropriate message.";   } else {
15469: This function takes an index as input and returns three values. The first two are calculated using integer division by the number 'divisor' of your choice
15470: This python script calculates the intersection area of two boxes. The coordinates and sizes are given as input parameters to function 'box_intersection'.
15471: This line of Python function returns the remainder when t is divided by 'best period' and then takes modulo with one. It essentially calculates how
15472: This is the formula used in the function to calculate the value of an investment. It'll be useful when we want our program can handle different types
15473: This function checks if the labels of two containers are different and returns true when they're indeed Different; otherwise it will return false indicating that their Label
15474: This Python function calculates and returns their sums. The numbers are rounded to two decimal places before being added together with f string formatting used in print
15475: This Python script splits the string 'x' into two parts based on comma and strip leading/trailing spaces from each part if they exist in
15476: This Python function tries to get the second part of an underscore separated string, if it fails then returns 'Model Params'.  If successful return
15477: This is an implementation of the formula to calculate sum from n numbers. The time complexity will be O(n). It's called "SumFrom
15478: This function calculates the ratio of one finger's lifetime to another. It is used in calculating how much time it takes from donating an instrument
15479: This line of the program converts all characters in 'Word' to lowercase and removes any leading or trailing white spaces using strip().  The
15480: Retrieves the 'Title' and optional updated date from YAML data using get method in Python 3 if not available it returns default value
15481: Checks the length of 'items' list and whether it contains only floats. If these conditions are met then return true else false or raise an
15482: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
15483: This line of the program creates an array named 'seq' with n elements. The first element is 0, and each subsequent one increases by two
15484: This line of Python script converts the "StAMNR"-value from an organization data dictionary into string. The result is then stored in variable '
15485: This line of the given Python script checks if an object "Delegate" exists in scope with attribute named keypad. If it does exist then returns
15486: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the first nonempty word from an input string, if it exists; otherwise returns "None". The
15487: This Python function generates an array of strings representing the four possible directions from which you can move to reach any given location in your game world, based on
15488: This line of the script retrieves GPS coordinates from two dictionaries, "meta1" and “Meta” respectively using their keys 'GPS
15489: This function takes in an input of type tuple and returns three strings. The first two are joined together with no spaces between them to form the ground truth
15490: This line of the program checks if 'code' is not equal to 0, or less than ten. If both conditions are true it returns True
15491: This is the formula used in some algorithms to calculate distance between two points on Earth's surface, using Vincenty’ s method which uses spherical law
15492: This function checks the type of relation between two entities. It returns one string based on whether they are part, kind or none otherwise depending upon their relations
15493: This Python function splits the input string into list of substrings when it encounters comma, otherwise returns an array with one element containing only that sub
15494: Counts the number of characters that are neither '*_/' and returns it.  This is used to determine if an input string contains any special
15495: This Python function reads data from the dictionary and adds it to another list. The readable information is stored in one of two formats, id or name
15496: This Python script filters out the non connection parameters from 'queue' dictionary and returns it as another dictonary with only those keys which are present inside
15497: This Python function checks if the value of 't' is less than, greater by more then half an integer compared to another variable called "x".
15498: This Python script reads from the file "packages" and appends each non-"	" package to an array, then returns that list of strings as output
15499: Replace all dots in the string with an escaped dot followed by Unicode character 9784, which is equivalent to replacing each period "
15500: This Python script splits the input string into individual labels. It then checks each of these against an array/list to see whether it exists or not
15501: This function is used to convert the object name from IDLC format into POAPackage and Object names in C++ namespace, which are required by
15502: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from each sublist of 'input' using their corresponding key. The final result
15503: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
15504: If the string "linkString", which represents an absolute or relative path, starts with './', it returns only its content after '.' and before '/
15505: This Python function converts milliseconds to hours and minutes. It first calculates the number of seconds in given time by using "div()" method
15506: This line of Python script is creating an array by taking the 3rd element from each list 'av' and converting it to lowercase. The
15507: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15508: Checks whether an expression has the form of symbol in Python's syntax tree structure – ie., it’ll be either variable name like
15509: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is '(tif * 10)' which equals to
15510: This function returns the value of 't' when it is greater than or equal to one, and zero otherwise. It uses Python syntax with an "
15511: This Python function converts an RGB value to HSV. The input is the integer representation of color in form R,G,B and returns
15512: This function splits the given string into an array of substrings based on separator, similar to Python's split() method in JavaScript or Java
15513: This line of the script is returning an HTTP URL that points to SkyServer, which provides data and analysis tools related with astronomical observations in SD
15514: This Python function finds the first occurrence of byte b in string 's' and returns it if found, else return all characters from start to that point
15515: This Python script splits the input string into three parts based on colons and assigns them to variables if they exist in that order; otherwise it
15516: Checks if the 'product' dictionary has both keys, returning True or False. If it does not have either key then returns None – one
15517: Replace all occurrences of "0x"" with "" in the input string.  This is done to remove any possible hexadecimal
15518: This Python function returns the 'parsed' and slot information from an input dictionary.  The output is in JSON format with two keys, times which
15519: This Python function calculates the probability of an event based on two input parameters, 'x' and y'. The result is then normalized to fall between
15520: Copies the dictionary 'deep copy' of another, merging dictionaries if keys are present with different types or values within them."  [1
15521: This Python function adds two numbers if they are both integers or floats. If not it returns 'None'.  Code takes in one parameter which should
15522: This line of the given Python script is appending 'res' list with each element in range from 0 to n, incremented by two and
15523: This function checks if the input string is empty. If it's, then return an blank output; otherwise proceed with further processing as per your requirement
15524: This Python function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on commas, returning each substring as its own element in resulting list
15525: This Python function resizes the vertices of an object by multiplying their coordinates with specified dimensions and returns updated list alongwith new face indices if any were
15526: This is an implementation of the binary representation conversion from Roman to decimal. It uses bitwise operations and ASCII values as input characters, which are then
15527: This function takes in the region as an input and returns it all Lowercased.  It's used to convert string data into uniform case,
15528: This Python script checks whether the string 'file' is present as an element of dictionary key named files. If it isn’t, then return empty
15529: This function finds the first occurrence of 's' in another string and returns that substring along with remaining part after finding it, if not found then
15530: Allows all users to create log groups.  Version is set as 'v' and the statement allows actions of Create Log Group on any resource,
15531: This function calculates the value of '(Y)' based on two given points and an offset. The equation is derived from linear interpolation in
15532: This function drops the nonzero elements from two lists X and Z respectively to create new ones without any zero values present after dropping them one by ont
15533: This function takes in the string "Name" and replaces all spaces with underscores or hyphens to make it valid as an identifier. It
15534: This function returns different numbers of atoms in each color based on the number given. If there are less than four elements it always return three at all times
15535: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given stories and appends each link to it using "for loop". The final result
15536: Removes leading newlines from the string.  It also removes any extra spaces before or after lines in case they exist within strings of text data type
15537: This function is used to get the parameters of an interface using 'ip' command. It takes two arguments - network name and additional parameter(s).
15538: If the fraction is exactly one, return it as such; otherwise check whether its negative or positive part in multiplication with another number has been involved beforehand
15539: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that - it drops any dictionary items with no values or lists containing only whites
15540: This function calculates the number of ways to reach from one end with 'n' steps and then return back. The base case is when there are
15541: A dictionary of file extensions and their corresponding mime types.  This is used to determine the type an HTML document can be identified as based on its
15542: This line of Python script replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser, thus preventing XSS
15543: This Python function returns the remainder of each number in an inputted array divided by 'n' or given as parameter. The result is then returned within
15544: This Python script takes an IP address as the host name and returns it with 'prod' prefix, followed by '-', then converted to uppercase letters
15545: This program will double the value of 'num' until it reaches 0. The result is returned by function as output which can be used in further
15546: This function calculates the total time spent on different activities. The input is an array of timestamps and each timestamp represents how long it took to
15547: This line of the given Python script is removing any leading or trailing whitespace from an OTP. If it's not exactly equal to ten
15548: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned short value. The operation is performed on uid, which has been shifted to right by seven
15549: This Python function takes two strings as input, 'str' and an extension string. It returns the substring of length equal to one less than its
15550: This Python function compares two lists of numbers and returns the number points each player has. If there is no comparison made between players it will return
15551: A recursive function that checks if the given parameters are equal and then calls itself with swapped arguments. If it doesn't find any match after
15552: This Python function takes in two arguments. The first argument can be either an integer or another list of integers; the second one should also have exactly
15553: This Python function checks the value of 'Subsamplin' and assign it to corresponding format. If not supported, raises an error message with specific
15554: This Python script parses the URL and extracts only its file name from it using urlparsing, then splitting by '/' to get all parts
15555: This Python function checks whether the input 'windowsize' is even or odd. If it’s an Even number then returns half of that as minimum
15556: This function returns the result of –(x/3). The operation is performed in two steps, firstly it multiplies by three and then
15557: This line of Python script returns all values from the list 'throughput' that are less than 5 million. The result is then printed to console
15558: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Function. It's used in backpropagation algorithm to train neural networks and is widely applied
15559: This Python function filters out items from the given 'min' index of each sublists and returns them as new lists, which are then returned by another
15560: If 'b' is zero, return the result as Zero. Else calculate and Return A divided by B in Python Code Snippet"
15561: This Python function returns 'plus' when the input parameter `direction` equals to true, and it will return '-', otherwise. If no condition matches
15562: Try to fetch the key from dictionary NHL with value of 'cityteamin lower()' and return it if found else returns an empty string in
15563: A dictionary is created with the pattern from 'centers' as key and other details like model cost(`motivation function value `), Me
15564: This function calculates the ratio of two dimensions in proportion to their maximum value. The input is given as 'shape' and it returns an output with
15565: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it has more than one "." and then returns the second part of that split result as output or
15566: If the current input is equal to an existing one, it replaces that with another. Otherwise returns original string as output without any changes made in terms
15567: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer, with '*' characters repeated based on whether it is positive or negative. If value isn’
15568: If the major version is 10^4+ and its corresponding 'minor' value equals to "undefined", it will output as such.
15569: This Python function takes an uncleaned string as its argument, removes newline and carriage return characters from it using the replace method of strings in python
15570: If the rectangles do not overlap, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns intersection area divided by total areas of both input rectangle pairs; otherwise it will
15571: This function calculates the number of samples to be taken at each step in an experiment. The formula is derived from some experimental data, and it'
15572: This function rounds the number to its nearest even integer. If it's already an Even Integer, then returns that value as is; otherwise adds one
15573: This lambda function is using the AWS LAMBDA service.  If it's not, then return its name as normal string operation;
15574: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15575: This Python function splits the input string by semicolumn and then joins it with space in between each element of list, finally returning joined result as one
15576: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then reassembles it with some modifications, returning only one part of each component as requested by
15577: This Python function copies the image and then flips it horizontally. The original pixel values are negated, effectively mirrored across its
15578: This function calculates the cost per unit of goods produced by an item. It takes into account its 'life', which is how long it will last
15579: This Python function checks whether the value of 'x' is greater than or equal to that specified by variable, and returns either "1" in case
15580: This line of the Python function returns all ASCII characters from input string "s". It uses builtin filter and str methods to achieve that goal in
15581: This line of the Python script checks if any HTTP response has an internal server error. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
15582: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an element in three dimensions using vector indices. The size is defined as one dimension being equal to 'data'
15583: This function checks the conditions to return 'zero' or not based on some parameters, and returns an integer value accordingly; otherwise it will always be returned
15584: This Python function parses the input string and returns tuples of three values from each match found by regex pattern ".*,[aA],[
15585: This Python function is used to find the position of 'if' in URL path and return two parts from it if found else returns original string as both
15586: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first 6 characters of that. If there is no such thing as 'str' in your environment
15587: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'str' and an integer. It returns the string with indentation based on its length or width depending
15588: This function returns the rounded value of x. It's used to ensure that all values are integers, which is necessary in many programming languages when dealing
15589: This Python script creates an inverse mapping of DNA sequences. It takes as input the sequence, and returns its reverse complements by swapping bases A with
15590: This Python script takes an input file name and returns the extension of that files if it has one, else return empty string – Splits on
15591: This line of Python script pauses the execution 1/4 second, then returns value 'x' squared using exponentiation operation on variable "
15592: This Python function calculates the value of an observation in terms 𝑥₀, given its observed values and some parameter ξ.
15593: This Python function calculates the factorial of n. It uses an iterative approach to calculate it by multiplying each number from 0 up until
15594: This function checks if the given path ends with ".h5",". hdff" and " .keraa"; in otherwords, it
15595: This Python function takes in date as input and returns the equivalent Date object from it or if that's not possible then just return original value of '
15596: This function calculates the Adjusted R^squared score, which is an adjusted version of standardized measure. It takes into account that there
15597: This function takes two numbers as input, adds them together and returns the result.  It's simple but effective in many programming scenarios where you need
15598: This script uses the EfficientNet model from TensorFlow Hub to classify images in two categories using transfer learning and fine tuning on ImageNET dataset
15599: This function concatenates two strings and returns the result.  The first string is appended to another with an equals sign ("+") in between,
15600: This line of the program is finding out which index 'suggester' has and then creating an array with all other indices. It returns that
15601: This line of the given Python script is fetching data from dictionary 'd' using key named as “name” and if it doesn’nt
15602: This function calculates the intersection area between two boxes. The coordinates of each pair are taken from their respective arrays, and then calculated to find out which
15603: If TRAVIS is defined, it will return the log file path with port number; otherwise returns default one without any formatting or special characters
15604: If the variable 'dict' does not exist, it will be created.  Otherwise do nothing and continue with next line of script/code block only
15605: This Python script uses list comprehension to create an array of panels that are not zero. It then calculates the power by multiplying all these values
15606: This script checks the syntax of each model. If any models are not dictionaries it prints an error message and sets 'Exit Code' to 1
15607: This Python function takes as input an integer list, and returns another one. The first line of the output is double each value from its corresponding position on
15608: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two 1D arrays of length three using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as
15609: If the variable is found within either dictionary or module's variables, return its value; otherwise returns 'None'.  This function checks whether an object
15610: This script is changing the value of an attribute from 'attr' to write.  It iterates over all elements within `argList` and repl
15611: This function multiplies the input by one millionth of an order in magnitude, which is equivalent to multiplying it with .93 times its value
15612: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15613: This line of Python script subtracts the value in 'y' from variable "X" and then raises that result to power four. The final
15614: If the input number 'x' is zero, return original list. Else check whether it’is less than ‘zero', in which case
15615: This Python function calculates the relative position of two objects in space. The first object is at location '(a)' and second one's located
15616: This function calculates the value of “y” based on whether "X" is less than zero, or greater/equal to zeroth
15617: This Python script splits the input string into list of strings, strips leading and trailing whitespaces from each element within that array/string sequence using
15618: This function checks the conditions of three variables, 'm', ',','wd' ,and,'&lt;= &gt ;'. If all are
15619: This line of the Python script checks whether there is either an "/" or "." character(s), and returns VPN tunnel name. If both conditions
15620: This line of the given C++ program is updating 'credit' with value calculated by adding current credit and product result. The variable "a"
15621: This Python function checks the value of 'divisor' and returns an appropriate string. If divisior is not positive it will return No data as
15622: This function returns the integer value of different states. The return values are as follows - 'state' is equal to S, it will be returned by
15623: If the number is less than 3 bytes in size then it returns that value rounded to one decimal place and suffixed with 'Bytes'. Otherwise nothing
15624: This function checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to class "list". If it does then returns that same as an output. Otherwise return original
15625: This Python function calculates the determinant of 9x9 matrix. The formula used is based on Cayley–Menger row/column
15626: This function takes three values and assigns them to the variables 'left', ‘centre’,'right'. It then checks if an input value
15627: Checks if the line of text includes 'pattern' in it. If so returns true else false  Code Type : Function/Method   Language Used
15628: This function takes two arguments. If the type of 'First' argument as string then it checks whether that value contains word “Regressions”
15629: This Python function checks if the variable 'is_new_group' has been set to True. If it hasn’t yet and its value isn
15630: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the values of 'z' as calculated by subtracting two other variables. The result is then returned in tuple
15631: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty dictionary and assigning it to 'item'. The keys are being extracted from each list in turn
15632: This script is designed to find the first matching entry from an array of dictionaries. If no match found, it raises domain error or returns empty dictionary
15633: This Python script attempts to import the 'pandar' module, which is not available in your current environment and returns an empty Dataframe if it
15634: This Python script uses regular expressions to remove non ASCII characters from the given string and returns it back as output or an error message in case of invalid
15635: This function sorts the timstamp list by second element in each tuple.  It uses Python's builtin 'sort()'.   The l
15636: This line of the script calculates and returns how many days have passed between two dates in Python using datetime module's total seconds function, then div
15637: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
15638: This Python function is used to create an empty dictionary called 'moles' and then populate it with data from the inputted parameter. If there
15639: This function takes two parameters, Field and x. It returns the string representation of field name with its value added to an error range specified by err_
15640: This function generates an array of variable declarations in C. The variables are declared with the type, name and initial value as parameters to be passed into
15641: This Python function takes an integer representing the number of total minutes as input, and returns it in HH::MMM format. It does so by
15642: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' is present within an allowed set or it returns zeroes otherwise, based on its value and position of
15643: This function counts the number of dots in 'module\_path' and returns True if it is more than 2, False otherwise - Code: return
15644: Converts the first character of string to uppercase and makes all other characters lower case.  It then returns new modified version as output from function
15645: This Python function checks if the status of 'metric' is equal to target, then it also verifies that there are no measurements in its list or
15646: If the input 'V' type inherits from Tuple or List then return first element of that and create an additional key with value as
15647: This Python function replaces multiple spaces with single space, removes newline characters and converts the entire input to lowercase while keeping only alphanumer
15648: Code URL_: {url}"]  # [PR Number]: https:/... PR Title:] "{title[:10]}..." if len(
15649: This function calculates the value of an input 'Value' based on its range. If it is at or below minimal limit then return full score else
15650: If the repository has no dependencies return an empty line. Else print out each dependency on its own newline followed by two blank lines as separator
15651: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns the cross product of two vectors in 4D space. The inputs are assumed to be tup
15652: This Python function calculates the square root and floor of n using built in functions from 'Math' module which is then returned as output – i
15653: This function calculates the sum of squared differences between two vectors x and y, with some constant term. The result is then subtracted from zero
15654: This Python script calculates the maximum value in an array of lists. The input is given as 'list_of__lists' and it returns one
15655: This Python function takes in the bounding box coordinates of an image and returns its top left corner's x coordinate as well – y coord.
15656: This Python script reads lines from the input file, and concatenates them into one string. The final output is stored as "code".  It'
15657: This Python function returns the same result as its input. It's an example of list comprehension and conditional logic combined to create new lists based on
15658: This line of the given Python script checks if an object 'x' contains attribute named "_cntk_placement". If it does then returns True
15659: This Python function generates an ASCII art representation of the numbers 0 to 'N' by joining each number with its preceding and following spaces. The
15660: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
15661: This function calculates the distance between two points on Earth's surface using Haversine formula and returns it in kilometers as per given parameters
15662: If the given term is neither terminal nor part of production rules, return none; otherwise remove it from grammar and check its productions against other terms present
15663: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the last digit of that number along with all digits in reverse order from other end to first position
15664: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each 'sequence' within the input data and adds every element of that specific index to our
15665: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns halfway value between two velocities. The result is stored in variable 'v_roll'.
15666: This function calculates the intersection and union of two bounding boxes. The result is returned as an array [left, right, bottom, up].
15667: This Python function normalizes an input list by dividing each element with its corresponding value from another given array. The two inputs are assumed to have equal
15668: A tuple containing the coordinates of an object and its size. The first element is always zero because it's not part or reference to any other objects
15669: This function checks the existence of 'persons' and '/', then modifies either person or note ids to include domain. If neither is found
15670: This function adds three numbers together.  It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do any error checking or type conversion to ensure the input
15671: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
15672: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
15673: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an integer is evenly divisible by 3. The number to be checked can either come from
15674: This function checks if the difference between two numbers is greater that an absolute value of their respective thresholds. If not it returns True else False indicating
15675: Creates dictionary with keys and values from the given 'report' object. The key is "url", value corresponds to each url in urlist,
15676: This line of Python function returns the rounded value in milliseconds. The input seconds is multiplied by ten thousand and then it'll be returned
15677: If the name of 'jobs' is not localhost, it will return an array with task urls. Else returns one url only when there
15678: This script is designed to run on multiple GPUs if available, otherwise it will use one. The number of batches processed per iteration can be adjusted
15679: This line of the Python script copies an object 'OutPoint' to another variable named "Copy_of Out Point". The purpose is just copying it
15680: This JSON object represents the actions and their corresponding text descriptions. The keys are hexadecimal values that represent different action IDs in an application or
15681: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two strings. The result is obtained by adding together all characters in both input string, then
15682: This Python function takes an array of numbers as input and returns another list where each element is the maximum value from its corresponding position. It initializes with
15683: If the input 'number' isn’t of type "int", it raises and warns about its non-"integer" nature. – Code
15684: This python script is used to replace the values of variables 'acceleration level' , ‘selection method mom’, &amp;#
15685: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of 'target' from 0 to len('source') - it checks if
15686: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the first line of input 'text'. The regex pattern "r'(\S+)' matches any nonspace
15687: This Python script reverses the order of elements in each sublists and also transposes it. The result is printed out as output on console using print
15688: This Python function calculates the total number of elements present within contingent table.  It does so by iterating over each row and column, adding
15689: This line of the function checks if all label IDs in message are either 'chat' or sent image. If so, it returns True; otherwise
15690: This function takes as input the list of Results objects and returns four lists - one each containing waiting times from these resultant data points; service time values
15691: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of shifting its bits to create two's complement representation. The number is converted into binary,
15692: If the binary number is zero, return one; otherwise calculate and returns its log base two of which it's calculated from by using Python’in
15693: This Python function swaps two numbers in place. It uses the '+' operator to add and assigns it back into n variables while keeping their
15694: Copies dictionary 'b' and adds its values to the new one named "a". If an item already exists it appends these items into that
15695: This function generates the path to coverage file in Google Storage bucket based on input parameters like 'version', and returns it as string type  .e..
15696: This program swaps the values of two variables until one variable is 1. It does so by continuously checking whether 'P' value less than or
15697: This Python script checks whether the URL ends with '.json', is part of specific domain names ('ChronicleAmeriCA'), or contains subdomain
15698: Creates an argument dictionary from the 'arguments' variable. Removes "type" key and returns remaining keys as parameters to another function call with these
15699: This Python script takes an argument string of the form "option_one = 30", and converts it into dictionary format with option names as keys
15700: This Python function checks if the input character is either an uppercase vowell or consonant, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition
15701: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
15702: This function takes two lists of coordinates and returns the summation or addition result.  The first list is used to add with another one, but it
15703: This script is used to extract the 'Rows' from an object stored under context -> dispatchers – > store with specific name SCRE
15704: This Python function checks whether the given character is either an 'ae' or vowel. It returns true when it finds any of these two, and
15705: Check if two strings are anagrams. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print False and stop execution of program/
15706: This Python function returns zero, one or two depending on the comparison of 'a' and/or "b". If they are equal it will return
15707: This Python function calculates the square of an integer and its sign. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find prime factors which are then used
15708: If the string is empty, it returns that. (END OF SUMMARY.)   Code snippet provided in question was not clear enough
15709: This Python script checks if the first line of an input string is ending with '..'. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true or None
15710: Code: If the program does nothing, it will return 'blocks' and/or no systematic approach. – [Your Name] -[Date
15711: This line of the given Python script removes all non ASCII characters from input text, excluding Unicode's "Control" character which is represented
15712: This program implements the classic game of 'Guessing Game'. It takes an input from user, compares that with some number. If they match
15713: This function returns an array of commands to change the value in one specific attribute within each object. The command is named 'Edit State Property' and takes
15714: This Python script calculates the velocity and position of each object. It uses an enumeration to iteratively go through all objects within "point". For
15715: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
15716: This function checks whether an object belongs to the given set of items. If it does not belong and returns false; otherwise return true or 1 depending
15717: This function creates the path to save jobs in an application's directory based on its configuration and checks if it exists, otherwise create one using Python’
15718: This function calculates the derivative of an elementwise operation. The input is cached to avoid redundant computations, and it returns 0 if its
15719: If the directory ends with '/', remove it from its end and assign to 'repo_dir'.  This is done by slicing off one character
15720: This Python function filters entities based on their third attribute. It returns the count of filtered entries and how many are common to both lists; it also counts
15721: This Python function creates an empty dictionary called 'Profile' which will be used to store the results of field extraction. It takes two arguments - destination names
15722: This script splits the version number into its constituent segments and then removes any segment that ends with ‘.’ followed by an even digit ('
15723: This Python script checks whether the input string contains any of several possible line endings ("LF", Linux, MacOS and Windows). If it does
15724: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'type' function returns list or dictionary. If it does then return zero else one; otherwise an error
15725: This line of the Python function calculates absolute value and checks if it is less than or equal to an approximate tolerance plus some small number, which represents
15726: This Python function calculates the four different outputs of an input variable 'y' and assigns them to variables with corresponding names. The inputs are multi
15727: Creates an empty list in the dictionary "extras", and appending to it with one object. The http_status is set as 'st
15728: This Python script converts all non numeric values to integers or floats, then stores the result into another dictionary named 'header'. The function continues
15729: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
15730: This line of the Python script sets up ZFP mode and its corresponding parameters. The variable 'zfp_mode' is set to be in binary
15731: This line of Python script generates and returns the centriods from each region object, which are tuples containing x & y coordinates respectively as
15732: Create an empty dictionary. Result is the name of our new data structure, and it will hold key/value pairs where keys are names from 1
15733: If the input SHA is either None, an error will be raised. Otherwise it returns only 6 characters of that string representation which are part from
15734: This function checks if the status of an object is active or not, returning True when it's 'Active', and false otherwise in case there are
15735: If there is only one mask available then return that. Otherwise calculate the intersection of all other possible combinations and store them as resultant array 'X'.
15736: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case. It does so by iterating over the input text and checking if each character is an
15737: This line of the Python script converts degrees to radiants by multiplying it with pi divided and multiplied again, which is equivalent in mathematics but
15738: This Python function takes an input file name and returns the same but with its extension changed to "sub".  It does so by splitting on '.',
15739: This Python function uses the 'for' loop to iterates over each item of `fields`, and if it matches any condition from its own dictionary
15740: This function checks if the HTTP response's 'Status Code'. It returns True when it starts with "2" and False otherwise, indicating that an
15741: This function modifies the input Suduko by appending ‘x’ to all single elements, as per their value and returns it back with
15742: If the input string is "x days", it returns that many 'days' before now, if not – just returning original message as was given
15743: This Python function tries to convert the input into boolean values. If it can be converted then returns that value else raises an error with appropriate message if not
15744: This function calculates the exponential of an expression, which is essentially calculating e^x where x = ∫[from Tk to t] [
15745: This Python script generates all the prime numbers up to 'n' by using an efficient method of finding primes, which is based on trial division and
15746: This Python script creates an exact copy of the 'emplyees' list and sorts it in descending order based on their job salary using lambda
15747: This Python function takes as input parameters and returns the corresponding values from an output dictionary based on those inputs using 'stack outputs'. If no such value exists
15748: Creates and returns an object with the properties 'itemType' &amp;#x3D;&gt;"<code>payload['type
15749: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns half value from two diagonals. The values are passed as parameters to it, which is
15750: This function will take an input string and check if it contains the character "a" or not. If yes, then print out that there is
15751: This Python function raises an error when the input is less than zero. It then calculates and returns square root, which represents areas in geometry or other
15752: This Python function returns the number of hours and minutes from seconds. It does so by first dividing total_seconds into three parts - hourly part
15753: This Python function converts all lowercase letters to upper case and vice versa, leaving other characters as they are if not alphabetic;
15754: This Python function creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the elements of 'A' if they are present only once within array "B
15755: This Python script splits the input string by '/' and returns either last element or second to Last if it is empty, else return only one of
15756: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15757: This Python function checks the value of 'x' to determine its category. It returns one string that describes it, e..g., “The
15758: This Python script checks if the input string is considered as containing any of given 'profanity' terms. If it does, returns false; otherwise
15759: This program simulates the movement of an object along four directions. The initial position is at origin and each step increases or decreases by one unit depending on
15760: This function returns the id and timestamps of an interval. The intervals are represented in microseconds since epoch time when they were created or last updated
15761: This line of the given Python script returns 'frame' and its value is equal to fps. It means that we are using 30 frames
15762: This line of the Python script calculates and returns four values, which are rounded to nearest whole number. The first two numbers represent top left coordinates in
15763: This function calculates the sky background level in an image. The input is 'fsky' which represents fraction of total flux, and sigma e
15764: This Python function takes an input string `ostr`, checks if it's equal to the character sequence greater than (*), or starts with more
15765: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. It takes in 3 parameters - p and/or 'n' which are used to calculate an answer
15766: This Python function checks the value of 'strategy' and returns different values based on its content. It uses an elif statement to check multiple conditions,
15767: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from cross product method to calculate areas in 0(
15768: This line of the given Python script splits 'par' string into two parts at each occurrence ‘==’ and returns them as list in python
15769: This script is designed to check if the first two characters of each repository string are not empty, then return that repo name when it meets certain conditions;
15770: This function returns the parameter's details.  Parameter is named and its data/type are provided as input parameters in one line string formatting
15771: Code snippet to handle different data types. If the input is 'dataype' as invested and value, it will create two dictionaries
15772: This Python function takes an input value, checks whether it's less than half of its own absolute values and then either doubles the original number or
15773: This script checks if the string 's' contains any of three error or warning prefix codes and returns true only when it does so; otherwise false is
15774: This function checks if the given integer is power of 4. A positive Integer n that can be expressed as Power(i,3), where i
15775: This function takes two optional parameters - 'VoXelSize' which defines the size of each cell in 3D space. If these are
15776: This line of the Python script is checking whether or there's any whitespace in front/behind an input string, and then adding it to
15777: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15778: This Python function checks if the given hypotheses are equal to an inputted examples. If they're not of same length or contain different characters at
15779: This Python function takes an input list of strings, splits each string into individual terms and removes the specified 'term' from these Terms before returning them
15780: This Python function splits the given string by '.', and if it's less than 2, returns an empty String; otherwise return all but
15781: This function returns the minimum of limit and maximum value between -limits &lt;=val&gt;&#x3D;-limt.
15782: This Python script is used to get the last successful run of each task from 'job' dictionary and return it if available or else returns none  Code
15783: This Python script calculates the energy of different types and sizes objects in an array. The function takes as input two lists 't' &amp;
15784: This Python script replaces certain characters with nothing, effectively removing them from the string variable ```'```'. The variables are replaced by character and their
15785: Returns an object with status as 'OK' in JSON format.  This is the simplest form of response to any request, indicating that everything has worked
15786: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15787: This SQL query selects all views in the 'Public Schema'. (Note that it is not possible to run these queries on your local
15788: This line of the given Python script joins all elements within list "m" into one string. The result is stored back to variable `a` and
15789: This function calculates the total of all elements processed by f. It uses list comprehension to process each element and then sums them up using Python'
15790: This function calculates the z score, which is used in many statistical tests. The formula given here returns x minus its average and then divided by standard
15791: This function returns the value of 'val' depending on its position. If it is either one or two then return "two", else check other values
15792: This Python function is used to calculate the value of an expression based on certain conditions. The condition 'if' statement checks whether ```python`(
15793: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by their second element and then checks if any adjacent pairs have overlapping time ranges, deleting them from
15794: If the variable 'file' is an empty string, return false. Otherwise continue with your function logic as normal...  [Continue from here]
15795: This function checks whether the given ticket ID is either number two or three. If it's not one of these numbers then return false otherwise true;
15796: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15797: This Python function takes an input string and returns two values. The first value is the number part of that subtring which was found to be "XX
15798: This script reshapes the input list of lists into an array with four rows and each row containing exactly one element from every sublist within "data
15799: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If it's zero, returns one; otherwise recursively calls itself with decremented
15800: This Python function takes in the first two lines of an input file and splits them into separate lists using space as separator; then it converts
15801: Code takes in three parameters and returns them as output of the function along with any other keyword arguments that were not used by it but are still present after
15802: This function checks if the input 'w' has exactly two elements. The first element must be equal to string value of “weight”; otherwise
15803: This Python function opens the file with name 'filename' and writes text to it using an existing opened connection or creates one in case of non existent
15804: If the length of list 'la' is 1 or less return List B else Return concatenation between two lists. Else it returns an expression
15805: This Python function checks whether an input `None` or 'False' value exists, then it splits the string into list elements by comma using strip
15806: If the attribute `has_attribute` does exist on an object named Builder then return True else false; otherwise check whether it is of type HTML format
15807: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15808: If the count of elements is equal, return average size else calculate and add to it based on difference in counts between minimum/ maximum values found so far
15809: This Python function maps symbols to their counts based on the input list of 'Symbol' objects using dictionary mapping technique with builtin functions like `set`
15810: This Python function takes as input an array of datasets, and returns the number samples from each one. If any data set is empty it raises value error
15811: This Python script generates the list of transformation matrices that can be used to transform an integer 'n' into its prime factorization and then returns these as
15812: If 'a' is equal to 1, then the function returns value of variable "b". Otherwise it does nothing. This condition checks whether or
15813: This Python function checks whether the given dictionary has an entry with that particular 'Key'. If it does, then returns its value. Otherwise return "None
15814: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the input 'flat' dict with its keys as strings separated by some separators using list
15815: This function checks if the string ends with three characters followed by two digits, then it also has at least five alphabetic letters in its
15816: Copies dictionary 'y' into another one named "Z" using the same keys from both dictionaries but with different values if they exist or are
15817: This Python function converts all the underscores (_ ) to either uppercase or lower case. It also handles two special cases where it only changes
15818: This Python function checks the length of an input list 'Y'. If it's 0 or more than one element long then returns that single value
15819: This Python function joins the elements of an iterable with '-' as separator. The number is formatted to be 6 digits long using "
15820: This function calculates the position of an object based on its speed and time. It returns three values; first is distance to move in x direction(
15821: This function checks the input 'Value' and, depending on its sign or magnitude changes it to either ‘+’(positive), '-', negative
15822: This Python script sorts the given lists of 'Donor' and ‘Accepted’ names by length using their alphabetical order as well to
15823: This line of Python script calculates the difference between two dates in milliseconds. The first date is given as datetime(year, month), and
15824: If the primary profession is either 'Actor', return True, else if there's no such profesion then it returns false; otherwise check
15825: This Python script converts the values of each key/value pair from an inputted 'dictionary' to string type if they are either strings or
15826: This function calculates the distance to which an image is centered based on its width and parameters of previous frames' lanes, using equations derived from camera
15827: This Python function calculates the Julien Centuries using an approximation of Earth's rotation speed and returns it as output in degrees per century from January
15828: If the input 'date' variable does not exist or it has no value then return '-'. Otherwise format and display time in YYYY/MM
15829: This Python script sorts the characters of two input strings and compares them. It then returns how many common elements there are between these lists, which is
15830: This script checks if the required configuration keys are present. If not it throws an error message and stops execution of further operations – MongoDB setup
15831: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and returns it as either another Tuple or List. If not one these types then return an error
15832: This function calculates the maximum and minimum x coordinates of two bounding boxes. It then returns these as four values in order to represent their union with
15833: This line of the program converts an integer value to string.  The result is stored in variable 'v'.  ```python Code ends here `
15834: This python function calculates the minimum distance between two points. The input is an array of tuples, where each tuple represents one point and contains
15835: This function checks whether the input is one of several predefined options. If it's among them, returns 'Yes', otherwise - return
15836: This line of the Python script returns only file extension from given string 'file_name'.  It uses rindex() function to find last occurrence and
15837: This Python script prints the start and stop messages. It then iterates over an array of numbers 'maray' with length equal to that number itself
15838: This function searches the given list 'a' to find an element that matches with another one, if found it returns its position. If not return -
15839: "A one line description of what your package does."  # Replace with actual content in English or other languages if needed, e..g.,
15840: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15841: This Python function checks if the length of 'broading' is 1 and returns its first element. If not, it raises an AssertionError
15842: This function checks the presence of certain keywords and returns corresponding models. If no match is found, it raises an error with unknown keyword message – Code
15843: This line of Python script returns the filtered version/list from an input string. It filters out any empty strings or periods, leaving only non-"."
15844: This function checks whether the given type is an environment or file. If it's either, then returns true; otherwise false/return None –
15845: This function checks whether the second output of an object 'n' has any value, returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it will
15846: This Python script calculates the sum of all products between each pair `(value_i , power i )` from dictionary 'dist' and returns
15847: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
15848: If no certifications exist in the system. Return {“SystemCertificate” : false}. Else return all existing certification details with status as true
15849: If the length of string 'str' is less than or equal to 4, return it as given. Else append three dots at start and
15850: This function returns the length of an input base. 	Inputs -> Base string or list, Output = Length/Number Of Elements
15851: This Python script checks the channel ID of each video in an array and returns corresponding service name. If no match is found, it will return title from
15852: If an argument name is provided, it assigns the given 'value' to that key of dictionary. Else adds new entry with specified `key
15853: This Python function appends an underscore and the lowercase version of c to each character in list, then joins all elements together into one string with
15854: This function checks if the given string starts with "urn:nasa:pd:" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, indicating whether
15855: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and returns it as string. If value has an integer or float then convert them to strings else return
15856: This Python script splits the input by semicolon and then creates dictionaries from parameters separated with ";" using dictionary comprehension method of python programming
15857: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' in equation "(x^n + y)(u*v)" where n, u and
15858: This line of the function checks if 'val' is within given value ranges. If it isn’t, then returns False; otherwise True –
15859: This function calculates the return value based on different conditions. If 'level' is less than zero, it returns an arbitrary number of points; however
15860: This line of the program assigns values from two points to variables.  The first variable is assigned with 'point_one' and its value corresponds
15861: This function takes an input FASTA file and returns the command to use samtool's 'fai index'.  The output is then printed
15862: This line of the given Python script is returning data from an indexed dictionary "dfs_datum". The key associated with that value in '
15863: A dictionary comprehension that converts the list of dictionaries into one line.  It's doing exactly what it is supposed to do, but
15864: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 'X' to console.  It is very simple and does not do anything more than printing
15865: This function checks whether the string starts with "..", "/home/" and "./. The strings that start from these three are considered as valid paths in
15866: This function splits the input string into tokens using slash ('/'), and then returns only if more than 3 parts are found, else it
15867: If the function does nothing, return false. Else check whether 'metadata' exists and its value contains key named as callcacing; else also
15868: This Python script creates an empty "set" and then iterates over the input list of timeseries with each element being checked against all subsequent elements up
15869: This function returns the URL to get status of data view.  The ID is used as part parameter in url and returned by method "get".
15870: This Python script converts all the elements of 'None' to an empty string and then joins them together with spaces.  It does not return anything
15871: This Python script sorts the keys of dictionary d and appends their corresponding values to list 'f'. The result is that we have created an ordered sequence
15872: This Python function implements an interpolation method to find the value in 'arr' that is closest and equal or larger than given number. The values are
15873: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into individual characters, and then joins them back together with "\u2581"
15874: If the input is less than or equal to zero, return that as output.  Otherwise do nothing and keep returning original values unchanged in Python programming language
15875: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The number is incremented by 1, and then converted into
15876: This Python function matches an input string to the regular expression "r'\\x01 s\xe9//(\\[aA][zZ
15877: This function returns the difference between two models' quantities and their respective gradients. The first value is 'delta', which represents how much each model has
15878: This function calculates the new value of 'log' based on previous and next values. The calculation is done using backward kernel method with time tm
15879: Parses the third element of msg string separated by ':' and converts it to Int.  If not possible or invalid input returns NaN
15880: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using mathematical functions and returns it as output, which is approximately equal to 'e' raised with n
15881: This python function calculates three averages based on the given parameters and returns them as outputs in order of their corresponding parameter names ('avgA',
15882: This Python script splits the string on underscores and then joins them together, excluding leading _ in each part of resulting list using join()
15883: Defines function 'return one' that takes an input number and returns the same. 1st line of program is just returning what it gets as
15884: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. It uses looping to calculate and returns its result.  The variable "
15885: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and then capitalizes each word of that sentence separated by underscores, returning it as one
15886: This Python script reads an input string of space separated integers and returns the number or "Steps" it takes to transform from one value in array into
15887: Generates zeros before the number if it's less than five digits. Code is used to ensure that numbers are always at least four characters
15888: This function checks the type of an object and returns it as its value. If not one above then converts to string representation using str() method in
15889: This Python script generates an HTML page with links that direct users towards the translator pages of different English language terms using their respective names as file name suffix
15890: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
15891: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the provided 'GID's'. For each GUID it splits by underscore
15892: This function checks if the firmware version is greater than given "maj" parameter. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False
15893: This Python function calculates the sum of an arithmetic series. It takes two parameters, 'N' and "d", which represent number_of
15894: This Python function checks whether the input `eval` object in form as tuples with three components. If it's valid then returns string representation
15895: This Python script converts an integer to its binary representation. It does so by repeatedly shifting the number and taking bitwise AND with one, then append
15896: Checks if the set is equal to its superposition. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False – Python Code Snip
15897: This Python function prints the number passed as an argument. The return value is 'None'. – [Your Name] on date of submission, in
15898: This function checks if the given string is one of four possible alignment keywords. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true – based
15899: This Python function splits the input string 'tap' into two parts based on '-'. If second part is equal to all, it returns original
15900: This line of the program converts an object's length from light hours to kilometers.  The result is stored in variable 'LH
15901: This line of the program returns 0 if no arguments are passed to it. The function is not doing anything else, so its return value will always
15902: This function checks if 'x' or/and 'y', both of which are elements present within the two lists, do NOT exist. If they
15903: This function removes the '><' from string and returns cleaned version of it in Python language using builtin replace() method with two parameters as input to
15904: This line of the script splits an input string into two parts based on 'var' and assigns them to variables key & val respectively using Python
15905: This function checks if the value of M is less than or equal to nth element in array 'x' at index k, as well whether that
15906: This Python function takes an input list of tuples and returns another tuple containing the same elements as well some additional ones if they match with 'key
15907: Checks the existence of keys 'https' and/or ‘Elastic’, then attempts to convert value associated with these two into string.
15908: A policy document that allows the specified SageMaker Batch Transform job to list buckets and put/get objects in an AWS account'
15909: This Python function checks the input string `sep` and returns its corresponding file extension. If it doesn’s match either ‘\tabulator space
15910: This function takes an input list of integers, divides each integer by the given divider and returns as output. The result is converted to float type before
15911: This line of the given Python script returns how many items in 'menu' have their "parent" id equal to `parent_id`. It
15912: If 'b' is zero, return the result as Zero. Else calculate and Return A divided by B in Python Code Snippet"
15913: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the input string against an expected pattern, and then returns one of its groups if it matches successfully; otherwise raises
15914: This Python script reads the content of file and counts number lines in it using read(). It then returns that count back to caller function/script via
15915: If the settings dictionary contains both 'config' &amp;#x3D;&gt;"setting", return its value associated with key=&quot
15916: This line of the Python function checks if string 's' is not all lowercase or uppercased, ie., it doesn’t have
15917: This function returns an error object with the provided 'message'.  It's used to handle errors in other parts of your application.  ```python
15918: If the object "has attribute value", return its own property; else check whether it contains an inner element with such feature and then do so recursively
15919: This Python script generates an array of numbers that represent the progression from 'start' to given number with step size as defined by user input and rounded
15920: This line of the Python script is creating an extension to our existing file name. The new filename will be "table".  It's appending
15921: This Python script unpacks and concatenates two strings from given Tuple.  The result is printed out in console using 'print'.   It'
15922: This Python function returns the flattened list of items from nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is an
15923: This Python function calculates the sum of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two files. The length is determined by minimum among file lengths and it iteratively
15924: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an element at index 4 in list 't' is equal to zero, and returns either true
15925: If no documents are given, the function will raise an error. Similarly with labeling data; otherwise it proceeds to train and evaluate model using these inputs
15926: This Python script is used to reformat data from one table into another format using dictionary comprehension and list appending techniques which are commonly found on many
15927: This Python function converts all the values of each sub list to float and leaves other data types as is, then appends them into another main/
15928: This Python script is used to extract specific attributes from the dictionary "alist". The keys are 'heights', ‘lengths’ and other
15929: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the domain name from an input URL, if it exists; otherwise returns "None".  The function takes in
15930: This function returns the name of one file in training data. The split id is appended to it and returned as string, which can be used later
15931: This Python script sorts the list of 'Match' objects by their distance and then selectively reduces it to three third parts or less if there are more
15932: Return True if the length of 'other' is greater than or equal to that value. Otherwise, it returns False – ie., checks whether
15933: This function calculates the weighted sum of two numbers, where one number is multiplied by an input value and another gets its own weight inversely proportional
15934: Code returns the string 'name' when it is equal to “admin”. Otherwise, just outputs its value as given in input parameter of function
15935: This function returns an empty dictionary with the key 'None' and value 0. It is used to initialize or reset any potential security issues that may
15936: This Python function calculates the Force between two objects with given properties, using an equation derived from physics principles and returns it as output in Newtons(
15937: This Python function opens the file specified by filename and attempts to read its content without raising an exception if it doesn't exist or returns that text strip
15938: This Python script calculates the ratio of ‘Ones’ to 'Zero' in an array. It then checks if it is possible by
15939: This Python script creates two empty lists and populates them with the second element of each tuple from an input array using indexing method "range". The
15940: This Python function copies the input 'cel' into another variable, then checks if any atom is not an Si ('Sodium'). If it finds such
15941: If the parameter 'None' OR an empty string, it returns its value. Otherwise - just passes through to next line of function execution and then ends
15942: This line of the script checks whether an IMSI is valid. If it's 9 digits long, starts with '00',
15943: This Python script reads an input file, processes each row of the text and appends it to another list 'block', then joins all rows into one
15944: This function calculates the closest multiple of 'nearest' that is less than or equal to num. It does so by rounding down if necessary
15945: This Python function checks whether the first character of input string is either single or double quote, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise
15946: This Python function checks if the absolute difference between two numbers is less than or equal to some maximum value, which can be adjusted by specifying 'max
15947: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from 'li1' that are present only within another collection/list named "Li 3".
15948: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function. It counts how many times it needs to shift right in order …." [...] "to
15949: This Python function opens and reads the file specified by its name in read mode using `open` with 'as' keyword which allows us access files through
15950: A Python script that connects to the local server and sends HTTP requests. 10/3rds of total users are connected via mobile devices,
15951: If the greatest common divisor of 'p' and '%d', return zero. Otherwise calculate two variables "a" &amp; "%b",
15952: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'level' and returns it multiplied by ten. The formula used is an arithmetic
15953: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the number from "filename". If successful, it returns that value; otherwise return 'None'.  The function
15954: This function returns the string representation of an integer. If it's less than 9, then adds zeros to make its length equal with '
15955: If the number of lines is less than 2, return false. Otherwise continue with your logic to check whether all characters in each line are unique or
15956: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'fit' from input data, then adding
15957: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and modulus operations until it finds that 'b'
15958: A Python dictionary is created with the given parameters. The keys are "cost" and others not mentioned in problem statement but they will be filled by cost
15959: This script takes an arbitrary number of command line arguments as input; it then constructs the full URL by appending each argument to its preceding one followed
15960: This Python function calculates the spectral resolution of an image by using pixel values and their corresponding dispersion parameters, which are then used to calculate final spectrum'
15961: This line of Python script is used to create and return dictionary objects with the data from each input CSV file record in an iterable object 'rows
15962: Checks if the function's documentation string contains "Parameters" and returns True or False.  If it does, then indicates that parameters are required
15963: If the length of 'Trace' is 1 then return an empty list. Otherwise create and populate array with differences between consecutive elements from second to
15964: This Python function flattens the given nested lists into one single level by using recursion and builtin extend() method of python's List data
15965: This Python script checks if the current directory contains any of these specific file types. If it does, then `True` will be returned; otherwise false
15966: This function checks if the RGB values of an input image are less than some specified 'threshold'. It returns True or False based on whether all three
15967: This line of Python script calculates the total time in hours from an inputted value, which is represented as two integers representing minutes and seconds respectively separated
15968: This Python function checks the value of 'entityName' and returns it based on its content. If not, then return first two characters from that string
15969: This function converts time in sec into readable format. It can handle up to one day'time conversion, but not more than that due the
15970: This script is used to extract all the images from each image groups and store them into an array called "data['image']". The 'extends
15971: This Python function creates an NGram dictionary from the given list of word. The key is composed by two adjacent elements and value are lists containing all
15972: This function returns the same output as its input but with different levels of depth. It uses recursion to achieve that effect and has an arbitrary number level
15973: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the elements that are present only once within both. The 'in' operator is used to check if
15974: This Python function converts an RGB value in the form of Hexadecimal to its equivalent Red Green Blue values and returns them as separate integers
15975: This Python script creates an output list by iterating over the input 'x' and assigning values to it based on certain conditions using conditional statements within
15976: This function returns the animation and its length. It's used to get information about an object that is being animated by some other program or library in
15977: If the input is an empty string, return 'None'. Otherwise just output it.  Code snippet to be used in other parts of your
15978: This Python script replaces the "*" character with an empty string, splits by ':' and takes only first part of it then split again on
15979: This function checks if the number is present within an array of given list. If it's found, then returns 'False', else return "True
15980: This Python function checks the binary representation of an integer and returns its corresponding DNA sequence. If no match is found, it raises value error with message '
15981: This Python function swaps the values of two variables. It does so by assigning to one variable another's value and then reassign it with
15982: This Python function returns the value of 'x' unless it is greater than or equal to eleven, in which case then return one forty instead; otherwise
15983: Checks whether actual and expected distributions are of equal length. If not, raises an error with message "Distribution lengths do no match".  This
15984: This Python script joins two lists together and then converts the resulting string to an integer with base=10. The function takes as input three integers
15985: This line of the script finds and stores in variables "on" or 'type' from an output string, which is presumably related to mounting/
15986: If either of the numbers are positive, it will return True. Otherwise returns False in boolean context; also known as an "if" statement with short
15987: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15988: This Python function converts binary/octal and hexadecimal strings to integers based on the first character of string "seq". If no prefix
15989: This Python function returns the count of digits in string 's'. It uses map and str functions to check if each character is digit or not using
15990: This function takes in two parameters - the current date's day and its corresponding "day of week". It then checks whether it is December. If
15991: This script returns the list of verified emaiLs from an input dictionary.  It uses Python'dictionary comprehension to create and output
15992: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
15993: This function returns the letter N or S based on whether Latitude is positive(> = 18 degrees North, 36° to <9
15994: This function checks whether the given string is an empty or null value. If it's true, then return 'False', otherwise returns its original form
15995: If password is less than eight characters long OR more that sixteen. Return false with an error message stating the correct range of acceptable lengths are from '
15996: This function calculates the relative error between two numbers, x and true_value or another variable that holds an actual value of 'true' in your
15997: This Python function converts the given number of 'Seconds' into hours/minutes and remaining Second(remaining_sec). The result is
15998: Checks if the given 'tax' is one of those three strings and not ignored sectors. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an
15999: This line of the given Python script returns only those elements from 'l' that are present within set "minus" using filter function. The result is
16000: This Python function checks the end of each string in an input list and returns different strings based on whether it ends with 'M' or not, depending
16001: If the string contains 'Origin' then extract and returns second part of it. Else Return none  [Python Code].  ```python`def
16002: This Python function splits the URL into its protocol and URI components using ":" as separator from left to right while also splitting "/" in between
16003: This Python function checks whether the two numbers are both odd or even. If they're not, it returns 'False'. Otherwise - depending on which
16004: This Python script is used to subtract the base origin's coordinates from each data point. The resultant array, 'Raw Data', will be
16005: This Python function checks whether 'if' conditions are met and raises an error when they aren’t fulfilled; it also ensures that each item within its
16006: This function checks if the input parameters are within range – ie., they should be between or equal to zero, but less than one; otherwise
16007: This Python function raises the value of one number by zero. It also checks whether both numbers are equal, in which case it returns 'one'. If
16008: This Python script uses pip to install the specified module(s).  The "-c" flag is used with "import", which allows you import from
16009: This Python script is used to merge two dictionaries. It merges the "metadata['tool']'s 'results']['sources'" dictionary with another
16010: A simple Python function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. It uses three variables 'c', and two pointers ('current' &
16011: This Python function counts the number of spaces between sentences. It starts by checking if there is no input, then it iterates over each character to check
16012: If the length of 'termid' is more than 1, return Kegg REST API URL with that id; otherwise just returns url
16013: This function checks whether the current object's type matches 'Folder', then it compares its URI with provided ID to match against; If they are
16014: If the input is not within range, it raises an error. Otherwise returns that number as long its in between minimum & maximum values defined by user or
16015: This function returns the path to generate .NET class in C# formatting based on provided parameters – root namespace and types' namespaces & their
16016: This function splits the input string into lines based on ":" and returns them as list of strings, ignoring empty ones if 'keepEmpty'
16017: This function returns the string ' Hello , {new name} ! Hope you are doing well. I hope your response is '.{question}.''
16018: Removes all double spaces from the inputted String. This is done by replacing multiple consecutive whitespace characters with single space character in Python language using built
16019: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences in string "domain" that are not followed by '.'; it is used to ensure correct
16020: Returns the tag as an alert level. If it's debug, info or success then returns 'Info', error -> Danger and warning otherwise
16021: Checks if the given string starts with any of several patterns.  It uses regex to match against multiple strings in one go, which is faster than
16022: This function checks whether the string ends with '.x' and, based on that suffix type ('.a','.b'), it returns different values of
16023: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16024: This line of the program calculates and assigns to 'expected' variable, which is an estimate based on both length ('source_length') in
16025: This function takes an input list of lists and returns the reversed version. It uses Python's built in 'map', which applies another given l
16026: This function checks whether the given object 'is' an instance of dictionary with key named error. If it does not exist then returns false otherwise true
16027: This function takes an input and checks whether it's of type string or not; then filters out the non numerics from that given number/string
16028: This function returns the input value itself when it is within lower and upper limits, otherwise return either limit.  It's an example of conditional t
16029: This Python function returns the person's id from an input dictionary. The output is in JSON format with "key" as 'Person ID', and
16030: This Python script merges two dictionaries by copying the first dictionary and then adding any new keys/values from second one to it using an if condition
16031: This function calculates the number of times an element is repeated in one dimension. It takes clip length, and steps size as input parameters to calculate how
16032: This Python script creates an empty list named 'ClUSTERS' and then iterates over the given PIPELINES namespaces which are assumed
16033: This function takes an input list of options and returns the joined string with spaces between each option. The result is then printed to console using print() method
16034: This Python function checks whether the input 'chunk size' exists. If it does, then returns that value; otherwise default to returning an estimated amount
16035: This function checks whether the string is empty or starts with ‘.’ followed by any number of digits; otherwise it returns false as per given
16036: This Python function returns the first occurrence of an element that is not equal to its own class. If no such elements exist, it will return 'None
16037: If the number of iterations is divisible by 'every', it prints out to console. Returns True, otherwise False; terminates program execution after printing
16038: If the value of 'b' is less than 0, it will be converted to its negative. This operation does not affect any other part in
16039: This Python function splits the input into two parts separated by spaces and converts one part to an integer value based on its units ('kb','mb
16040: This Python script takes an input list of commands and returns the same output as if it were run on shell, but with some modifications to handle long command
16041: This function converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it contains 'TERR' or not, returning either true(returning value of
16042: Code prints out the status of various variables. If they are not set, it will state that their value was "None". Otherwise，it states what
16043: If the 'new' dictionary doesnt exist yet it returns back to its previous state otherwise updates or appends values of keys from "New" into
16044: If the string 'output' contains substring of another word, return it. Otherwise returns None – Python Code Snippet to be used as
16045: This line of Python script joins the elements in list "coordinates" with commas using map and str functions to convert them into strings before joining together
16046: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from 'num1' to ‘’+str(int((float)(/)/ /.
16047: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
16048: This Python function splits the input string into lines, then each of those individual strings is further broken down by spaces to form an array/list and
16049: This Python function processes the list of dictionaries and returns two lists - one with count/messages about successful operations ("returns") found within it ('result
16050: This Python script calculates the total damage caused by an array of firwalls, where each key is its distance from source and value represents how
16051: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors using numpy's sum and sqrt functions, which is then returned as an output
16052: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by 'amount' and then applying some scaling factor to it, which is set at .1%
16053: This function returns zero if the index is out of bounds, it checks whether each character in 'letter' matches with its corresponding position. If true then
16054: This Python function checks whether the product of two given parameters is greater than or equal to zero. If it's true then sets another parameter as maximum
16055: Check if the two boxes overlap. If they do not then return False; otherwise True based on whether there is any nonzero area of intersection between them
16056: Attempts to convert the given value into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, raises and exception with message "invalid" –
16057: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16058: This function checks if every key from the 'sub_dictionary' is present as an element of its parent dictionary. If not, it returns False
16059: This function checks if the given 'tags' list contains an element with specific value. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
16060: If the provided object isn't of type 'list', return error message.  Otherwise proceed with function execution as normal in Python language using given parameters
16061: This function splits the input string "orig", and returns its second part, which is split by '-' character only when it exists within ''.
16062: This Python function checks the type and length conditions to ensure that input data meets certain requirements. If it does meet these criteria then returns as per requirement else
16063: Create dictionary of keys to be used in RabbitMQ message headers. 	Key names are self explanatory, but the values can vary based
16064: This function takes an item and replaces underscores with spaces. Then it converts the title case of that string by converting all characters to upper
16065: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
16066: This Python script creates an object 'sso_users' with the keys and values as per Google ID information. The function returns that dictionary which is
16067: This line of the script initializes variables with parameters from an input dictionary. The first three are used to store data about x and y values in sum
16068: This Python function takes an input list, and returns the elements of that array as strings concatenated together. The order is reversed from what it would
16069: This line of the program calculates and returns an output value, which is used to determine if there're any changes in temperature or pressure values that
16070: This function returns the value after ':' from each input string, or an empty “string” otherwise and removes any leading/trailing whitespace
16071: This Python script converts the given dictionary into an array of tuples where each tuple contains two elements - one is from original 'data' and
16072: This function checks if the given point is within any of two rectangular boxes. If it's true then return ‘True’ else false or an
16073: If the given word is present as key of dictionary, return its value. Else just returns original string/word itself – one line only solution
16074: Checks the website's status, returns true or false based on whether it is closed/open. If both conditions are met then return 'Cl
16075: This Python function tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual "tok"ns based on spaces, similar to how you might do manual word segmentation
16076: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the sum of all odd numbers in its decimal representation. If no such number exists, it will return
16077: This Python function is used to find the sub_str between two given characters in an inputted strin, and it handles cases where one or both
16078: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16079: This script contains various HTML elements that can be used in web development, such as '<a>', <style></head> <title>  and
16080: This program takes an integer as input and converts it to its corresponding number in the form of digit strings. It then calculates their individual sums
16081: This function translates the coordinates of turtle crops by subtracting values from another tuple, which is then appended to an empty list as new
16082: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks the value in variable 'x'. If it's equal to 1, then return that
16083: This Python function appends an element x to the end of our current List, and removes it from front by popping off index 0 in O
16084: This Python function calculates the 'Success Rate' based on an input of amount urld. It uses if/else conditions to classify different ranges
16085: This Python script creates an empty matrix of size 'm' x ‘n’ and fills it with ones using nested loops to create the desired structure
16086: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'x' type or not and performs an operation accordingly - either it returns original value as string but with
16087: This function checks whether the input list is empty, and returns it. If not emptiness check occurs then return reversed version of that same array
16088: This function calculates the difference between consecutive elements in an array and divides it by two to create new values that are half of their original value;
16089: This function calculates the optimal point to be used as an origin in image processing tasks. The idea is that it should maintain aspect ratio while being within
16090: This Python function tries to subtract an element from ‘item’. If the operation is successful, it returns 'Result'. Otherwise if any exception
16091: This Python function checks whether the provided SDVKEY is valid and returns its associated Volume Driver. If any of these conditions are met, it will print
16092: This Python script calculates the relative luminance of an RGB color using ACES colorspace conversion rules and then normalizes it to match another reference point
16093: Checks the value of an input parameter and returns it based on its name. If no match is found, throws error with invalid options message –
16094: A program that finds all prime numbers up to 'n'. It uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes algorithm.  The loop continues until
16095: This Python function calculates the two outputs of an equation based on input variables. The first output is calculated as 'e' times another variable multiplied
16096: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements based on spaces, checks if each element ends with "P", and returns that one which does
16097: This Python script splits the string on spaces and filters out any None values resulting in cleaned up data about files to be created with .JSON extension append
16098: This Python function calculates the value of an alphabetical string. The values are assigned based on their position within Alphabets from A to
16099: This line of the script is extracting part from an array 'user_agent' and storing it in variable called `string_literal`.
16100: If the input file does NOT have ".txt", raise an error stating that it should be of type .TXT and return only its name without extension
16101: This function checks if the rectangle defined by two points and their sizes overlaps with another. It does so based on whether both rectangles have nonnegative
16102: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16103: This Python script checks the API version and returns either 'V1' or ‘Version vX’ depending on whether it is VERSION=
16104: This function takes an argument and checks its type. If the input 'is of List' it joins all elements in that array into one string separated by
16105: This Python script converts all the digits from string to integer and then joins them back into one single line of text, leaving out any non digit
16106: This is the implementation of Joseph's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate positions in an array where each person gets removed until one remains and returns
16107: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the form of Binary. It does so by repeatedly dividing and taking remainders until there
16108: This function returns the string ' epoch = {0} ckpt'. where  is replaced by variable `self.current_step` which holds
16109: Checks if the action is 'staff.fake_login' in record rec, returning True or False accordingly – Code snippet provided
16110: Code returns true if all conditions are met. If not, it will check the next condition in order until one is found to be false or none left
16111: This line of the program is creating an array by taking modulo and division operations on two variables. The resultant value from each operation are stored in
16112: Returns true if the least significant bit of l8ba is set.  This checks whether or not an integer has odd parity bits in its binary
16113: This Python script checks whether the input string contains either '++' or '-&-'. If it does, then replaces these with an empty space and
16114: This function returns the result of adding idx to itself and then taking modulus with respect 10. It's an example on how we can
16115: Counts the number of digits present within given string.  It returns True if there is at least one digit, False otherwise else it counts all
16116: If the length of 'seq' is 1, return seq. Otherwise do nothing and continue with next line or return None in Python language as
16117: This line of the given Python script is calculating an exponential number and applying bitwise NOT operation. The resultant value will be stored in 'result'
16118: This Python script generates the list of tuples that represent each predicted bounding boxes and their corresponding scores. The output is used to train an object
16119: This python function converts seconds into hours minutes and second. It takes an integer as input which represents the number of secodns to be converted;
16120: This function returns the corresponding extension to an inputted Blendera's image/file type in dictionary form or warn if it is unknown otherwise with
16121: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an image's centre. The width and length are given as input parameters to calculate its aspect ratio which is
16122: Checks if two arrays have the same size and returns true or false based on that. If not, it will return an error message stating 'Array
16123: This function calculates the minimum distance between any two points in 3D space. It takes three arguments, each representing one of these point's
16124: This Python script uses dictionary comprehension to create and returns new dict with values from the original 'd' based on keys present within list of strings "
16125: This Python function uses bitwise shift and masking to generate the binary representation of an integer, then checks each position from least significant end upwards if
16126: This function converts an integer to its equivalent in Hexadecimal. If the number is less than 16 it will return with leading
16127: This function returns the first two elements of an iterable and then three "None" values. It's just returning these as tuples without
16128: This function returns the target users's information.  The input is 'None', and it will always output {'Target User': <User Object>
16129: This Python function checks the length and formatting conditions on an input string. If it's not exactly equal to ten characters, then raises 'Value
16130: If the inputted 'STRING' is less than or equal 3 characters, it returns that STRING. Otherwise -> It checks whether its character
16131: This line of Python script swaps the sign and value in each variable. If an input is negative it will be made positive otherwise not changed by using
16132: If an empty string is provided as authentication, raise error stating that it must contain "Login" followed by colon and password in order to proceed with login
16133: This python function calculates the average speed of an object moving at constant velocity. The input is list 'List' and time period as parameters, it
16134: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns different messages based on that. It also handles special cases like passing 'None' as argument or
16135: This function takes an URL as input and returns the same or modified version of it based on whether there is one in its formatting, otherwise just returning
16136: If the value of 'option' variable in context does not exist, it returns an empty list; otherwise - splits and return its values as separate
16137: This function is used to apply the given functions on each element of an input list. The result will be returned as output from another method or directly printed
16138: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'cooperation' by dividing it with turns multiplied times repeated, which is an example
16139: This function calculates the distances to four points in 3D space using Euclidean distance. The result is returned as two separate values - one per
16140: Returns the value of 'nominal control' variable.  It is used to determine whether or not an event should be considered as successful in order that
16141: This function checks the type of input 'X' and returns it. If X has an integer value then return that same number twice; else check whether
16142: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, b and c. The difference between them is then multiplied by an input variable 'u'.
16143: This function checks whether there is at least one element greater than the value 'v' present within sequence. If such an item exists it returns that number
16144: If the value of 'Canopys Store' is zero, return its original scale; else check whether it exceeds maximum limit and adjust accordingly by returning
16145: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be either an integer or floating point number and then performs some operation on it based upon its type
16146: This Python function checks if the jouleage adapters are connected correctly. It starts with ‘zero’, then iterates over each of
16147: This Python script checks whether the given input, ```HEXSTRING``` ,is indeed an acceptable HexaDecimals or Not by checking
16148: This function calculates the beta of an investment, which is used to measure market risk. The formula given here uses simple division and multiplication operations with parent
16149: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The first number is calculated as gamma+one divided by another, then raised to negative power and
16150: This Python function checks whether the input 'names' variable can be either of type string or List. If it’s String then returns platform name else
16151: This function replaces the last occurrence of old string in filename with another one, if it exists; otherwise returns original name without changes." ---
16152: This function returns an array of dictionaries, each dictionary represents the configuration settings to be used in creating notebooks. The keys are section names and values
16153: This function takes in two parameters, an integer n and another list of integers. It returns the summation result as per instructions given by user on how
16154: This function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the resultant number after performing bitwise XOR operation on all elements in that list. The
16155: This line of Python script calculates the average length wait time per dependency. It takes into account all dependencies associated with each key, and then sums up
16156: This function takes three colors in RGB format and returns the minimum value of each color. The values are then updated by subtracting that amount from all original
16157: This Python function filters an input list of dictionaries based on the provided 'items' and returns only those rows that contain all specified columns from each dictionary
16158: This Python script modifies the input `regex` by either adding or removing characters from its start and end. The purpose of these modifications is to ensure
16159: This Python function generates all pairs of factors that are divisible by 3 or more within the given width and height parameters using nested loops to check if
16160: This Python script calculates the new value of 'RA' based on its initial and change values. If RA is greater than or equal to three times
16161: This Python script checks if the given column name is in CCS or PCS format with an additional check to ensure it ends as "%" symbol followed
16162: This Python function takes an input string and replaces all spaces in the given text with '%' followed by '%.'. The result is then joined back
16163: Generates list of URLS based on the input ID'd data, formatting them as "localhost" and port number 9436
16164: This Python script checks the first 3 characters of each string input. If it finds an 'S' or another character, then that is appended
16165: This function checks if the first part of each string matches with any element from an array. If it does match then returns true else false is returned after
16166: This Python script prints the results of multiplying two numbers and dividing them, with some precision loss due to floating point arithmetic in python3/
16167: A dictionary with the specified parameters. The center point is given in micron coordinates and timing choice corresponds to an integer value from {0..6}.
16168: This function returns the maximum number of rows and columns present within an input list. The outer loop iterates over each individual sublist/array inside '
16169: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into either an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then raises and exception
16170: This program generates an infinite loop that keeps pushing the next number in its own series into 'Sequence' until it reaches one. The condition to stop is
16171: If the string's character count is greater than specified 'length', it will cut off at “...” and return only first three characters.
16172: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
16173: Checks if either of the nodes have no in element ids, OR they both do but with different first two elements.  If so it returns
16174: If the 'port' parameter was not provided, return an empty dictionary.  Otherwise do nothing and just let it pass through to be used elsewhere in
16175: This function returns the extension of last element in path using Python's builtin 'os', and then splits it by dot to get only file
16176: This Python function takes as input the string 'phrase' and returns its letters replaced by their corresponding ASCII values. If any character of that sequence is
16177: This Python function takes an array 'A' and its phase vector as input. It creates another list of the same length with each element being equal to
16178: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in an array. The minimum and average values are calculated between these 3 elements from each list respectively to
16179: This Python function converts the given string to lowercase and checks if it's equal either with “False” ("no", etc.) OR
16180: This function calculates the maximum value between two values. It takes into account that one of them is calculated as part by subtracting current step from overall
16181: Copies the original data from "example" into new variable. Then it checks if an element has audio or video with specific formatting ('%s
16182: If the argument 'True' or 1, return it as string. Else do nothing and leave result unchanged."  (END OF CO
16183: This function returns the maximum of three numbers. It first finds out which one is smallest and then compares it with other two to find larger number among
16184: This Python function assigns the class to which an input value 'X' belongs based on its values within list. The classes are defined as per index
16185: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each list of 'items' and adds the elements to it. If they are already present
16186: This function checks whether the input 'item' exists. If it does exist but isn’t of type ‘list” then return an array containing
16187: This Python script reads each character of the input string, and if it's 'return', then increments an integer value. The result is stored
16188: This Python script checks if the list of annotations is empty, and returns “Score” as zero. If it're present then check each
16189: This function returns the value of one or zero depending on whether it's inside an object in threeD space, with some conditions to return different values
16190: A dictionary that contains the Drone ID and its current State.  The 'state' is set to be either idle or moving based on whether it
16191: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and manipulate strings that are either 36 characters long or consist of two parts separated by hyphen (-
16192: This Python function reverses the bits of an integer. It uses bitwise operations to achieve that, with one loop iterating over half as many iterations
16193: Checks if the string c is in substring of another given text.  In Python language with 'occursin' function and case insensitive
16194: This function returns the formatted string to be written into an output file. The input is two parameters - select key and its corresponding state in transition table of
16195: This Python script creates three lists, one with the indices of elements that are common to all 10 sets and another two containing those which have exactly
16196: If the length of 'PI' is 2, it assigns second element to "P I Av g" and error as zero. Else
16197: This Python function flattens the given nested lists into one single level using recursion and builtin functions like extend(). The result will be returned as
16198: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n'. The first two numbers of fibo are always 0 and then every
16199: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16200: This script removes packages that are already present on the system from an output package list of pip install command's result and returns only those which were not
16201: This function takes two parameters, checks if the first parameter is of type 'string', and returns it as such. If not ('else'), then concaten
16202: This Python function prints the string passed to it. It returns zero, which is usually used as an indicator of success in programming tasks like file I/
16203: This function returns all the pairs of 'typ' from given list "tages".  It uses an if condition to check whether each pair has second
16204: If the index is not 0 in 'Table', it will delete that element and insert at position one of its current location's previous elements to
16205: This line of the Python function returns x multiplied by (-1). If X is less than zero, it will be negated and returned as positive
16206: This Python function takes as input the counter dictionary of numbers and returns three lists - one with unique number occurrences sorted numerically; another array containing
16207: Returns True if the values of two boolean variables are not equal, False otherwise.  If both booleans have different types or one is None then
16208: If the string '/' is found within 'packagename', return all characters before it, else just returns original name of packages/modules 1
16209: "A Python function to compute GCD using Euclid's algorithm." 		   Code Snippet :"""gcd(x ,
16210: This Python function sorts the values of each key from 'reference' dictionary and stores them into another new one called ```"other""` which is
16211: This Python function converts seconds into hour/minute format. It first calculates the number of full "hours" by dividing total time in second
16212: If the length of 'field_da' is less than 1, return an empty string. Otherwise it returns first ten characters from data in form
16213: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16214: This Python function takes an integer list as input, removes duplicates by converting it to set and then back into the original form. It finally sorts that
16215: If the length of split is more than 1, return all elements except first and last one in list format else just take original string as it'
16216: This Python function checks the 'tc' dictionary to see whether it contains an entry with key of stderr. If so - splits that value by
16217: This Python function calculates the exponential of any number. If 'exp' is zero it returns one and otherwise recursively calls itself with reduced exponent until
16218: This Python function calculates the percentage of samples that belong to each unique 'Cluster' from an input list. The result is rounded off and returned as
16219: This script looks at the batch step of new dictionary and finds out which method uses csv export module. If no such methods are present it raises an
16220: If the 'json' response does NOT contain an entry with key named `“results”` then return false. Otherwise extracts first item from results
16221: This line of Python function returns the hexadecimal representation with leading zeros. The number is formatted to have 8 digits by using "
16222: This Python function returns the first occurrence of 'value' within list/array "l" using get() method with key as default if element is not
16223: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
16224: This Python script generates an output string from the given list of options. The index and option are used to create each line, with commas separating
16225: This function returns the product of two vectors in Python. The first element is calculated by multiplying corresponding elements from both input arrays, and second one will
16226: This line of Python script returns the difference between two lists. It converts each input to sets, then calculates their differences and finally transforms it
16227: Compare two dataframes based on the columns "index", timezones, second times zones. If either of them match then assign 0 else if
16228: This Python function checks whether the given input, 'None' and/or boolean values are true. If they aren’t either of these two types
16229: This line of the Python script checks if URI ends with "}/". It returns True or False based on whether it's true, and false otherwise
16230: If the 'targets' list from CLI or passed as an argument exists, then return true. Else false/return null;  Code
16231: This line of the program creates an empty dictionary. The keys are tuples, and each tuple is associated with its value as 'None'. It
16232: This function calculates an expression based on input 'theta'. The result is returned as output. It's named "quadratic_function"
16233: Generates all possible neighbors of the current cell. If any neighbor is outside grid boundaries and has same value as itself then it's ignored else
16234: This function converts Farenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the freezing point of water, which is approximately equal
16235: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the equivalent byte where each bit is shifted to create new bits. The number of shifts depends on how
16236: If the variable 'user photo' does not exist, set it to false; otherwise check its value and convert into boolean form using Python programming language."
16237: Returns the second to last word in 'regular verb' list.  It is used as an example of how one might use Python lists and string manip
16238: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16239: This Python function takes an input of any type that is 'iteratable' and returns the flattened list. It uses List Comprehension
16240: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16241: This function calculates the number of bytes needed to store an array with 'length' elements, where each element is represented in binary. The size will
16242: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cube of that value. The result is returned in one line using Python's syntax to perform
16243: This function finds the sequence with maximum length from an input list of sequences. If there are multiple such subsequences, it returns one that occurs first al
16244: This function takes the first SMILE string and its corresponding multiplier from dictionary 'spcdt' as input. It then constructs an identifier using
16245: This Python script counts the total number of cards left on your playing board. It iterates over each "deck" object and adds up all its
16246: Check if error messages are the same as those already present. If so, return false; otherwise true – Code is to check whether an application'
16247: This function raises an error when the input is less that one, and then uses binary search algorithm until it finds out which power of two can fit into
16248: Return the number '0' in Python. This is because it returns an integer value of zero when used with no arguments or as part thereof, which
16249: This function checks if the parentheses in given string are balanced or not by comparing number of "(", ")".  If they're equal
16250: If the status of an object is 'completed' or error, return true. Otherwise returns false – Code Summary(code): def check
16251: This Python script splits the input string by ':', removes leading/trailing whitespace, and appends '-help' to it as an additional
16252: This line of the program is creating an English ordinal numbering system. It checks whether or not it's 'first', and, based on
16253: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The result is stored in variables 'maxX', ‘minY' respectively
16254: This Python function converts the number of given time in secs into Days/Hours and Minuts. It uses integer division to get whole numbers
16255: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and dimensions as input parameters; calculates new x & y values based on it to create an array of
16256: This Python function checks the validity of an entered string as one part in names used by World Ocean Atlas 3D Variables system, and returns
16257: This script removes all molecules that contain the word 'radica' from an input list of molecule names using Python programming language and returns them as
16258: A Python dictionary that represents an article. The keys are the different types of information about it such as 'captions', statistics ('means' and difference
16259: This Python script converts longitude values from degrees to radians. It checks the last character of each value, and performs different calculations based on whether
16260: This Python script prints the text and returns none. It's just an example of how to create simple functions in python 3.""".strip
16261: This Python script generates an unique string of 16 characters using the uuid library in python and removes hyphens from it, then returns first '
16262: This Python script creates an output list by duplicating the first element of input array, then assigns second and third elements from original to duplicate. The
16263: If package name is empty, use the full qualified className else append it with '.' and then add .jar's extension to make sure that all
16264: This line of the given Python script converts an array representing time in hours, minutes and seconds into total number format.  The function takes as input
16265: This Python function checks if two conditions are met in the order of '<=' between variables. If one condition is true, it returns True;
16266: This function checks the version of an operating system. If it's less than or equal to 'Version = 3', then returns "Older".
16267: This Python script tries to execute the first block of codes. If it fails due an error in its second part or third parts then instead returns 'Original
16268: This Python script reverses the sequence of DNA. It replaces each base pair with its complementary one, and then returns it as string formatting
16269: This Python script reads data from CSV file and converts it into 3D list of integers, then returns the created 'pseudo'
16270: If the boxes are identical in both dimensions and have zero area then return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate their intersection over union ratio as per formula given below;
16271: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any number
16272: Check if two sequences of tokens are the same, ignoring case and order but not considering punctuation marks or special characters – Python solution using sets
16273: This Python function checks the value of 'stag' and returns different strings based on its content. The return string is determined by certain conditions in an
16274: This function checks whether the first character of an inputted String is either uppercase, lower case letter A to Z. If it meets these conditions then
16275: This Python function generates the binary representation of an integer. It starts from 'imin' and ends at one less than ('+=', "<
16276: This function takes an input sequence and returns the first element of that sequenc.  It's called "note" because it is used to denote
16277: Handle different types of errors from an ldap connection.  If the error message contains specific keywords, return corresponding response else default none is returned when
16278: This function calculates the standard deviation of an array. It subtracts each element in var from its average, and then divides by that result
16279: This line of Python script calculates the rounded value by multiplying press in with .1 and then rounds it to nearest whole number using built -round
16280: This Python function ranks two lists of values based on agreement or disagreement. It compares each pair from the first list with those found at second one
16281: Return the tag and type of an object as string. If no specific value exists, it returns only 'tag'.  Otherwise,'returned in format
16282: This Python function checks if the number is prime or not. It uses Fermat's Little Theorem to check primality which states that no integer greater
16283: A JSON object with two components, one of which is an HTTP component. The other has some additional properties and the last property in that set also includes
16284: If 'By' meta data exists, check that it matches with any available options. Otherwise raise an error message stating "Required argument missing." –
16285: This Python script checks whether the length of `ordered_pairs` is more than one and then iterates over it. If two elements have equal
16286: This function checks whether an input number is prime or not. It returns false when the given value equals ‘True’ and true otherwise based on its
16287: This Python function converts the input date to its equivalent year and month, then uses that information in order determine which 'Season' it falls into
16288: This function checks if there is at least one point within the given rectangle. If so it returns True else False – that means such points exist inside
16289: This line of the Python script returns last element in split list, stripped from leading and trailing white spaces if any exist on that particular position/
16290: This Python function creates an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents the boundaries between two values within one bucket and its index value as well which is used
16291: This line of Python script joins all the elements in an iterable with spaces between them, effectively splitting and joining strings by space character only if they are
16292: This function checks the value of 'method' and returns either “Visible” or `Hidden` based on its input. If it is not
16293: This function checks whether the first line of any given Python script is an asynchronous operation. It does so by checking to see that it contains either '
16294: This Python script splits the input string into two parts using ':' as separator and converts them to integers before returning in form of tuple
16295: This line of Python script converts Fahrenheit to Celsius by subtracting the degrees in farenheight from three and then div
16296: This Python script splits the string "scan" into list of strings, then retrieves and returns third element from that split array which is an IP
16297: This script splits the input string into individual sentences using Python's split() function, then it returns each sentence as an array of its constituent
16298: This Python function splits the string into individual elements using comma as separator and strips leading/trailing whitespaces from each element before returning it in
16299: This Python function returns the number of attempts needed to find out an integer that is equal or greater than 'answer' in less then one attempt. If
16300: A 1D list of size filled with spaces. This is used as the base matrix to build upon later on, which will be our solution'
16301: This Python function returns the string representation of an array by joining its elements with '.' as delimiter, similar to how it would in C++
16302: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an output based on three input parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by 'u', then
16303: This function returns the list of sounds. It's an example to show how Python can be used in data analysis and machine learning tasks, such as
16304: This Python function calculates the fluorescence intensities based on F, Anisosity and returns an array of these calculated values in one line
16305: This Python script creates and returns the names of all people who have been identified as having "matching". The matching is determined by checking if there are
16306: Check whether the given 'KEY' is present as keys of dictionary and, If yes then remove it from Dictionary else return an error message stating that Key
16307: This function converts the input string to either all capital letters or lowercase, depending on whether it is already fully uppers and/or lowers
16308: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'people' data structure and appends each person’ s first name followed by their
16309: This is an iterative process that counts the number of times each character from string 's1' appears as substring within another given "substr
16310: Returns the dictionary of headers.  This is used to get and set values in HTTP requests/responses, such as 'ContentType', or any
16311: This Python script converts the first letter of each sentence to uppercase and leaves all other letters in lower case. It also adds an extra space after
16312: This Python script generates all possible kmers of given size from the input string, and returns them as list object on one line using slicing operation with
16313: This Python script creates an application server using the threading module's Executer class and makes it available on specified IP address/port pair with '
16314: This Python function calculates the nth term of an arithmetic sequence using recursion. The first two terms are given as input, and each subsequent
16315: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two parameters, 'prefactor' and weights. The formula is as follows; "(weight
16316: This script takes an arbitrary number of command line arguments and constructs the equivalent Python call. It is useful when you need to run multiple commands on your
16317: This function scales the input value to fit within an output range. It's useful when you want your data values between 0 and n, where
16318: If the "data['electricity']'s 'status']['charging_info'].has('plundered') returns True, return plug
16319: This function takes in an input string and returns the number of unique characters it contains.  It does so by converting all text to lower case, then
16320: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each sublist. The length 'len' is used to get number elements, list
16321: Retrieves the necessary information from AWS RDS instance details in Python using BOTO3 library – Code snippet provided by user '
16322: If the variable 'prop' is equal to string value of “Explicite”, return false. Otherwise assert an error with message as unknown
16323: This script splits the title in each line by "||" and removes leading/trailing spaces from every element of list 'titles'. The
16324: This function splits the input list of strings into two lists. The second one contains all elements after splitting on an index that is equal to or greater
16325: This function checks if the value exists within an array. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all elements of 'val'
16326: This Python function returns the result of an AND operation on three variables. The order in which they are evaluated is important to determine whether at least one condition
16327: This Python script is used to extract the commit message, SHA of its parent and child trees from GitHub's API.  The function returns
16328: This function calculates the power of 'k' to an integer number in Python. The result is also taken modulo with another given value "c
16329: This Python function converts an input character to its corresponding number using base 'base'. The characters are represented by the numbers from zero upwards, with
16330: This Python script reads data from the given input file and stores it in memory as dictionary objects with keys "instruction", “Size”, etc
16331: This Python function checks whether the input `str` variable 'is instance of' string and also it returns none when an empty/null value comes in
16332: This Python script counts the number of times each character appears within all provided strings to determine if they meet certain criteria such as minimum occurrence count or maximum occur
16333: This Python script will keep on looping until it encounters an instance of the type 'str' in its input. It then returns that string as
16334: If the difference between length of list and width is less than zero, it returns an error.  This can occur when trying to calculate area or perform
16335: This function takes in one parameter, the 'video id', and returns an URL string that can be used to watch youtube videos with given IDs
16336: This Python script splits the given list of paths and texts into training set & testing sets. The ratio between these two is determined by 'ratio'
16337: This Python script attempts reading from the file specified by infile and returns its contents if successful; otherwise it prints an error message indicating that failed with input
16338: This function checks the type of input and returns an error message when necessary. It also verifies that required parameters are present within given dictionary/configuration object
16339: Checks whether the strategy dictionary contains an entry with key 'GW' and its value type inherits from DataFrame. If not, it
16340: This function calculates the difference between two lists' second elements. It takes into account that one list may be longer than another, and it also subt
16341: This line of the given Python script splits clip variable by '/' and assigns it to an array called 'slug'.  The result is
16342: This Python function converts file sizes in bytes to human readable format based on the number of units they represent and returns it as string with appropriate unit
16343: This script is used to authenticates users by checking the probability of each input. The first two inputs are username/email related with high probabilities while other
16344: This Python function checks whether the input string contains either "-" or ":" and, based on which character it finds firstly splits up that part
16345: This Python function replaces multiple spaces with single space in the string, and converts parentheses to special characters before returning it as output of given
16346: This function checks if two dictionary objects are equal. It ignores keys that exist either or both of the first and second input dicts, then returns
16347: This Python script creates an ordered dictionary from the given outputs, sorts it by keys and then returns values of sorted items as per their corresponding key using List
16348: This function calculates the remainder of x when divided by 'm'. The operation is performed in such way that it always returns positive result. If you
16349: This function calculates the absolute value of two numbers x and y, then adds them together.  It's an example to show how you can
16350: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with nested lists based on the provided parameters 'a', ‘b’ &'c'.
16351: This function returns the value associated with key in dictionary 'd'. If no such entry exists, it raises an exception. 1/3 of total
16352: This function checks if the given 'range' contains an element equal to or greater than ‘start’ and less then/equal too, i.
16353: This line of the script filters out columns that start with prefix and '_' followed by '__'. The filtered list is then assigned to variable "all
16354: This Python function splits the input string on underscores, capitalizes each word after '_', and then joins them with dashes to form an
16355: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character representation by iteratively subtracting one from the input number and using modulo division with
16356: This function checks if the number 7 is present within an array of numbers. If it'is, then return true; otherwise false or None depending
16357: This line of the given Python script counts up to 'num' and breaks when it reaches that number. It then returns how many times we have counted
16358: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output based on some input. The calculation involves subtracting one value from another, multiplying
16359: This Python script attempts to convert the "price" parameter from string type into an integer. If it fails, then return original parameters as they are not
16360: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then extracts part of it that is after '.com' in order to get video host name
16361: If the input value of 'T' is less than zero and positive, return an output that scales down by multiplying it with itself twice; otherwise
16362: This function is designed to return an empty list when the start time of 'f' exceeds endtime in any segment and returns segments as tuples
16363: This function takes an RGB color and returns the same but with its alpha value multiplied by 'ratio'.  The new values are returned as tup
16364: Prints the command set, type of Echo Request and content received in an event object from IoT Hub device to console log on Python script execution
16365: This Python function takes an array of tuples representing time interval pairs and returns the longest continuous sequence without overlapping as well formatted string representation with start
16366: This function returns the values of two metrics based on their names in Python programming language using an 'IF' statement to check which name is being used and
16367: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an input sequence. It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then converts it back into
16368: This line of the given Python script is returning last part from an AWS ARN string using split() and indexing in python, which returns only one
16369: This function checks whether the input 'value' parameter of type string. If it does not meet that condition then convert to an array with one element and
16370: This Python function calculates the performance of two metrics based on their respective weights and returns them as percentages with some form factor applied to it before returning
16371: This function returns the type of employment based on an input number. It's used to categorize different types in terms and conditions, like Full Time
16372: If the 'Port' parameter in function call isn’t provided, it will default to using '/'. Otherwise - use ':', followed by actual value
16373: This function returns the package name of an object.  It takes one argument, which should be either 'object' or 'class'. If it receives
16374: This function checks whether the given string starts with double underscores ("___"), ends in two consecutive single or triple underlines, “_”
16375: This Python script returns an object with two keys - ' input info' and the value of which is another dictionary containing three key values. The first one
16376: This function checks if the input ends with "set" followed by any word, then it also verifies that 'nickname' is present within
16377: A list comprehension that creates an array of boolean values based on whether each value is within the specified ranges.  The length equals to number_of
16378: If the input number is less than or equal to zero, it returns one. Otherwise - continues with calculation of factorial using recursion method in Python
16379: This function returns the HTTP response's 'status codes'. The two common ones are success and no content. It is used to check if an API
16380: This function checks if the given 'source name' exists within an array of references and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is found among them
16381: This Python function checks whether the class of an object is 'property' or gene', depending on its length. If it’is less than 3
16382: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'a' from another number, then div
16383: This function returns the string 'Group:' followed by group name.  It's used to create an identifier in some context, such as creating file
16384: This Python function checks if two patterns are anagrams of each other by removing characters from the first and checking whether all remaining elements exist as keys within
16385: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the first ingredient in it" (END OF SUMMARY).   Code is to find
16386: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
16387: This Python function splits the input string by newline character and then joins each line with tabulation characters to form one single formatted text block, which
16388: This Python script checks whether the given string ends with an exclamation mark or dot, and adds one to it in case they don't exist
16389: This line of Python script creates and returns the string 'imp' with n = 3 times. The first two characters are replaced by `"{} {}
16390: This Python script splits the paths and compares them element by elements to determine if they are equal or not using 'zip' function from itertools
16391: This function checks whether the given 'key' is repeated in an array. If it finds any repetition, then returns true; otherwise false will be
16392: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an input list, 'lst'. If lst is empty it returns Naan else computes and
16393: This function takes in four parameters, which are the coordinates of two rectangles. It then returns an array with these values modified to reflect their combined width
16394: This Python script attempts to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then instead of raising and
16395: This function returns the integer part of 'value' divided by 10. It is used to tune audio signals in Python using numpy and sc
16396: This script reads from two different dictionaries and combines them into one list of strings with formatting instructions to display the features as per requirement using Python'
16397: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as uppercasing all of its first letters. It does so by splitting it into individual
16398: This Python function resizes an image based on the aspect ratio of its original size. The input is two parameters - 'frame' and "ref".
16399: This function generates the HTML string representation of an SVG Polygone with given color and coordinate list as input parameters – it joins each pair into
16400: This Python function checks if there is any overlapping between the current and previously processed segments. If yes then it returns true else false indicating no intersection found
16401: This function removes all spaces and tabs from the input string.  It does not modify non-" " or "\n" characters, as per your requirement
16402: This function returns the value of 'cooling mode' based on its input, with different return values depending upon whether it is either an abbreviation
16403: Removed all occurrences of the subpattern in 'replace' function.  The result is an empty String if no match was found or original
16404: This function checks whether the given row/column pair is within valid range. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or else returns
16405: This Python function checks if the given RGB values fall within certain ranges. If they do it returns 'True', otherwise -> return's false".
16406: This Python script is used to calculate the total length of all items within an input dictionary and returns it as output which can be printed or returned by any
16407: This Python function takes three arguments - two vertices and an optional type of the edges. It returns all possible combinations that can be formed between these given points
16408: Returns the value of "trimDisContinuouslyFrameTimes" key from dictionary.  If it doesn't exist, returns None by default in
16409: This function converts the given in and output values to string format. It then formats them into one single formatted text with resource name as prefix followed by
16410: This function checks whether the input URL is empty or does it start with 'www.' before adding http/s to make sure that we always have https
16411: This function returns the number of flavors in response body.  It's used to check if there are any available options on an item before making purchase
16412: Code checks if the length of p's first word is less than or equal to maximum allowed, as well check on second part. If both conditions
16413: This Python script splits the input string by space and then separates each part into key/value pairs. The output is returned as dictionary with keys
16414: This line of Python script calculates the Julianday number by adding seconds to it, then divides that resultant value into days using an
16415: This line of Python script creates an nxm matrix filled with zeros.  It'll be used to store the results from our algorithm,
16416: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer value. The flags variable is bitwise ANDed with '96' and then shifted right
16417: If the variable 'name' is either equal to one of two strings, return true; otherwise check whether its string representation starts with http(s),
16418: This function checks if the value of 'val' is even. It returns True when it finds an integer that can be divided by two with no remainder
16419: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns its original form as is; otherwise converts and return that
16420: This function checks if the difference between two populations' average fitnesses is within an acceptable threshold. If it does, then we have converged to our
16421: This line of the given C++ function is performing bitwise operations on three variables. The first operation uses AND operator to mask out all but least significant
16422: This function checks the type of input string based on its ending characters and returns an integer value accordingly with corresponding prefixes in human readable format like "
16423: This line of Python script creates an array that is the resultant multiplication between corresponding elements from two lists. The function uses builtin functions like 'zip
16424: This function splits the description into two parts based on whether it contains 'consume', ‘sell’, or any of these three terms
16425: This line of the script is checking whether "match" function in Julia has found any matches. If it doesn't find anything, then 'nothing
16426: If the 'Name' parameter in function call, strip off trailing s/z and compare with another string without considering case sensitivity – return true
16427: This function takes an underscored string and returns the same input but with each word capitalized.  It uses "|>  ", which is used
16428: This function checks whether the given object is an empty tuple. If it's, then returns true; otherwise false or error message "Error in input
16429: This line of Python script calculates the difference between three time series, which are used to measure different types or categories in an organization's financial performance
16430: This Python function calculates the temperature in Celsius based on an input of TEMP, which is assumed to be Fahrenheit or
16431: This function compares two strings and returns an integer. If the first string is '**', it will return zero, otherwise '-' or '/'.
16432: This function checks whether the last character of 'git' is either "/" indicating that it represents an absolute path, else returns false.  It does
16433: This program simulates the process of buying coins from an ATM. It keeps track and updates on how many times it can buy maximum number possible with
16434: This Python function reverses the input string. It calculates its length and then iteratively adds each character from last to first into an output variable "
16435: If the source and destination versions are equal it returns 'KABI diff' followed by version number. Else return something like Kabidiff
16436: If the address doesn't exist, return an empty string; else split and join parts of it based on its type ('/', ':') or
16437: This Python function calculates the new sample size and corresponding learning rate based on an inputted 'forgetging factor' which is used to adjust how much
16438: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you should include your name and date here).
16439: This script checks if the given dependency is present among others dependencies of another repo, returning true or false accordingly based on whether it exists within other repos
16440: This Python function is used to determine which type or model version, GFDC/GFDHYDRA based on user input. The inputs
16441: This function returns the first occurrence of an item greater than 'value' from list. If no such number exists, it will return '-1'. The
16442: If the temperature in Celsius, 't_C', isn't given then return "None". Otherwise convert it to Fahrenhe
16443: This line of the function calculates and returns an average between two unbiased estimator values. The first value is calculated by subtracting one from another
16444: This Python script initializes variables to zero and then increments the appropriate counters based on whether each prediction is correct or not. It returns these counts
16445: This function is used to map the integer codes into their corresponding string representations. If an unknown or invalid input has been provided, it returns 'unknown'
16446: This function returns the session type and attributes of an object.  It takes in six parameters - 'Session', "Type",'Rep Capacity','
16447: If the length of `passParams` is greater than 0 and it does NOT start with '?', then prepends an exclamation
16448: This Python script checks whether the environment variable ' PATH' is set and then splits it into individual paths using ':'. If not found or empty string
16449: This line of the given Python script adds two elements from each list in 'box' and returns their sum.  The first element is added together,
16450: This line of Python script checks whether the given 'year' is divisible by either one hundredth, four hundredsths place value. If it isn
16451: This function returns the day of week as an integer, where Monday is considered to be Day=0. The modulo operator ensures that it wraps
16452: This python script calculates the sum of all items within each date id. It uses dictionary comprehension to iteratively add up values from nested dictionaries
16453: This function returns the result of multiplying 'units' by resolution divided with one thousand, which is used to convert from pixels per unit in screen
16454: This Python function checks whether the input string can be converted to an integer or not. If it cannot, then returns 0; otherwise return its value
16455: This line of Python script adds the second Tensors' values to first, divides each value by two and returns result. The results are stored
16456: This Python script takes an input dictionary, checks whether it contains the key 'panotpo' or any of its subkeys ('Content', etc.),
16457: This is the sum of cubes, which represents an equation. The variables are 'a', ‘b’ and "c". It's
16458: If the value of 'DSI' is ‘or’ to zero and that it equals one then set `LUMPSUmTax`
16459: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two signals based on their standard deviations. If one signal is zero, it returns its own weighting
16460: This Python script repeats the character that has been found most frequently. If multiple characters have same frequency, it returns one with highest priority among them and
16461: This line of Python script converts the input 'fieldKee' to lowercase using an `if` statement and returns it as output; otherwise
16462: This function checks the type of 'last online' and returns an integer value based on its content in days or seconds depending upon whether it was set to
16463: This function checks if there is at least one element with the name equal to "typeName". It does so by iterating over all elements of '
16464: This Python function generates the list of neighbors from given node's topologies and returns it as output." ---> Code Summary - "This
16465: This line of the given C++ program multiplies 'subject' by ‘subjecNum’ and assigns it to variable "Value".
16466: This line of the Python function calculates and returns how much "lost" or less is in percentage compared to its reference. The result will be between
16467: "Implemented a function to calculate the mean of each column in an array" (b).mean()]), and then used it
16468: Normalizes the input x to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum value from each data point, then dividing
16469: A Python script that generates an API call string in JSON format. The input parameters are entity id, type and operations which is then used to form the
16470: This Python function generates all possible sub strings of the given string by using slicing operation on each index from 0 to length -1 and appends
16471: This Python script checks whether the variable 'Sample' is either true or false based on its value, case insensitive to yes/yes and no
16472: A dictionary to map between the two.  Both directions are needed as we need both ways of referencing data in our program, and they're
16473: This line of the given Python script is creating an exact copy, but without "score" key from 'contribution'.  It's returning only
16474: Checks if the given string is alphanumeric. If it's not, returns True; otherwise False – based on whether or no
16475: This Python function generates an array of tuples where each tuple contains three values representing RGB color codes based on the input list 'class ids'.
16476: This Python function increments the value of 'local' by one and then decrement it again. The result is returned as output which can be used
16477: Reset iptable rules to default state. This is done by removing all the current IPTABLERULES and then reloading them
16478: This function returns the next two numbers in sequence. The first number is given as input and its value increases by one to form second output which serves same
16479: This Python script is designed to find the largest power of two that divides into an inputted integer. It does so by starting at 'i'
16480: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called 'attr' which will be used to store the key/value pairs of tags from HTML file as attribute names
16481: If the list is empty, return an emtpy array. Otherwise process each sublist and flatten it into one single line of output using List
16482: Generates list of dictionaries with author's name and email from the given 'authors'.  Each dictionary represents an individual Author object that is
16483: This Python function is used to remove all occurrences of the character '@' in string `s`, and return it as output or original
16484: If the coordinates x, y are both positive values then set 'Check' to false; otherwise do nothing or return current value of Check  Code sn
16485: This Python function checks whether the 'count' variable exists in an object or not and updates it accordingly by either adding to existing value of key ('incre
16486: This function takes in the nodelists and returns them joined by commas as strings using Python's join() method, which is used to concaten
16487: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16488: This line of the given Python script removes all occurrences "-" from list 'sequence'. The function returns two values - updated sequence and its length
16489: Code is used to create an object of type 'MyClass' with properties and methods. The class has two fields, one integer field named "num
16490: This Python script calculates the coordinate of ‘sample’ where it finds one. If no such number is found then returns 'None'. The function
16491: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not. If it'is an emtpy one then returns true else false and vice vers
16492: This program will double the value of 'i' until it reaches or exceeds ‘n’. The variable "I" is used to keep track
16493: This script takes an input of type tuple and returns the contents as well labeled tuples. The function is used to process documents that are stored within
16494: This function calculates the power of an object by multiplying it with itself 'time' number times. The result is returned as output from that calculation
16495: This Python script is used to filter out CBSDs that are part of the PPA cluster from an input list, which includes all available data
16496: This piece of the program multiplies three variables, adds them up and returns their sum. The result is then printed to console using print function in L
16497: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in clockwise order. The rectangle defined by lower left and upper right points is returned as an array with
16498: This line of the given Python script calculates remainder when 'n' is divided by ‘m’. If it results in zero, then returns
16499: This Python script deletes all keys with value 'None' from the dictionary `dic` and returns it as output of function, which means that we
16500: Checks the length of x and its observations, ensuring they are both 3D vectors with one dimension. If not all conditions met - raises an
16501: If the second player's index isn’t defined, it assignes to both positions their respective values. Otherwise; they are calculated as per usual
16502: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input target and its neighboring coordinate, then returns their absolute
16503: This python function sums up the digits of an input string, treating each digit as its value. If it's zero or one then add that
16504: This Python function converts temperature units from Celsius to Fahrenheit and vice versa using the Kelvin scale by mapping them
16505: This script checks whether certain patterns are present within the input string. If any of these specific strings appear, it returns true; otherwise false is returned by
16506: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16507: Returns the name of an input string after removing its first 3 characters. This is done by slicing from index position [0] to end,
16508: This line of Python script generates an HTML input field with the given key and hidden as its attribute. The generated string is then returned by function to be
16509: This Python function is used to set the parameters of an XGBoost model. It takes into account whether there are two classes or more in binary
16510: This function is used to calculate the value of an integer input. If it's less than one sixth, then return that number itself; otherwise check
16511: This Python function generates possible combinations of numbers within the given list 'n' and returns them as tuples. The number combination is generated by adding
16512: This Python script checks whether the string 'resource' is present as either an element of list or not. If it finds any, then returns corresponding model
16513: This line of the given Python script is returning all elements from 'unversioned' that are also present within list comprehension.  It does so
16514: This Python function calculates the remainder of dividing an integer by another. It does so in such way that it always returns positive result, even if
16515: This function calculates the square of each element's absolute value and sums them up. It is used to calculate some form or distance between two points
16516: This function is used to increment the position of an object in some sort. If it reaches either end, then returns back at one point or if there
16517: If the count is less than zero, it raises an error.  This ensures that all counts are nonnegative values and thus valid input to any function
16518: This function calculates the output size of an image after applying convolution operation in CNNs using given parameters such as kernel, and its step value to determine
16519: This function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been processed by Python’s builtin isalnum method to check
16520: If the 'current' value is greater than or equal to an input parameter, it will subtract its own ratio of itself divided by another variable from
16521: This line of Python function returns the ratio between two real numbers. The result is calculated as "real number multiplied by zero" divided with summation
16522: This Python script creates and returns dictionary of parameters based on request params, translating the parameter names to their corresponding values from another dict if they exist within
16523: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with edges from the given edge list. The keys of each entry are tuples representing two
16524: A Python script that creates and returns four variables. The first three are strings; the fourth is an MD5 hashed string of 'Hello'.
16525: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using mathematical functions and returns it as output, which is approximately equal to 'e' raised with n
16526: Checks if the given 'not' condition holds true. If it does, returns True; otherwise False based on whether some of its arguments are missing
16527: This Python function raises an error if the URL contains '/' and splits it into elements, then returns last element of split list or original unmod
16528: This line of the Python script converts RGB values to linear scale. It takes an input tuple 'color' and returns three new tuples with
16529: This Python function finds the length of string with maximum characters. It takes list as input and returns an integer value representing max character count found among all strings
16530: If no argument given or the first one isn't in formatters dictionary and it’s not an executable function then return empty string. Else
16531: This Python function converts all lower case characters in the input string to their corresponding capitalized versions. If an alphabet character is not found, it
16532: This Python function converts the input into lowercase if it is 'True' or upper case when its not, and raises an error otherwise in all
16533: This Python script generates n characters long, randomly chosen from the set of ASCII letters and digtis to form an alphanumeric sequence with length
16534: This line of the Python script checks if main type is either 'image/png', ‘image//jpg’, and '/ image / gif
16535: This function checks if there is any zeroes on the 3x4 matrix. If found, it returns true; otherwise false and ends execution of
16536: This script calculates the percentage of traces that were fit and their overall fitness score from an alignment result set provided as input to it using Python's
16537: This Python function checks the value of 'roll' and returns different strings based on its values. The conditions are as follows - If Roll is less than
16538: This function checks if the input string contains any Chinese characters. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such character exists
16539: This function splits the input string into two parts based on an array bracket, and returns both as output if there is only one part in it
16540: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with data from the 'temp' variable. The keys in our new dict are "Name",
16541: Returns True if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of number is set, else False.  This operation uses AND and shifts to perform
16542: This function checks the validity of date. It accepts three parameters - 'month', and two numeric values representing days within that particular months ('day').
16543: This Python script filters out configurations that do not contain the "platfrom" key or its value is an empty list, and returns only those with
16544: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when 'fact' receives zero, it returns one and stops further
16545: This function checks if the peer id is “three”, which corresponds to '0' in binary representation. If it matches with any of these
16546: This function returns the average of two numbers 'b' and another number named as parameter "c" in Python language, which is halfway between them
16547: This function checks whether the given string is one of several types. It returns true when it finds an exact match, and false otherwise; however only those
16548: This line of the Python function returns halfway between low and high. It uses bitwise right shift operator to divide by 2, which is equivalent
16549: This Python function splits the file's full name into its directory structure, removes one last element from it and joins all elements back together with os
16550: If the variable 'Name' isn’t defined, it returns an empty string; otherwise replaces all spaces with commas and splits into list
16551: This Python function returns the difference between 'assets' and '-intangles'-liables. It is used to calculate net worth of an investment portfolio,
16552: This Python function converts the string s into an integer, then checks if each pair of digits in that number is between one to five. If
16553: This function fetches data from the Publications database in Firebase using Python's pyrealsed library and returns it if successful, otherwise prints
16554: This Python script is used to convert all lowercase characters of the input list into upper case if they are present only once or at start position else it
16555: This Python script checks the difference between two lists and returns them in dictionary format. The first key represents whether it's struct ‘one’ or
16556: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16557: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated value 'new_q' based on current values, reward from each step in learning
16558: This Python function uses bitwise shifting to double the value of 'n' until it reaches 0. The loop continues as long there is still an
16559: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
16560: This function checks if the given word has exactly one vowel or consonant. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
16561: This line of the Python script converts all uppercase characters in string 'v' to lower case and checks if it is either equal ("True")
16562: This Python function strips leading and trailing whitespace from the input string, converts it to an integer if possible without throwing exceptions when not able or
16563: This Python script cleans up the text in an input dictionary by removing unnecessary characters and adding periods at end of each line if they don't already have
16564: This Python script swaps the values of two variables without using an extra variable. The distances list is initialized with zeros and then filled up to match
16565: This function checks whether an object is either owned by Yifee and located in Dion – #1. If it does, the return value
16566: This line of the given Python script returns an array with two elements. The first element is '['+' and second one – value from dictionary
16567: This function checks if the given input is present as an entry of 'ipamConfigSpecialCases' dictionary, and returns its value or lowerc
16568: This line of the script creates an iterable list comprehension that takes each tuple from 'training data' and returns it as two separate lists. The
16569: This Python function calculates the number of full page loads needed to display all items in an object. If no item is present, it returns 1
16570: This function returns the numeric value of an input string. The values are assigned based on how well it matches with some predefined categories, and
16571: 返回一个配置错误的服务可能已被误解。请检查您的代理或网关设置，或者查看`--config help()
16572: "A simple conversion from atomic units to cubic meters."   Explanation:"The given task is about converting some quantity in terms on other unit,
16573: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
16574: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input string is either 'clip' OR another specific word. If it finds any, then returns
16575: This Python function checks whether an input is present within the list of allowed entries. If it's found, returns that value; otherwise defaults to '
16576: This Python function splits the input string on whitespace and returns two values - direction as first element of tuple & Magnitudes in integer form from
16577: This line of the Python script calculates and returns difference between "Exit Index" & “Entry index”. It's used to calculate distance
16578: This is the formula used to calculate distance between two points in 3D space. It's based on Euclidean Distance, but with an
16579: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16580: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. If n is less than smallest and greater or equal to larger then it will be returned else if not so
16581: This piece of the program checks if two bits are set in an integer. The first bit is checked to see whether it's not equal zero,
16582: Checks if the string contains either an opening bracket, closing brace/round parenthesis,""or percent sign.  If so it returns True
16583: This line of the given Python script returns only those elements from 'LB' that are also present within another provided input sequence ('LA'). The result
16584: If the length of string `A` is less than that by comparing characters from two strings. Then it checks if both are equal or one character has
16585: This line of Python script is creating and initializing an object called 'clnsig' with three properties, "Value,""Accessions""and
16586: This line of the given Python script is setting two variables, 'code' and ‘name’. The values are being assigned to these new variable
16587: This function counts the number of nonempty elements within an array. It then divides that count by 'k'. The result is how many times it
16588: This function checks if the number is prime. It returns True only when it's greater than 1 AND every integer from 'p=2 to
16589: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from one of two sets. The resulting 'dict' is then returned by function call
16590: This Python script calculates the average of all values across different keys within 'result' dictionary objects stored inside list named "results". The final output is
16591: If 'value' isn’t provided, it will copy the value from another variable or function and return that copied data as output of your program;
16592: This function returns the URL of an API endpoint in CERN's CondDB system, given its name as input parameter 'name'.  The
16593: This line of the function returns an expression that is equivalent to k plus one divided by M, where 'lambda' and other variables are placeholders representing
16594: This Python script creates two sets of keys from the dictionary 'First HITs' and another one, but only keeps those that are also present within
16595: This line of Python script returns the result from dividing an input number by two. It's essentially converting hours into days, as there are approximately
16596: If the severities list is empty, it returns zero. Otherwise...   [continue]    else {return ${severitise[1]}
16597: This python function calculates the energy shift of an object with given mass and restitution coefficient, which is calculated as square root(m*B^
16598: This Python script calculates the sum of all even numbers up to 'i'. It uses while loop, if condition and variable assignment. The variables are
16599: Checks whether the inputs to function is nonnegative integer. If not it raises an error message "Inputs should be negative/noninteger numbers".
16600: If the length of 'pairs' is more than 2, it multiplies all elements in pairs by their corresponding values. Else return first
16601: This Python function returns the largest power of two that is less than or equal to an input number 'n'. If n equals one, it will return
16602: This function returns the string 'FT' when input is 1, and otherwise it will always output either of two strings. The only difference between these
16603: This Python function calculates the pressure of an object given its radius. The formula used is based on empirical data and may not be accurate in all situations
16604: If the value of 'min' is greater than that stored in memory, it returns an error message.  Otherwise -> continues to execute next line
16605: This program simulates the process of distributing candies to students. It starts with n number and divides it by c, then adds that many
16606: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns as is; if successful - converts and return its value
16607: This Python script converts time in milliseconds to human readable format. It first calculates the number of whole units and then reduces it by
16608: This python script takes three lists as input and returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The operations are performed on each pairwise combination from these inputs
16609: This line of the script is splitting up strings by spaces and removing any empty or special characters from them, leaving only alphanumeric values left to
16610: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16611: This function returns the number '42' in one line. It is an example of Python programming language syntax and structure, with no additional functionality or
16612: A function that returns the "outputs" dictionary' values based on its 'key'. If no such Key exists, it will return `None`
16613: This Python function converts an integer into its corresponding OneHot encoded vector in the list 'universe'. The input is compared with each element of Universe
16614: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16615: This function returns an error object with the provided 'message'.  The purpose of these functions is to provide feedback about what went wrong in executing any part
16616: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns halfway value between two numbers. The result is in Weis, which are one ether'
16617: This function returns the string 'custom.' followed by whatever is passed in as an argument, which will be appended to another part of our URL based
16618: This line of the given Python script checks if 'vcfPhaseSet' variable exists, then assigns it to phase set. If its value
16619: This Python function splits the input string by underscores and then capitalizes each of its first letters using an external method to convert only one character
16620: This line of the given Python script is creating and assigning to 'r' variable. The value assigned here depends on some other variables such as `
16621: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16622: If the current software's major/minor versions are less than 0.1, it returns False; otherwise True or None depending on whether
16623: This line of the given Python script is setting up debugging mode. It's basically telling python to print out all output, including those from functions
16624: This Python function checks the validity of an inputted string that represents either AM or PM, as well validates whether it is within range from midnight to
16625: This Python script converts CSV file row into dictionary format using provided mapping of field name to column index from another table/CSVs and returns the
16626: This Python function calculates the minimum of two numbers and then adds half that result to it. The final output is returned as one line python statement using
16627: This function prints the number of configurations based on whether it is all, min or custom. If not specified in keyword dictionary then default value will be used
16628: This line of the given C++ program is creating an integer variable named "mask" and initializing it with “(1<<pos).”
16629: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16630: This Python script checks whether the given JSON data has an object with that name. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise return empty string and
16631: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16632: This Python function takes an input `T` and checks whether it’s either integer or float type using the builtin python method "isInstance".
16633: This piece of python script checks the aspect ratio between an image's original size ('fit') with its desired final dimensions. If they match perfectly or
16634: Checks whether the first word of each sentence in text is "return". If it's true, returns 'True', otherwise ->False
16635: This function tries to access an attribute of the given object. If it fails with 'Attribute Error', then instead returns empty string which is considered as default
16636: This Python function returns the stripped version of each string that is not empty after splitting by '.' and removing any leading or trailing whitespace using
16637: This function returns the result of dividing num by 'multiple' and then multiplies it with itself to get an integer. The floor() method
16638: This Python function counts the number of times an increase is detected between consecutive measurements. It uses 'float("infinity")' to initialize "prev
16639: If the dictionary of filepaths and methods does not exist, return none. Otherwise find out which one matches with given 'Operation ID'.  Return that
16640: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius and then adds 273.16, which is the
16641: Return “” when the number is less than ten, otherwise it returns '0'. This function does not do anything with its input. It'
16642: This line of the function calculates and returns damage multiplied by count.  It's used to calculate total health points in battle simulation gameplay
16643: This function converts an input to string format. If the type of 'input' object can be converted into tuples/lists then it joins
16644: This line of Python script creates an empty list with three elements all set to zero. It is used as the initial state or template when creating structures within
16645: This function checks whether the input 'Science' score in an integer between [min=34678; max = ~max] range
16646: This Python function takes as input the dictionary 'gra' and returns another two elements list named "edge" which is sorted by value of edges from highest
16647: This Python script converts an integer to its ordinals. It takes the first character of each number and uses it as part or suffix depending on whether
16648: This Python function calculates the value of d^(squared). It is used to calculate distance between two stars in our galaxy, given their veloc
16649: This Python script splits the input string on "||" and then joins each part with an ampersan symbol ("&&") using lambda function
16650: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
16651: This Python function calculates the total value of items by their respective weighted sums. The result is then divided to get an average or mean based on some
16652: This Python function calculates the value of 'D' in terms per cent. It takes as input an integer, multiplies it by one thousand and
16653: This Python script reads through the input string `info` and creates an empty dictionary called "Data". It then splits each line of information by ':
16654: This function calculates the score based on level and points, where each point is worth half of its own value in terms as per tocquage
16655: This line of the given Python script creates an array with size elements, all initialized to ‘zero’. The element at index+1 is then
16656: This Python script splits the input string into three parts and assigns them to different variables, then returns these as parameters in dictionary format with specific keys
16657: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16658: This program creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the characters of input string "magazine". If character is already present as key inside table it
16659: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in space using Euclidean Distance formula and returns both values as output of tuple '(distance_
16660: "A simple Python utility to get documentation strings"  Description:"The main purpose here was just getting started with python's built in tools like do
16661: This Python script creates an empty array and then iterates over the 'len' of each sublist. If it is not at index 0 or
16662: 返回一个包含状态、进度和总数的字典，以及最后一步。如果没有提供步骤信息则不包括在
16663: This Python function calculates the square root of an expression using absolute values and subtraction, addition respectively on two numbers 'abs' is used to get
16664: This line of Python script joins all the elements within 'fixtures' list into one string with colon as separator.  It then converts that
16665: This line of the given Python script returns all non-"Task Running" statuses from 'tasks' dictionary.  It uses lambda function to
16666: This function checks whether the string is enclosed in double quotes. If it'is, then returns original unmodified; otherwise return only content within
16667: This Python script sorts the list of dictionary objects by their 'date' field in descending order using pop and append methods, without modifying original data
16668: This function calculates the grayscale value of an RGB image by applying some weighted averages to its components, then normalizes it between [min
16669: This function checks the first character of an input string, and returns everything after it until its closing curly brace is found or end og line reached
16670: This Python function takes an integer array and converts it to its corresponding character representation. The conversion is done by mapping each number in the input into their
16671: This function checks whether the string 's' is either equal to one of two specific strings. If it does, then return true; otherwise false or
16672: This Python script creates an empty array, then fills it with the binary representation of numbers from input until no more can be produced due to overflowing integer
16673: Returns the id and region 1 of an object. The 'width' is not returned as it can be inferred from other data points in context
16674: This line of the given Python script counts and returns how many dots are in its input string, which is assumed to be an empty or null value if
16675: This function calculates the absolute difference between two domains' coordinates.  The result is returned as an integer value, which represents how far apart they are
16676: If the first value is greater than second one then it swaps them. Return both values in tuple format after performing operation on their respective variables and returning
16677: This Python function checks the type of input and converts it to appropriate data types. If not possible or invalid inputs are provided then returns `None`
16678: This function checks the type of an object. If it's not false or true then returns that value along with two default values; otherwise depending on
16679: This line of the script retrieves all file names from an API call to get "files" data, and returns them in list format if available;
16680: This function checks if the input string `::String` has no whitespace at start and returns its count of nonwhitespaces, or zero in
16681: This function takes an email as input and returns the domain name of that mail. It does so by splitting it at ""@" symbol then taking second
16682: This function takes in an input string, converts it to its equivalent of the given language's case. It uses builtin functions like 'upper
16683: This line of the script returns an item's type and index as concatenated string.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in various parts
16684: Returns the difference between Squared Sum of Rows and Variance.  This is used in calculating confidence intervals, etc..   [...]
16685: This line of Python script uses the builtin 'import' statement to include modules in your program, and then utilizes another module called "Time"
16686: If the 'height' is less or equal to three, it raises an error. Otherwise; checks whether length of string `str` exceeds given limit
16687: This Python function calculates the weighted sum of an input vector, with each weight corresponding to its position and adds another constant value at end which is also
16688: This Python function assigns different ratings to scores based on the given conditions. If 'score' is less than 0 or more that equal/than
16689: This function checks whether the input `is instance of` or 'inherits from' another class. If it does not check further conditions; otherwise
16690: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of linear regression given two points. The equation is derived from basic algebra operations on vectors in 3
16691: This python script is used to perform bitwise operations on the given 'Position' variable. The result of these operation are stored in different variables and printed
16692: This line of Python script replaces all spaces, commas and parentheses in the 'licenseDesc', replacing them with dashes to create an
16693: If the given 'color' is black and its corresponding value in RGB space equals to zero. Then it checks whether that same condition applies with another variable
16694: If the value of 'int' is less than zero, it will be converted to negative.  Code snippet that handles such cases in an
16695: This line of the program calculates and returns 'k' times ('(', 3rd element in list, '- ', second one)' minus')
16696: This function checks whether the input value 'val' falls within two given limit values. If not, it returns an error status of "1". Otherwise
16697: This Python function checks if the input value is within range of [0,  3[ and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it's
16698: This Python script splits the input string into individual phrases and then reverses any phrase that is longer than 4 characters long using map function in combination
16699: This function takes two parameters - service and type. It returns the concatenation of these 3 strings in order to form an URL path using them as
16700: This function checks if the point is within one of two boxes. The first parameter represents an axis aligned bounding rectangle, while second paramter represent
16701: This line of the given Python script checks whether an input array contains only integers or floats and returns its value raised to power ten divided by one hundred
16702: This Python script converts the given 3D matrix into one dimensional array by iterating over each element of Matrix Object data and appending it to
16703: This function takes two parameters, the first is an array of integers and returns one integer. The second parameter represents which subscript to use in accessing elements
16704: This line of Python script copies the data from 'proc_data' dictionary and deletes certain keys "schema", “Type”, &amp
16705: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at "/" and converts them to integers respectively if they are single numbers; otherwise it returns
16706: This line of the Python script is creating an entry in JSON format. The address and name are passed as parameters to create one single string that represents each
16707: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses looping to multiply all numbers from 0 up until and including that
16708: This function returns an integer that indicates whether the input is less than zero or greater. If it's negative, then its result will be '-1
16709: Calculates the average of four grades and rounds it up to nearest whole number. If one or more input is less than zero then returns "Invalid Input
16710: Returns true if the function 'status' is equal to 0. Otherwise, it returns false or throws an error message depending on what happens in case
16711: Checks if two bounding boxes are overlapping. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned by the function "isOverl
16712: This Python function calculates the distance from an arbitrary given data to any other line on screen using its equation and returns it as output in one single statement
16713: This Python function calculates the delta between two boxes based on their half widths and returns it as an output of 'return'. The values are calculated
16714: This Python function calculates the number of differences between two sequences. It compares each pair element from both lists and increments 'distance' if they
16715: This Python script splits the file name into parts, then takes last part and removes extension from it to get number of spins in an image or any
16716: This function checks whether the input string starts with or ends in double quotes, single quote characters; If so it returns only content between these two character types
16717: This Python function converts input into its Boolean equivalent or raises an error when it cannot do so due either of the conditions mentioned above – 'True
16718: This function returns the JSON data from an API endpoint.  The input is expected to be in string format, and it will parse that into Python'
16719: This Python script calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of two bounding boxes. The function takes in four parameters, each representing one corner point on either
16720: This Python script splits the string 'HOSTNAME_PORT' into two parts using colon as separator and assigns them to variables respectively -
16721: This Python function tries to assign the value of "other register['sound'] [1]" into 'cur instruction' and if it fails, returns '-
16722: If the value of variable 'B' equals to an astrisk (*), return true. Else check whether its type matches either tuples/
16723: This Python function splits the string of file names into separate elements, then returns their count if successful; otherwise it will return zero as an indication that
16724: This Python function takes as input the dictionary `posdict` and returns another dict where each value is filtered by an additional set of keys specified with '
16725: This Python function finds the closest number to 'value' from an array of numbers using iteration and comparison with absolute difference between each element & its decimal part
16726: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16727: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was run through one of many different versions or translations. The main purpose
16728: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases as there are no conditions to
16729: This Python function is used to find the shortest path from source node 's' towards destination ‘d’. The nodes are represented as t
16730: This Python function calculates the nth FIBonacci number. If 'n' is less than zero, it returns '-1'. For
16731: This line of the Python script checks if string _str is not equal to 'False'. It converts all characters in lowercase and then compares
16732: This line of the Python script initializes an array with values from 9 to -4 in steps ranging up by .3, resulting into [8
16733: This function calculates the force of gravity between two objects. The formula used is F = G * ((m1*m2)/(r^
16734: This Python script splits the input string into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary items with no duplicates removed from command line arguments using filter
16735: This function checks if the given 'identifier' starts with "urn:nasa:pd". It returns True or False based on whether it is true
16736: This function takes in seconds and returns the equivalent time as hours minutes & second. It uses Python's builtin 'divide by', which is
16737: This Python function attempts conversion of input string into Boolean value using lower case method and exception handling mechanism if the provided argument is neither 'True', nor'
16738: This Python script uses list comprehension to create an array of numbers, where each number is the result from multiplying its corresponding input by some factor '
16739: Returns the string's word list. The function splits on non-\word characters and returns only one element of that array/list which is always
16740: This line of the program calculates and returns two values. The first value is an integer that represents how many times 'grid' fits into one full
16741: If 'zz' is zero, it assigns the value of ‘y’ to variable "xxx" and returns. Otherwise return current values in
16742: This script creates three sets and populates them with data from the 'records' dictionary using keys as identifiers to add items into these collections respectively
16743: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its maximum amount, interest rate and annual compounding frequency. The formula used is derived from financial
16744: This function checks if the input is either 'Blog' or ‘Ignore’, otherwise it throws an error. The purpose of these two options
16745: Removes the '<>' from user ids.  It is used to remove @ and # symbols in discord message IDS which are not
16746: This line of the Python script is reassigning values to variables. The new value assigned are 'alpha' and ‘beta’ which were previously
16747: This program calculates the cumulative total of all numbers from 1 to 'N' that are multiples or less than N and K. The
16748: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an array with length equal to number or profile pluggins, where each element is calculated as
16749: If the input 'Value' isn’t provided, it will return “ <none> ”. Otherwise , convert and provide back as string format
16750: This function takes an input string and returns the same case as it is. It does not perform any operations on strings, but simply converts them to
16751: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16752: This function returns the length of an input argument.  It's used to determine how many elements are in something, like list or string data types
16753: If the type of 'fmt' is an array, it will convert all elements to digits and NaNs. Otherwise returns error message "
16754: This Python function calculates the number of matching references and hypotheses. It does so by comparing each reference with its corresponding hypothesis, then sums up all
16755: If frequency is less than 89, it returns 'low' decimation factor; otherwise depending on the range of frequencies in which that particular value
16756: If the string s has only one character, it returns True. Otherwise False is returned by function check_palindrome().  This checks whether or
16757: This Python script counts the frequency of each word in an input text file. It uses 'collections' module to count frequencies and then prints out these
16758: This function calculates the value of an expression based on three arguments and returns it as one number using some mathematical operations in Python language."  (
16759: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It is used in various algorithms and computations involving
16760: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type or class instance of integer and returns formatted string with digits only in case it’s
16761: This line of the given Python script is decrementing two variables 'x' and ‘y’ by one. If condition c isn`t
16762: This function returns the coordinates of rectangle defined by four points.  The first two elements are x and y, respectively; then three more values represent z
16763: This script is used to update the current version of an application using git and gitflow workflows in python environment – Version number will be automatically updated
16764: This function returns the average of input and its absolute value, which is half that original number in magnitude but with an opposite sign if it's negative
16765: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value by converting float time to milliseconds. The 'floor' function is used in order not
16766: This function calculates the Jacobi symbol of an integer. It is used to determine whether or not two numbers are coprime and thus can be
16767: This line of the program is moving in one dimension depending on which way it's facing. It either adds or subtract from an existing value based
16768: This Python function returns the result of multiplying three  matrices together. The first and third elements are multiplied with each other, then second is used
16769: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16770: This script is used to find the families that have different counts of family members from two databases and return them as list named "faulityFamil
16771: This function converts the input argument to uppercase if it is one of predefined streams, otherwise returns unchanged string as lower case or original value
16772: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the parameters 'num1' and "+" operator, then returns their summation as an
16773: This is an example of Python function that multiplies all elements within the list 'shape' and returns their product. The variable "s" starts with
16774: This is an example of how to calculate the cube root and check if it's equal.  It uses bitwise operators, but also demonstrates
16775: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many tiles should be divided into. The number is determined by taking
16776: This function takes an string as its parameter and returns the first character of that 	input. If there is no such char, it will return "
16777: This Python function finds the first occurrence of "[" and then returns all characters before it, if there is no other bracket found after that one;
16778: This Python function calculates the similarity between two lists of strings. It counts how many common elements are there and then divides it by total number to
16779: This Python script takes an input string, where each word is separated by underscores and converts the first letter of every second one to uppercase
16780: This line of Python script calculates the quotient and floor division between two variables. The result is stored in another variable, 'return'ed'.
16781: This function replaces keys from one dictionary with corresponding values of another given list and returns the new modified dictionaries as output." (END OF
16782: This function returns the string repeated p times.  It's similar to Python built in repeat() method, but it doesn’t use any extra
16783: This function checks whether the given 'Event' object contains exactly one record from an AWS SNS topic. If it does, then returns true; otherwise
16784: Converts Celsius to Farenheight with given base temperatures and returns the result of conversion formula in Python language using basic arithmetic operations on
16785: This function scales the input value between two ranges. It's useful when you want to map an arbitrary range of values onto another, but don’
16786: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the sum, product or any other operation based on what is passed as parameter to it in string format "
16787: This script is used to filter out the paths that have z coordinates between 98% of their maximum value, which are considered as the "safe
16788: If the 'content' variable is empty, it returns zero. Otherwise - continues with other operations as per requirement in your program logic..::String
16789: This Python function converts all the input string to lowercase and checks if it is one of four common boolean values, returning true or false accordingly based
16790: This function returns the value of 'version' based on its numerical representation. If it is between versions [3,6], return "low". El
16791: Create an empty list called "keep" to store the values of all elements in array1 that are not present within another given set. ...
16792: This script appends the same value to both lists of items until all values are processed and then it ends with an empty list which is not used anywhere
16793: This function checks whether the given input is either an empty string, list with only one element containing space (" ") and/or it's None.
16794: If the user has not selected any option, return true. Otherwise check conditions based on whether they have already been to certain pages or made changes in those
16795: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
16796: This function calculates the Fibo number using recursion. The base case is when 'N' equals to 0 or less, it returns
16797: This Python function returns the coordinates of an X/O or Y/-axis based on its name. The names are case sensitive and can be either '
16798: This Python function checks if the given 'd' dictionary has any of three keys, and returns their corresponding values. If not found it will return an
16799: This is the formula used in many physics simulations, specifically those involving light and matter. It's named after an expression that describes how much energy or
16800: This Python script is used to create an output dictionary that contains the hits list. The 'res' variable represents some data, and it has been processed
16801: This script checks if the number of unique elements are either all or none within each category from 'cards' list ie., color/ numbers /
16802: This Python function takes an input string, sorts the characters in alphabetical order and returns them as one line.  It uses builtin python functions
16803: This function calculates the inverse of an equation based on elapsed time difference between two points in space, with some arbitrary constant factor applied to it and
16804: If the unit is not printed, return its value as string else just print it in format of "Value Unit".  This function will be used to
16805: This Python function normalizes the RGB values of an image by converting it to Linear Lightness model if its value is less than or equal zero,
16806: This function checks if all elements of the first inputted array is present as an element within another. If it finds one, then returns True; otherwise
16807: This line of the Python script checks if two values are close to each other. If they're closer than 0, it returns True; otherwise
16808: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
16809: This function retrieves the previous item from an ordered list of steps. If there's no prior element it returns 'None'. Otherwise return that value
16810: Checks if the last 8 characters of an eBay URL are 'vtmn'. This is done by comparing them to specific strings. If they
16811: Returns 'true' if x is greater than five, else returns false. This function will always output either true or zero but never two of the same
16812: A dictionary of brands with their respective details in Python using the Dictionary data type and nested dictionaries as values – Briefly describes what each line
16813: This Python script deletes duplicate values from the list of group names. It uses two nested loops to iteratively compare each pair and delete any duplicates
16814: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the largest number in that list. It uses JavaScript's builtin 'reduce()', which applies
16815: This Python function checks if the values of dictionaries are within certain constraints. It first divides 'bs' dictionary by four, then multiplies it
16816: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the common elements of both list using set intersection operation which is faster than looping through each element
16817: This Python script reverses the DNA sequence and then transcribs it to RNA by replacing all occurrences of nucleotides G, A
16818: Iterates over the 'archive' posts and groups them by year with empty lists of corresponding month names as values; if new years or different from previous
16819: This Python script converts the input dictionary into another format using list comprehension and string conversion functions to create lists of strings from each value associated with keys
16820: This Python script counts the number of matches between two lists. It uses nested loops to compare each element from both list and count how many there are that
16821: This function takes an input string, converts it to its integer representation and returns the result as tuples.  It's used by other
16822: This Python function takes as input the list of strings 'monitorTags' and returns an object that maps each unique value from these string to another one,
16823: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variables 'maxX' & ‘minY’, which represent maximum X value in both
16824: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns the smallest number that is obtained by multiplying both inputs with 'n' while also taking into account
16825: This Python function calculates coefficients of Convectives equations based on input dimension ('dim'). If dim is ‘'one_dimensional’', it
16826: This Python script calculates the average of an array. The result is rounded to zero decimal places and returned as output from function 'average'. It
16827: This Python function translates the ISO 14870 language codes to their corresponding English names. It uses an if/else statement and three
16828: Checks if " __ access ", and the action is present within it. If either of these conditions are true, returns True; otherwise False –
16829: This function checks if two arguments are the same length by comparing their lengths. If they're not equal it returns False; otherwise - True after checking
16830: If the 'denominatore' is zero, return "None". Otherwise calculate and returns its quotient.  This function will not work with
16831: This function checks whether the given object or string represents an expression that calls comparison operation in Python language using `isInstance` method of python builtin functions
16832: This Python script creates two paths by concatenating the given 'base' directory with '/incomes/', and another one to store data related in their
16833: This line of the script splits 'group' by '.', and then joins it back with its length up to 1st two characters if they
16834: This line of Python script replaces all underscores in the input string with spaces, effectively converting it to camel case formatting if needed later
16835: This Python script splits each string from the list into individual word, then adds them to an array and removes duplicates by converting it back onto its
16836: This function converts time in the format HHMMSS to seconds. It checks whether it's valid or not and then returns converted value accordingly
16837: If the lengths of strings 'S' and ‘T’ are different, return false. Otherwise check each character from string S against corresponding characters at
16838: If the input is of one byte, it returns its raw integer. Otherwise - depending on how many bytes are in use by 'size', performs bit
16839: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input `namelist` and adds each item to our newly created "one line
16840: This Python function filters out the IDs that are present both as annotations and XML. It does so by checking if each element of 'annotation'
16841: If the result of 'partition' function isn’t none then return it. Else check whether an element in list exists and its position; else
16842: If the word sets of two representations are similar, merge them. Otherwise add to one's list; 'similarity'.  This is done by
16843: This function splits the string into two parts at ':' and returns second part of split, or original input when no colon is found; otherwise it
16844: This is an example of CSRF token. It's used to protect against Cross Site Request Forgery attacks." 	%> %
16845: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding value from two predefined lists. The first list is {[64789
16846: This line of the program is setting up two boxes with their respective coordinates and dimensions. The variables are then used to calculate other values such as center points
16847: This Python function returns '+' or '-', depending on the value of variable "x". If X is greater than, equal to zero it will
16848: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16849: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer that represents how many bits are set in 'n' by using bitwise AND operation with
16850: This function calculates the sum of squares using bitwise operations. The input is an integer, and it returns another one as well in Int31
16851: This Python script pads the version number with leading zeros to reach an exact length of 4 digits, if it's not already at that
16852: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
16853: This program calculates the sum of each digit raised to its power. The input is an integer and it returns another number that represents their digital sums'
16854: This function calculates the slope of an equation based on two points in 3D space, given by 'data' and its surrounding three neighbors ('
16855: If x is less than threshold, it returns True; otherwise if the result of -log(threshold)/ln_base > 3 then falls back
16856: If the length of 'word1' is greater than that by any amount in both directions. Swap them so they are sorted alphabetically or
16857: This Python function checks the first few characters of an input string to determine whether it is http, https or localhost and returns only its remaining part after those
16858: This function checks whether the input 'Value' has four or more elements of type integer. If it does not have exactly three integers then returns false;
16859: This is an implementation of the "Moving Average" algorithm. The average value calculated by adding up all numbers in each row and column, then
16860: This line of the program creates two strings, one with double underscores before and after each other. The second string is also surrounded by another pair
16861: This Python function checks whether the input `is instance of string` and then either returns it as such or removes ASCII characters from an even length strings
16862: This function checks whether the sides of an equilateral triangle can form or not.  If all three are positive, it returns true; otherwise false
16863: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using string methods and list comprehension instead to achieve it
16864: This function converts temperature from Reauman scale to Kelvin, then adds 273.16 which is the freezing point
16865: This Python script checks the input file name to determine which type of network architecture is being used. It recognizes three types - dgcNN,
16866: This Python script tries to read the contents of an inputted filename from user and then encodes it in Base 64 format if its path starts
16867: This function calculates the square of error in percentage. It takes two parameters, 'sl' and ‘error’ which represent slope limit(SL
16868: If the list of segments is empty, return zero. Otherwise calculate total length from first segment'length'. Eliminates any None values present at start
16869: A function that searches through the given 'search space' and returns an element if it finds one with attribute equal to provided "Value". If not found
16870: If the attribute "X" does NOT exist within `Data` object then return Data else check whether it’s an instance of List and convert to
16871: This line of the Python function calculates how much "good" or useful an individual is based on their coherence score. The higher value indicates better
16872: This line of Python script replaces all commas and hyphens in the variable 'name' with underscores, making it suitable to be used
16873: This script retrieves lifecyle and default fixtures from the configuration file, if they exist; otherwise it will skip these steps to avoid errors during
16874: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same as it is. It does not do anything with that data, but instead joins all
16875: Checks if the input string is numeric. If it's, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on whether there are non
16876: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16877: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is '(`&' operator)'s result and it has been shifted to be
16878: This function calculates the power of an integer in modular arithmetic. If 'k' is zero it returns one and otherwise computes n^((
16879: This function replaces all occurrences of '**' in the string with whatever is inside third group () using Python regular expression module re and its
16880: This program splits the string 'location' by ':', then takes second part of split, and further divides it into two parts using '/'.
16881: This function finds the category with maximum 'x' value among all given categorical variables, if there are multiple such values it returns one of them randomly
16882: Returns the value and 'zero' as strings. 1 line of Python function that returns two values, one being an integer type variable named `val
16883: This Python function calculates the heat transfer coefficient, h in SI units based on specific thermal conductivity and surface area of an object at given temperatures using
16884: This function takes an 'InputName' as its parameter, checks the length of that name and returns it directly in case less than 6 characters long
16885: This Python script calculates the number of zero occurrences per each unique nonzero occurrence list item from 'co_occur' dictionary and returns
16886: This function is used to calculate the number of steps required in logarithmic scale. It takes two parameters, base and step size which are both integers or
16887: This line of the program is setting up two variables to hold coordinates from different arrays. The first pair represents an eye's position in image space and
16888: This function scales the size of an image by keeping its aspect ratio constant. It calculates two scaling factors and chooses one based on which is smaller
16889: This line of the Python script splits "file_name" by its last dot and returns only part before it, which is considered as filename without
16890: This function returns the file extension of an input video filename using Python's built in 'os', and '.splittext()'.  It splits
16891: If not empty, it returns the LaTeX body with prefix and suffix. Else depending on which one is nonEmpty - It will either just
16892: This Python function takes an input string "Name", checks the first 4 characters of it to see whether they are exactly equal with letters from Data at
16893: If the "abstract" key exists in either of these three keys, then print out an error message. Otherwise continue with execution as normal; otherwise
16894: This script counts the number of times each email address appears as "Host". It then returns these count values.  The dictionary 'ho...' is
16895: This Python script replaces all zeros with the string 'NaN' using list comprehension.  It uses an index to access each value and
16896: This is an equation that calculates the probability of success in binary search. The formula involves logarithmic and exponential calculations, with '(a/b
16897: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16898: This function calculates the next time step of an ODE system. It takes as input two parameters, 'tn' and ‘dtdot
16899: This Python script is used to extract the name and telephone number from an AWS Lambda function's API Gateway HTTP event. The extracted data are
16900: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of an equation y=mx+c, given two points in 3D space with x values
16901: This function checks if the last character of 'line' is an equals sign (' ='). If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None
16902: This python script calculates the sum of all elements and flips them. It uses two variables to keep track if an element is being added or subt
16903: If the number of bathrooms equals zero, one and two respectively. Otherwise it returns three in case there are at least 'three' bedrooms; otherwise
16904: This function takes in three parameters, adds them together and returns the result. It's called "add_three".  The names of these variables
16905: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16906: This function checks if the given numbers satisfy certain conditions. The three parameters are modulo of four, and their difference is odd or even respectively; it
16907: This Python script generates an array of values that are uniformly distributed between the range [min='start', 'end'] with equal spacing. The
16908: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input and performs an update operation on the first dictionary based off of another one provided by 'updates'. The original
16909: This Python script splits the input strings into sets, then finds common elements between them and returns their ratio as an integer value in one line of output
16910: This function returns the class and text of an object. The output is in list format with two elements, "Class" & 'Text'.  It
16911: If the resource is processing, return false; otherwise check whether it's cached and returns its Cacheability flag as lowercase string without any special characters
16912: This script trains the agent using Deep Q Network. The parameters are set to default values and can be adjusted as per requirements in each run of training process
16913: This function converts the data type of an input to its corresponding OpenCL equivalent. If it's not one that is supported, returns 'None
16914: This function returns the category of an asset based on its value. It checks each condition in order and stops at first match, so it's more
16915: If no data was provided, return an empty dictionary.  Otherwise it will provide the number of entries in 'data' and their corresponding values as well
16916: This function manipulates the value of 'X' by performing bitwise operations. If X is greater than or equal to hexadecimal number F
16917: This function returns one when the input number is less than ten, and zero otherwise in Python programming language using conditional statement 'if' or ternary
16918: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is equal to one less than its square root, rounded down using floor function from
16919: This line of the Python script checks whether 'code' is equal to one value. If it does not match any case in its list then raises an
16920: The first element of the list is zero and all other elements are positive numbers in scientific notation which represent some kind or measure related to the size/scale
16921: This function is used to solve the "climbing stairs" problem, which involves counting ways you can reach an nth stair. The number of
16922: This function calculates the value of 'low' and 'high', then scales them based on their percentage. The result is an integer between "min
16923: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The left shift operator '<<' shifts bits to make space at
16924: This Python script fetches bio assays from Toxicology – Task Names API and returns only those whose name contains 'BIOASSAY'.
16925: This function initializes default values to the variables 'None' and empty dictionaries. It also sets up other required parameters as defaults in case they are
16926: If the lengths of formatted MAC addresses are not equal, then they cannot possibly be equivalent. Return False as these two mac address formats do no match with
16927: If the second element in 'parameter list' is not zero, it will return third item from that. Otherwise returns default value 3476
16928: This Python function takes an integer input 'seconds' and converts it into hours minutes & second format. It uses the builtin `divmodule`
16929: If the character at index i in string 'a' is an empty space, it will pop from stack s; otherwise push to Stack S with value
16930: Checks the given DNA Sequence to make sure it's in correct format. If not throws an error exception stating that "length" is supposed
16931: This line of the given Python script creates an array 'W' with n elements, where each element is ‘[1 / sum_of_(
16932: This script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The input is four points that define each rectangle in 3D space and returns their common area as
16933: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an AI value based on velocity, power(v), ratio. The formula is as follows -
16934: This line of Python script joins the lines in an input file with spaces between each word, effectively splitting and joining them into one string without any extra space
16935: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16936: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
16937: This function pads the input string with equal signs to make its total width divisible by four. If it's already padded, then just returns
16938: This Python function returns the string representation of an SVG polygon. The coordinates are given as parameters and formatted in such way that it can be used directly
16939: This line of Python function converts all lowercase characters in the string to upper case letters using builtin method "text".lower().  It'
16940: This Python function takes two arguments, converts them to floats and performs arithmetic operations on the resultant values of adding ‘one’ more
16941: This function takes in the path of repository and returns only its name after removing "repositories/" from it, which is common practice when dealing with
16942: This function calculates the modular inverse of 'pow' in Python. It takes three arguments and returns one value which is its modulus with respect to
16943: This function returns the string './grap' followed by an input x. The output is then used to create and save graph images in different directories based
16944: This Python function counts the number of characters in an input word. The result is then printed to console using '*'. 	Example usage ->
16945: This Python script raises an exception if the number or length is not matching between lists.  It checks whether all sublists have same size, else it
16946: This function calculates the ratio of visible band 3 to NIR. The formula is swirl = RED/NIR, where SWRL
16947: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16948: This Python script splits the given string into individual word and counts how many times each of these unique terms appears in it, returning them as dictionary with
16949: This function returns 'Buz' if the input is divisible by five, else it just an empty string. Code snippet to be used
16950: This line of the given Python script is creating two lists, 'list1' and ‘List’. If both are empty it will return an
16951: If the entity exists, drop it. Otherwise do nothing or raise an error depending on whether to continue with exception handling is enabled/disabled in settings file
16952: This line of Python script adds two arrays together.  It's very simple and efficient, but it doesn’t provide any additional information or context
16953: This Python function takes an attribute name as input, searches through all elements of the given list 'elems' to find any element that has it set
16954: A function that maps callsigns to their corresponding numbers in the dictionary and returns them if they exist or 'None' otherwise based on provided call sign
16955: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
16956: This Python function calculates the x and y coordinates of an object's center from its moment data if it has nonzero mass or else returns
16957: This function calculates an effective temperature factor, which is used in thermodynamic equilibrium calculations. The formula given here takes into account that one of them
16958: This line of the Python script converts two elements in an array to integers. The first element is converted into integer and assigned as 'int' variable
16959: This function returns the type of cycle based on an input. If no match is found, it defaults to 'cycles'.  The arguments are as
16960: This Python function calculates the surface area of an ellipsoid given its moduli and height. The formula used is derived from physics, specifically
16961: This Python function breaks up the input string into lines of at most 69 characters long, and then concatenates these to form one final result.
16962: This function returns 'True' or "False" based on whether the values of two variables are equal. If they aren’t, it will simply
16963: This Python function checks whether the input 'x' is zero. If it isn’t z/y then returns minimum of two values else return
16964: This Python function calculates the factorial of n. The number 'k' is used to determine how many terms are included when calculating Factorial and
16965: This function converts the size of data into bytes. It checks whether `split_size`` ends up being string and raises an error when it'
16966: This Python script merges all the keys from dictionaries within an inputted 'lists of dictonary' and sorts them, removing duplicates using
16967: This Python script returns the flattened list by using nested loops. It iterates over each inner lists and then through every single element within those internal
16968: This function is used to model the behavior of an object at different times. It has three parts, each with its own condition and return value based on
16969: A dictionary that stores the scores of students in different subjects. The keys are student names and values represent lists with their respective subject score pairs as tup
16970: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to '(number -  4)' that are multiples or divisors. The
16971: This function checks if the maximum of one string is less than minimum value from another. If it'is true then returns True else False – based
16972: This Python function calculates the sum of three numbers and checks if it is divisible by six, with an additional condition that each number in relation to
16973: This function checks if the input string contains any non numeric characters. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there are
16974: This Python script creates two lists from the dictionary 'poly' where one is keys and other are values, then it filters out any value that has more
16975: This Python script creates an empty matrix with the specified number of rows and columns. The elements inside are all set to ‘zero’ by default,
16976: This function calculates the value of an optical flow metric. The input parameters are n, m and p which represent number channels in image XYZ
16977: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
16978: This function tries to convert the input 'value' into an integer. If successful, it returns true; otherwise false is returned and exception occurs if value
16979: This line of Python script calculates the ratio 37% out from an initial value, which is then multiplied by another variable to get its
16980: This line of the Python function returns how many spaces are at either end in string s, which is equivalent to counting leading and trailing whitespace characters
16981: This Python function generates an array of indices based on the number 'natom' and multiplier value from another list called "des". The index is
16982: This Python function checks if every row and column of the given 3x6 array is identical. It does so by comparing each element with its corresponding
16983: Returns the "inputArtifaect" from dictionary 'data'.  This is an example of how to access nested dictionaries in Python. It'
16984: This function returns different shades of blue based on the input color value. The colors are represented as integers in range [0, ...]. If an invalid
16985: This line of Python script returns the alphabetic and numeric characters from one string, sorted by their index.  It uses map() function
16986: This function calculates the remainder of private exponent divided by one less than prime number.  It is used in RSA encryption algorithm to ensure that encrypted
16987: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with numbers from i to the end of each 'step' value using extend method which is used
16988: This line of the Python script is changing file extension from .jpg to another format (.rsb). The condition checks if an inputted string ends with
16989: If the number of account is zero, returns index. Else it checks whether 'deploy' has been set to 1 and in that case
16990: This Python function checks the length of dialogues in an inputted json. If it's not 1, then raises exception with message "Single
16991: This function calculates and returns an integer representing how far away or close we are with respecting our target, given that it is within range 0
16992: If the value of 'x' is less than '-1', return {'name': ('Deep Water'), color =(rgb values)}. El
16993: If the last element of 'state' is equal to "bestAngle", return reward, else - penalty.  This function checks whether or not
16994: This Python script creates three lists and populates them with elements from the input variables 'zip' of tuples where each tuple contains 3 items
16995: A function that takes an array of dictionaries and returns the dictionary with keys as values from each input dict.  The result is then sorted by key
16996: This function takes in the name of an input file, and returns its output path. The base directory is ""./output" followed by whatever comes
16997: If the CLI credentials are provided, it will set them into configuration. 1/3 of lines related to checking and setting up user authentication information
16998: This Python script creates and returns the status of each Volume object from an input list. It then checks if every single one is either 'Available', or
16999: This Python function calculates the number of ways to choose elements from n items taken d at each possible combination and multiplies them together before returning their total
17000: This Python script is used to generate the URLs of Hearthstone decks based on their page numbers in an online resource called 'Heroes
17001: This line of the program assigns values to variables. The first value is assigned from variable 'p' and then reused in both assignments with another
17002: If LRS is 1, it returns the sum of RHs. Else throws an exception "Cannot divide by Zero". Otherwise just
17003: This line of the given python script splits an input string "DomainTableName_" into two parts using underscore (_). The second part is then
17004: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an error rate. The difference between observed results compared to theoretical values is divided by total number 'N
17005: This line of the Python script calculates gamma as an exponential function, which is equivalent to dividing Eta by its initial value and then taking exp
17006: This Python script calculates the derivative of two functions using finite difference method. The parameters are defined as follows; alpha(alp), beta(bet
17007: This Python script multiplies all the numbers found within an input string using "*". The result is returned as 'int' type, which can be
17008: This line of Python script converts the list 'items' into dictionary format. The keys are IDs and values from original "items" array,
17009: This Python script splits the file name into its components, then returns either just that component or two if there are more than one part in case of
17010: This function returns the ARN of an AWS Geospatial service geo fencing resource. The parameters are 'region', and ‘account id
17011: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17012: This Python function generates the vertices of an equilateral triangles. The input is 'face', which determines whether to generate even or odd numbers as
17013: This line of the Python script converts an eRTD value to its raw form, then rounds it off and finally divides by ten thousand.
17014: If the input values are not valid, returns an error.  The first condition checks that 'n' is less than one and second check verifies
17015: This Python script calculates the values of three variables and prints them out in descending order using numpy library's sort function, then prints these
17016: This function calculates the value of an investment based on compound interest formula, where r is annual rate and t represents time in years to complete compounding
17017: Creates dictionary from list of dictionaries.  Code is used to create an empty Python Dictionary and then populates it with data provided by the '
17018: This Python function returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are not provided it will return 'None'.  The else clause handles when one or more
17019: If the environment variable W2V_PATH is unset or doesnt point at an existing directory then it will print out error message and terminates
17020: This Python function calculates the amount of "energy" in Joules based on distance. The formula is derived from physics, where it represents how
17021: This function calculates the average of all "Averag" values from given dictionary list.  It uses Python's builtin 'sum',
17022: This Python function calculates the required speed of sound in water using an equation based on specific values provided by user, namely 'cappa' and
17023: This Python script removes specific repositories from the list. The 'repositorie' object is assumed to be an array of dictionaries, where each
17024: This Python function converts an input number to string format with leading zeros, but only when the length of that digit is less than or equal
17025: This Python script iterates over the items of dictionary 'b' and adds them to another dictonary named "A" if they are keys that
17026: This function checks whether the input is either 'True' or ‘False’, and converts it to its boolean equivalent otherwise returns original value as
17027: This function checks if the number is prime. It returns "False" when it finds an integer that divides evenly into 'n' and thus
17028: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on '.' and returns second part of it if there is more than one, otherwise return original
17029: Creates dictionary with keys as type names and values being lists of lowercase stripped keywords.  Code is written to handle multiple different data structures,
17030: This Python script converts each character from the list of ASCII values to its corresponding string representation. The function 'bit\_charcatero str
17031: This Python function generates an array of the same length as input 'width' with all elements being singular string "Singlar".  It is used to
17032: Creates an AWS Lambda function's input data structure.  The request context, headers and path parameters are filled in automatically by the serverless
17033: This function checks if the year is divisible by four hundred. If it's not, then check whether that number can be divided evenly into
17034: This Python function takes an integer t in seconds as input and returns the time expressed it hours minutes & second format. For example if you call `time
17035: This Python function converts seconds into Hours/Minutes format. It takes the number of total second as input and returns it in 'HH':
17036: This script checks the version of an X.X implementation and returns it as string or integer, depending on its length; otherwise return empty strings/inte
17037: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it contains the word 'helpme', and then splits that part of text into two parts
17038: If the list swift module files is empty, return none.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal in Swift language syntax and logic programming paradigm using Python
17039: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the frequency of each column name from its input list by joining all elements together using space
17040: This function checks whether the input object 'is' of boolean data. If it returns true, then return false otherwise else check other conditions and finally give
17041: This line of the program is creating an array from input string "conditions" and then counts how many times each character appears. The count depends on what
17042: This function calculates the minimum of two numbers using an average calculation and then subtracts it from both to get closer in value towards zero or one
17043: This line of the Python script is performing an elementwise division operation on two images. The result will be another image where each pixel value has been normalized
17044: This function takes an input x and returns the rounded value of that number. The precision is set to four decimal places using Python's built in '
17045: This Python script checks the validity of input parameters and returns an appropriate error message in case any parameter is empty or invalid, otherwise it constructs URL using
17046: Mapping of authentication providers to their respective names. 	Mapping is used in various parts like configuring the auth provider, etc., and it helps
17047: This Python function checks the length of each segment and keeps track if it's longer or equal to any previous segments, returning only those that are longest
17048: This function matches the regular expression "starts with 'UK' followed by one or more word characters". If it doesn’t match, return input
17049: Returns the ter id, operation type and pin of transaction.  The result is returned in dictionary format with keys as "tier", 'transaction'
17050: This function checks whether the absolute difference between any two numbers is 0, and then either returns true immediately. If not it will check further by checking
17051: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two given points and one constant. The formula used is derived from algebra, but it'
17052: This Python script filters out the keys and values from 'data' dictionary where value was set to `None` or empty string which are considered as no
17053: This Python function takes an email address as input and returns the last part of it, which is usually just its domain name if there's no period
17054: A dictionary to map colours in the game of life and return their corresponding value or default if not found; used as an indexer by other functions/
17055: Generates an output string that indicates the number is newer than some other value.  The unit of measurement will be appended to it as well,
17056: This Python script is used to download the sequence files from an online source and save them in one directory named 'sequnces'. It uses os module
17057: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17058: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
17059: This script is used to calculate the median of each grouped value from an input list 'values'. It uses two lists - one storing locations and another
17060: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with tuples of lists from the given input data structure which are then converted to strings using
17061: A dictionary comprehension that creates another one from the given input, where each key is mapped to its corresponding value by reversing it's original order
17062: This Python script creates and returns the dictionary 'zyg' with keys as call types ('noCall', '', etc.) mapped to their corresponding values.
17063: This function calculates the average of three grades and returns an appropriate letter grade based on that score, with A being best成绩，and F as worst
17064: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an ice density at origin. The calculation is based on some parameters, including ACF slope from
17065: This line of Python script returns the ceiling value, which is equivalent to rounding up an integer number 'b' divided by another nonzero real or
17066: This is an example of the use and application in Python programming language, where it calculates some mathematical expressions with variables 'y' as input parameter which
17067: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
17068: This Python function returns the current, previous close price of an asset in USD. The prices are formatted to two decimal places and returned as JSON object with
17069: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
17070: This function calculates the number of steps between two given values. It does so by subtracting one value from another and then dividing that result with
17071: This Python function copies the input dictionary, adds "votes" to its key named 'Total', subtracts that from another variable called `'
17072: This Python function calculates the final output of an energy storage system based on its initial and end conditions, as well it takes into account some factors such
17073: This Python function calculates area under two curves given as lists of their corresponding points on an XY plane using Shoelace formula which is used when
17074: This line of the given Python script splits "fullObjectName" by '&&' and returns third part from split list, which is an example
17075: If the string ends with "S", remove last character of that word and return it, else just keep original as is  Code snippet used
17076: This Python function splits the given time string into degrees, minutes and seconds using "/" as separator in python's str method split(). It
17077: If the 'modal' is open return default values else select confidence from user input or defaults to given value depending on context and usage of function/code
17078: This line of the given Python script is removing all leading and trailing whitespace from string 'char'. It then adds that character to another variable named
17079: This Python script reads the input file and generates an output string based on its content, skipping over sections that start with 'Usages' or contain
17080: This line of the Python script checks whether 'space' is divisible by either one or four. If it isn’t, then return that number
17081: This Python function takes as input an array of strings and pads each string with the maximum length to reach that same total number. The output is another list
17082: If the variable 'devid' does not exist, it gets assigned with default value.  The function returns device id as string type in case of
17083: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
17084: This function returns the result of multiplying an integer 'i' by another one called n and adding it to some other value, which is stored in
17085: This is an equation that calculates the ratio of two quantities, which are related by some operation. The first quantity represents distance from center to edge and
17086: This Python function checks whether the input list `res` has an empty sublist. If it does not have one and its first element also isn'
17087: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
17088: If there is at least one number greater than or equal to 32 on the given two dimensional array, return true. Otherwise it should be false
17089: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
17090: This Python function checks whether the given object name is present as key of dictionary. If it exists, then returns stripped version(removing leading and
17091: This function converts an input value between two ranges. It uses linear interpolation, which is the simplest form of scaling and can be used in many
17092: This function converts the input to all lowecase and then filters out any characters that are not present within "safecharacters".  It returns
17093: This function checks if the string ends with any of ".C",".CPP" , "HPP ",  and '.H' extensions in Python
17094: Create an object to remove list member.  The operation is 'remove' and the attribute name provided in input parameter will be used as key of dictionary
17095: A dictionary of shortcuts and their associated values. The keys are the shortcut names while 'values' is an optional parameter that can be used to set
17096: If the "extensios" key does not exist, return none; otherwise get all aliases from each of these and check whether they match with
17097: This Python function calculates the value of 'v' based on given parameters and returns result as per formula mentioned in problem statement, but with some modifications
17098: This function checks the input 'path' and returns it with an appropriate prefix depending on whether or not there is one in its original form, ie
17099: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns minimum value between outside water height & maximum surge in order to prevent waves from hitting ground or being
17100: An empty dictionary named 'glo_CodPhsbisList' is created. This will be used to store the data from different files in Python
17101: This Python function returns the hexadecimal values of each pair from an input list. The pairs are returned as tuples with one integer per
17102: Bitwise AND assignment with 3f in Python. This line of the program performs an operation that sets all bits to zero except those specified by '
17103: This Python function checks whether the input value ```var``` can be converted to an integer or floating point number and returns it as such; otherwise raises
17104: Returns the tuple of two numbers. The first number is 'code' and it has been assigned to be equal with value(s). Secondly,'
17105: This function converts an integer into its equivalent hexadecimal representation. The input is the binary value of p, and it returns that in decimal
17106: This Python function converts an integer to the specified radix, where 1 is considered as "zero", and so on up until n which represents
17107: This line of Python script sets the velocity in y direction to 0. It also updates position and returns updated state dictionary with new values, if any
17108: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is approximately halfway between two rows in data, rounded up to nearest whole
17109: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17110: If the value is either "none" or an empty string return it as none. Else continue with processing...  Code snippet to be
17111: This Python function takes an interface name as input and returns the network part of it or 'if' parameter in case no dot is found which means that
17112: If the length of string 'str' is less than or equal to number, return original str. Else truncated with three dots before and after
17113: A Python function that calculates the value of an expression based on its index and returns it as dictionary with one key 'value'. The values are calculated
17114: This function takes two arguments, 'float' type. If the first argument is within range [1; mod], it returns its value divided by second
17115: This line of the given Python script is finding "key" string and if it doesn't find '|', then return original `Key`,
17116: This function takes in two parameters; the first is an input string and second one can be either integer or float but not both at same time as it
17117: Creates an annotation dictionary from the given data. The keys are either 'Xmin', ‘xmax’, etc., or specific attributes like
17118: This Python script splits the string "ref" on ':' and returns its last element, which is returned as output of function in python programming language
17119: This Python function calculates the power of an integer using recursion. If 'exp' is zero it returns one and otherwise multiplies itself by its
17120: This line of the function calculates an angular position based on its range index and length. The calculation is done by subtracting half from both sides,
17121: This Python function replaces certain characters in the input string with their hexadecimal equivalents, which are then returned as output of that particular method
17122: This function returns the maximum of three values. It takes two arguments - val and range[0] to [max]. The value is constrained within that
17123: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in three dimensions using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as one line of python
17124: Checks whether the input number is negative, and throws an exception when it's true.  Otherwise returns "n" as its value unchanged or
17125: This line of the given Python script creates an object that represents Iris dataset. The "swagge[...]" is used to store Swash
17126: This Python function splits the given string into major/minute and optional third part which is considered as 'HotFix'. If there are more than two
17127: This Python script reads lines from an input text and removes leading whitespace characters, then trims the trailing white space of each resulting string before returning
17128: This script creates an empty dictionary named nameTable, and two other dictionaries - one called Names with the key being GUIDs of users who have
17129: This script is used to create an empty dictionary, then populate it with data from the "preferences". The keys of these dictionaries are '
17130: If the RSA bit length is equal to or greater than  |  Code snippet with line numbers. The function returns an integer value based on
17131: This function checks if the input string starts with ":" and is followed by zero or more non whitespace characters, then returns whatever comes after these two
17132: This Python function is used to generate the path of an object stored in Google Cloud Storage. The parameters are passed as variables and returned by reference so that
17133: Copies the dictionary 'd' and deletes all keys that are NOT present within specified language set, ie., it only keeps those which exist
17134: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17135: This Python script generates two tuples from the given list of points. The first tuple contains minimum and maximum values along each axis respectively to form an
17136: A class that handles the cleaning of job definitions.  It is used to clean up any jobs in MongoDB which are not currently running or have
17137: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on ':' and then takes second part of these pieces. The result is stored in variable `
17138: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from each string in the list of lines, making it easier to work with them as text data within Python scripts
17139: This function calculates the number of operations needed to transform one string into another by using different characters. The operation includes inserting/removing and subst
17140: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
17141: This function converts an integer into its equivalent floating point representation. If the input isn't valid as per our conditions specified in problem statement it raises
17142: This script is used to generate an empty string, then iterates over each element of the 'input' JSON object. If there are any elements present
17143: This Python function calculates the error and gain of an RC circuit given its parameters. The formula used is derived from Ohm's law in series
17144: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17145: This Python function splits the string 'cname' into three components using '-', then joins them back together to form name and versions in tuple format
17146: This Python script checks the configuration file to see whether or not there are any settings that need changing. If so, it returns false; otherwise true is
17147: This function checks the value of 'n' and returns different strings based on its condition. If it is greater then “Biggest”, else
17148: This line of Python script splits the API key by "-" and returns only third part which is assumed to be 'data center'.  It'
17149: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'request' object and adds each request to it if that item is already present;
17150: This function checks whether the given number is within [. .] range or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it
17151: This line of the program converts an input float to its equivalent in degrees, and then checks whether it's negative. If so - changes '
17152: If the "monitor" element does not exist, return none; otherwise get its 'metrics' attribute and check whether it has at least one item
17153: If the input is zero, return one. Else check whether it's equal to 'one', in which case returns another number else finally default
17154: This Python function calculates the precision of an algorithm's ranking list against its true values, given as input parameters 'rankedList', which is
17155: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses builtin functions like `zip` and list comprehension to achieve
17156: This line of the given Python script filters out elements from 'data' list that do not contain "task" string. The result is stored into new
17157: This function returns an ORCiD string in the format of '[Name]' orcid:[OrgId].  It takes as input
17158: This function filters out the arguments that end with ".py". If an argument contains '==', it splits into key and values; otherwise if no
17159: This Python function checks the input string 'operation' and returns an integer based on its value. The operation is categorized as vertex, geometry or fragment
17160: This Python script reads JSON data and formats it into the desired format. It creates an empty dictionary called "formatteedJson" where each key is
17161: This function calculates the result of mass divided by three minus two. It's an example to show how Python functions work in simple terms and it
17162: This function generates an array of remainders when dividing each number by the corresponding dimension, starting from 0 and continuing up to n -1 where
17163: This Python function converts the input string to its unicode representation if it's not already in that form; otherwise returns as given without any changes
17164: This function checks if the given 'variable' is present as either an element of any dictionary keys ('substitution') that are also lists; otherwise it
17165: This Python function copies the elements of two lists and compares them. It then returns new lower versions based on comparison results from each list element at every
17166: This Python function calculates the slope of line given two points. The equation is y=k*x+b where b represents intercept with x
17167: This function checks the type of 'Field' to see whether it is either datetime or Date, then adds an additional word ("Date"), only when that
17168: A function that takes in one string and returns the same input with an '*' character before it.  It is used to indicate some form of
17169: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. The result is calculated by multiplying all numbers from 0 to 'num' using
17170: If the previous string is empty, it returns an error message.  Otherwise...   -> Code continues with next line of action based on condition in
17171: This Python function copies the statistics from one dictionary to another using numpy's exp and log functions on each value of those keys that exist only once
17172: This Python function converts the input to lowercase and checks if it's one of two predefined boolean strings ("True"/False). If
17173: This function is used to calculate the address of an element in memory. The input 'Index' determines which part or section within some larger data structure it
17174: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using matrix exponentiation. The first two numbers in fib(n+k), where n is
17175: This Python script converts the string of ASCII characters into an integer list by converting each character to its corresponding decimal value and appending it as int
17176: This function calculates the number of ways to choose elements from an array such that no two chosen numbers are equal. The condition is "no more than
17177: This function takes in an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace from it using the strip() method. Then replaces all sequences of one
17178: This function converts the input string to lowercase if it is an administrator, and returns that value otherwise unchanged or converted into 'Admin' depending on
17179: This Python function checks whether the given object may be an instance of dictionary. If it's true then returns that element as such otherwise creates and return
17180: This function checks the type of input and returns an appropriate message. If no argument or empty string, it will return 'missing' as well;
17181: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'number' array and appends only positive numbers to another output ('positive')
17182: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic algebra operations on vectors in
17183: This Python script retrieves the list of JSON file names from an object, filters out any that do not have 'metadata' as part their filename and
17184: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of given list 'points'. It returns these as two separate values.  The returned
17185: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the records from 'records' list. The keys of each record are used as indices
17186: Code returns true if the two input parameters are equal, otherwise it will print an error message. (Note that in Python programming language you can
17187: This script is used to parse the output of an external command and store it into vectors. The first vector contains strings with their corresponding indices while second one
17188: This Python script splits the string "dstr" into references, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each reference and filters out empty strings
17189: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space, given their coordinates and returns that value as 'distance'. The formula used is
17190: This function checks if the value of an indexed element is equal to its previous one. If it's not and there are no more elements after
17191: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17192: This Python script checks whether the first and last character of input string is either an endl ('\\'\rn')or carriage return (\rm). If
17193: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output with all characters sorted alphabetically but without duplicates present as well by using list
17194: If the input 'filter_sizes' parameter has an integer value or three values of integers. Otherwise it will return error message "Invalid argument".
17195: A function that takes in two sets and returns whether the first set is subset of second.  The result will be Boolean value, True if it'
17196: This is an implementation of the binary counter algorithm. It counts how many bits are set in 'N' by repeatedly subtracting one from it until zero
17197: If the length of 'Shape' is not equal to two then return Shape. Otherwise it returns another list that contains elements at index positions in reverse
17198: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd(A , B). It uses two variables 'xa' and "ya" as
17199: This Python script checks the type of an object and returns it as string. It does so by checking different conditions in case statement, returning appropriate strings based
17200: This function calculates the position of an element in 1D space. It takes two parameters, 'y' and "width", which represent coordinates
17201: This Python function creates an array of indices where the elements from 'target' are found within list/array named "observation". If no such element
17202: If the input 'data' isn’t provided, return an empty string. Otherwise just output or simply print out ‘data'. This line of
17203: This function returns the base string with placeholders replaced by 'text' and any number of characters from 0 to n in between. The placeholder is
17204: This Python function calculates the coordinates of four points around an origin in two dimensions using one line and returns them as tuples(x_min
17205: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested 'lists' using List Comprehension.  It uses two loops to iter
17206: Swaps the values of two variables. Python's syntax is straightforward and concise to swap variable value in python programming language using multiple assignment feature or
17207: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values from an input dictionary object - character occurrence map along with its percentage representation in relation to
17208: This Python script calculates the square root of sums up to squares all elements from list 'a'.  The result is then returned as an output by
17209: This Python function normalizes the input value 'value' to be between [min_range] and max range[]. The normalized output is then scaled
17210: This Python function replaces the first occurrence of three prime numbers ("threePrimes"), and then four, five proneumbers respectively within an input
17211: This line of Python script returns the city and its corresponding Country in title case formatting, with both variables being passed as arguments to .formatter()
17212: This function returns the number of hours, minutes and seconds in an input time. The result is given as three separate integers that represent these values respectively using
17213: A function that adds two integers.  Code is written in Python and uses the Int type from Google's Protocol Buffers language definition file,
17214: This Python script tries to format the links from an input dictionary. It does so by iterating over each item of 'link\_X' and append
17215: Checks if the string is identical to its "cleaned" version, and also checks that there are no newlines in both strings.  If
17216: This function calculates the Reinolds number based on mass and density. The formula is derived from Newton's law of universal gravitation, which
17217: This script reads parameters from .dat files and stores them into lists to be used later on the program's execution flow; it also calculates geometric
17218: This line of the Python script checks whether 'input' variable `is instance` to be either list or tuples. If it does then return
17219: If the variable 't' type isn’s defined, return its tag. Otherwise append “Type” to it and then returns with '-'.
17220: This Python function takes in two parameters - the separator and an input text; it returns first part of split result as output one or empty String when
17221: This program counts the number of times it needs to multiply digtis by 9 until its product is less than or equal. It does so in
17222: This Python function attempts to convert the input 'str' into its numeric equivalent. If it can successfully do so, then returns that value as an
17223: This function checks whether the input is NaN, less than an acceptable range and greater in another; it returns either that value itself when not within bounds
17224: If the input string is empty, it returns False. Otherwise - True – based on whether or not there are any characters in that given textual
17225: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17226: This line of the Python script returns all characters from index 4 onwards in 'name' string, converted to lowercase. The purpose is just
17227: This function creates an object that maps strings to other objects. The first and last elements of the input list are checked, raising either "Invalid Path"
17228: This function checks whether the string contains either commas or newlines. If it does, then returns an integer corresponding to that type of character; otherwise
17229: Returns True if the first line of 'diff' does NOT start with exactly two spaces, False otherwise."""  (endcode```python`))
17230: If the URL ends with '/', remove it, otherwise return original string as is – one line version of Python function that checks whether or not an
17231: This python script calculates the sum of polynomial using Horner's method. The function takes as input an array 't', and returns its value
17232: This function returns the path to an HTML file in our application." (END OF SUMMARY FOR THIS CODE BLOCK.)  ```python
17233: If the number is 1, it returns an array with one element of value '[num].'. Else -> continue to next line
17234: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17235: If the true positive and false negative are both zero, then set 'Recall' to ‘zero’; otherwise calculate Recal by dividing True
17236: This Python function takes in the text of an input, strips it and splits into individual commands using space as delimiter then returns first word lower
17237: "Find_debug" function takes as input the name and type parameters, returns all jobs with matching criteria from given tasklist.""" (END
17238: This Python function calculates the sum of two lists by adding corresponding elements from each list, creating and returning an updated version with these sums as values at
17239: This script calculates the threshold value based on an initial set of parameters, then uses that to determine whether or not there is enough evidence in data points
17240: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythons' builtin sqrt function and ** operator to square each
17241: This line of Python script calculates the arcsine inverse, or arc sine in mathematics terms which is equivalent to ∛x - y = �
17242: This line of the program returns how many elements in list one are not present at all, or only appear once. It does so by subtracting two
17243: This line of the given Python function is performing bitwise operations on 'reflection' variable. The operation performed here are shifting bits to left by one
17244: This line of the given Python script splits "trajectory" string by '.' and takes only last part after splitting, then it also split
17245: If the provided string does not contain an "at" symbol, return null; otherwise process it by splitting at @ and then either returning prefix of first
17246: If no columns are provided in input data then return none. Else check whether all elements within 'columns' argument passed as third element to function call
17247: If the string is not empty and has at least one word. Otherwise returns an emtpy String – Code snippet to convert first character
17248: If the variable 'is_bool' or string equals to one of yes/ true / t  and  = 0 then return True else raise an
17249: This function checks if the site has private, closed or fish bowl status. It returns true only when all conditions are met ie., it's
17250: If the node id is in format [NODEID], it returns NODE ID. Else empty string  Code snippet to test/ver
17251: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with any leading or trailing single quotes removed using Python's builtin strip() method
17252: This function checks whether the input "ID" passed to it as an arguement matches with its type. If they don’t match then raises
17253: If either object 'ob' and/or the climate variable are not defined, return string value of “m”. Otherwise calculate difference between these
17254: If the first character of 'sentence', return everything after that, else just returns original string as it is not starting with '\n'.  This
17255: This function subtracts the value of 'to' from its argument, then floors and returns that result. The operation is performed in such way so
17256: This script is used to extract the types of global impacts from given dataset and store them into an array named 'Impacted Types'.  The
17257: This line of the Python script removes all decimal points from an input string and converts it to integer type, if possible without any errors or exceptions being
17258: This script is designed to return the appropriate tags based on which webbrowser it's running, Chrome or Firefox.""" (code):	if language
17259: This line of the Python script checks if input string "mappedInput" does not start with an opening curly bracket, end in ".Y
17260: This function checks whether the length of 'Specifications' is zero. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on your
17261: This is an example of Python list assignment. It assigns three lists to variables, each containing different types and sizes respectively - strings ("sea"), integers
17262: This function counts the number of 'one' bits in an integer. It works by first checking whether or not it is negative, and then performing some
17263: This Python function converts dictionaries and lists to their equivalent underscored format using the `isInstance` method of python which checks whether an object
17264: This Python script expands the dictionary of pairs into another one with expanded keys and values by swapping them around if necessary to make sure that all possible
17265: This Python function calculates the total of all digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking modulo and floor division operations on input numbers
17266: Sorts the list of Hacker News posts by score in descending order.  The lambda function is used to specify how each post should be
17267: Returns the storage account settings of an object in SDV.  The key is used to access nested objects within it, and "s" refers specifically
17268: This function searches through the list of tuples and returns an element if it finds one with matching name. If no such match is found, then
17269: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated value, 'lat' in degrees which is equivalent to "(original_value+
17270: This Python script joins all elements in the list into one string, removes newline and carriage return characters from it then returns that final resultant strings as
17271: This Python function reorders the elements of each individual 'm' length lists within an outermost ‘[]’ bracketed array to form another
17272: This function returns the last three colors in an array of RGB values.  The first two elements are taken from 'color' and then, only one
17273: Returns True if the length of msg is less than 73 characters. Otherwise, it returns False or None depending on whether an error occurred during execution
17274: If the least significant bit of 'value' is set, then it has been shifted out. This function checks whether or not that condition holds true and
17275: This Python script calculates the total of all numbers from ‘n’ that are divisible by either 'x' OR/AND with number being
17276: If the second input is zero, it raises an error. Otherwise returns first number divided with respect to other one in Python programming language using 'if'
17277: This Python function calculates the average and variance of an input list. The result is returned as two values which are both calculated from these calculations respectively by
17278: This Python function checks the validity and correctness in input data. It raises an error when given invalid inputs, such as zero weights that are not allowed
17279: Checks whether the 'Tokensa' sequence exists within another. If it does, returns False; otherwise True or None depending on which list has no
17280: This Python script creates an HTML anchor tag with the given sID and opens it on new tab or window based off of user preference, which is controlled
17281: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers. If 'm' is zero then it returns value in variable "a".
17282: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm in Python. It checks whether or not given number 'num' exists within sorted list/array using B
17283: This Python function checks the values of 'k' and "e" to return specific results based on their conditions, but it does nothing with these variables
17284: This function returns the dictionary with keys 'na', and values corresponding to input parameters. The names of these key's are derived from their respective parameter
17285: This line of the Python function returns whether or not value at index 3 in list 'c' is greater than zero and three times its own smaller
17286: Creates an object with the given 'action' dictionary.  The key is set to be of string format and its corresponding values are assigned based on
17287: If no port list provided or the input string contains one of three specific values then return all/input_string; else sort and convert to integer type
17288: This Python function calculates the mean of all nonnegative numbers present within an array/list 'Tab'. If no such number exists it raises and handles
17289: This function calculates the effective batch size and capacity based on target service level. It also takes into account that if there is not enough space in current
17290: This function checks if the number is power of two. It does so by checking whether it's not zero, then using bitwise AND operation to
17291: This Python script creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the input 'beatList' appending values to it that are between .3
17292: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17293: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17294: This function converts the given number to hexadecimal.  The 'base' parameter is optional and defaults if not provided will be set as
17295: This Python function checks whether the year is leap or not. It uses modulo operation to check divisibility by four, ten and forty zeroes
17296: This function returns the name of an object multiplied by its unique identifier.  The result is then prefixed with '-' and returned as output from
17297: This function takes two parameters, 'w' and "h', multiplies them by each other twice to get the result. The sum of these results
17298: This Python function uses regular expressions to match an input string against the pattern "word followed by number". If successful it returns two values - word and count
17299: Generates the string format of remote service name.  The variables namespace, servicename and color are used to form partials strings that will be
17300: Check the type of all three inputs. If they are neither 'list' nor NoneType then raise an error message stating that these should only contain data
17301: This Python script calculates the average of all actions that are not equal to their corresponding policy's value from given sequence and returns it as 'ratio
17302: This function takes an angle in degrees and returns the same value but with it being normalized to be between [−π, +π] or [-�
17303: If the list has less than 2 elements, return true. Otherwise check each pair of adjacent items and see whether they are equal or not; otherwise
17304: This function takes in two parameters - the string 'str' and an integer number. It returns first n characters of given str if it is less than
17305: This function returns the result of comparing two strings. If both are equal, it will print 'True'. Otherwise,'False' is printed to console and
17306: This Python script checks if the dataframe has all required columns with correct types; it also validates that each column contains only unique values which are not
17307: This function counts the number of spaces, tabs or other special characters used to determine indentation. It returns 3 if there is no space at
17308: If the PM value is less than two and greater or equal to zero then return that same as it's not possible in reality; otherwise calculate using
17309: This Python function tries to convert the input x into an integer, but if it encounters zero division error then instead of raising exception returns '0'.
17310: This Python function checks whether the first number is less than or equal to second. If it's true, then return their product; otherwise they are
17311: If no benchmarks have beem defined in the experiment configuration file then raise an error. Otherwise return dictionary with name of experiments and space definition as keys
17312: If the value of 'box' is greater than 1, it decreases by one and returns that new number. Otherwise nothing happens or return original "
17313: This Python script generates and returns the difference between two sets of points along with their corresponding segments as dictionaries where keys are tuples representing different segment
17314: This Python script generates the lengths of two lists by adding their respective elements. It uses list comprehension to iteratively process each pair and calculate its length
17315: Converts the input to lowercase, checks if it contains 'error' but does NOT contain any of these two specific error messages; returns string
17316: This Python script creates two lists, one with even numbers and the other odd. It then compares their lengths to return an element from either list based
17317: This Python function checks if the length of seed string meets certain conditions. It returns True only when all these condition are met; otherwise it will raise an
17318: If the function's 'Return Type', which is stored in variable ```::string  stype```, equals to void and it returns an
17319: This function calculates the net total amount of money after deducting taxes and adding up all incomes.  The result is returned as 'inc
17320: Creates an empty dictionary and assigns it to the variable 'ltm' if "partitions_in resources section of configuration is present". If
17321: This Python function checks whether the first character of each string in an input list is either space (' ', '\n', etc.) – indicating that it
17322: If the input 'LULC' is neither found within dictionary, it raises an error. This helps to prevent any potential errors when running
17323: If the 'Reading' variable in Python scripting language, return NULL otherwise else convert and returns Reading.  This will be used to check whether or
17324: This Python function splits the input string by ':' and returns either last part of split or none if it's not NTerm/Cterm
17325: This Python function calculates the average and standard deviation of numbers from an input list 'Test List'. The result is returned as two values; one being
17326: This function returns the name of an overlapping metric based on whether or not there is any kind/type 1 overlay. If yes, it
17327: This line of the Python function returns an approximate value that represents one part in ten times smaller than its input, based on attenDb which is given
17328: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17329: This function generates the path to an include file based on given parameters. (END SUMMARY HERE).   [Replace with your own text]
17330: This function sorts the list of dictionaries by one specific value.  The dictionary is passed as an argument to be sorted, and returns that same data
17331: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then fills it with the names of categories from 'category' list. The keys are ids, values -
17332: This line of the program calculates and returns absolute difference between two values. The function takes in previous value 'current' as well, which is used
17333: This line of the given Python script is removing all double quotes from string. It also replaces any single quote with an escaped one to prevent it being
17334: This Python function calculates the precision at k, which is used to measure how many of your top predictions are relevant or true positives and thus provides
17335: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17336: This line checks whether the first and last characters of `str` are double quotes. If not, it raises an error with message "Invalid quote in
17337: This Python function calculates the score of an object based on its properties. The formula is derived from some mathematical principles and it's not very clear
17338: This function returns the path of an HTTP request. It concatenates version id with '/',  and then appends 'resource name' followed by '.
17339: This function takes in an input string and returns the same value but with leading/trailing whitespace removed. It also handles multiple spaces between sentences or
17340: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input string ends with "/". If it does, then removes that character from end. Otherwise return
17341: This Python script generates lyrics from the given arrangements. It uses dictionary "songData", which contains information about each unique piece of music, and an
17342: If the shapes are identical, return an empty list. Otherwise create two indices that will traverse through each shape in order of their lengths until they reach
17343: A dictionary that maps International Biblos Zero to Latin names. The keys are the biblical zero values, and their corresponding value is an
17344: This function converts the Ethereum addresses to their corresponding URLs on different networks using an if...else statement and string formatting, with error
17345: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern r'^\S*_a.*_mu$$'. It checks if input string ends with "_ambus
17346: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one value, which is halfway between two other values. The first input to it should be '
17347: This Python function calculates the four outputs of an equation based on input parameters. The first output is calculated as 'a' times b divided by N
17348: If 'b' is zero, it returns the value of variable "a". ElseIf condition checks whether ‘’B'' greater than ''
17349: This function is used to access nested configuration values based on the separator character, either an underscore ('_) or hyphen (-). If no such
17350: This Python function takes two arguments 'Start' and ‘Stop’ which are optional; If no value provided it defaults to the maximum possible integer in
17351: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an estimated time when someone will be woken up. If it's not possible to calculate
17352: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/content in 'payload' variable.  It is essentially doing an operation to
17353: This function checks whether the input `is valid. If it isn’t an instance of string and doesn‘ t contain backticks at both ends
17354: This line of the given C++ program is performing an operation that involves bitwise AND, left shift and addition. The result will be stored in '
17355: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17356: This function returns the number of digits in an integer value.  It converts it to string, then into int and finally length/counts
17357: Reads the file at path and compares its content to 'key'. If they are equal -> True. Else False  [Hask
17358: This function returns the URL to fetch Redirect's comments in JSON format, with specific parameters set by user inputted values such as max depth and
17359: If the absolute difference between two values in "length_x", or “height” of an object is less than equal to one decimal place.
17360: This function returns the result of multiplying two inputs, 'col' and one. The output is twice that input plus oner ('+'). It
17361: Returns an empty list when the input is False, otherwise it returns reversed version of given array. If any element value greater than zero then converted to
17362: This Python function checks the first two elements of an array, and returns their concatenation with '.'. If these are equal as strings ("path"
17363: This line of Python script creates and returns the Google Storage path. The bucket name is passed as '{}{}', while filename will be appended to
17364: This line of Python script replaces all spaces and hyphens in the given file name with underscores, which is commonly used to separate different parts
17365: This function checks if there is at least one zero present within the given 3x4 matrix. If yes, it returns True; otherwise False or
17366: This function returns the result of halfing x plus one, which is equivalent to multiplying by two and adding three in decimal form or binary representation as
17367: If the first number is greater than or equal to second, assign it as highest. Otherwise do nothing and keep original values of 'top' variable in
17368: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation that seems to be related with bitwise operations. The variable 'alignment' and its value
17369: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The function takes as input four numbers representing each corner's coordinate, which are
17370: "Returns an array of strings representing the different parts in FHIR Paths"  }.format(**kwargs);  ^10 points
17371: This function is used to generate the index of an element in matrix form. The elements are arranged as per their class labels, with each unique pair having
17372: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17373: This script is used to find the minimum and maximum latitude/longitudes of all data points within an input dictionary 'name_todata'
17374: This Python script calculates the values of three functions based on some parameters. The first function is simply their sum, while other two are more complex and
17375: This line of the Python script converts degrees to radians using trigonometric conversion formula, which is pi/180 and then divides
17376: This function checks whether two paths are equivalent, excluding the trailing backslash character(s). It does so by comparing only non-"\" characters
17377: This Python function calculates the number of nodes and their connections, then returns an estimate based on that. It's used to calculate some statistics about
17378: This is an example of linear regression model where the load per hour can be predicted using various parameters and constraints such as maximum, minimum or target loads m
17379: This Python function checks the validity and conversion from hexadecimal to RGB. It raises an error when given invalid input; otherwise it returns converted values
17380: This Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each word of the input string 'd'. It then splits that cleaned up version into individual
17381: Throws an error when the satellite's idx is larger or equal to that defined by 'num\_of_\<Orbits\>'.
17382: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17383: This Python function breaks up the input string into multiple line segments of maximum length 'width'. If one segment is longer than that it gets wrapped. The
17384: This Python script converts the timestamp from IMU data into total time in millisecond. The conversion is done by multiplying sec and nano,
17385: This Python function returns the string "{}". The input is formatted as per your requirement.  It'll be useful in various applications like data cleaning
17386: This Python script checks whether the keys ' Get Send Quotas Response' and ‘get send quotar result’ are present within given dictionary.
17387: If the number of lambs is less than one, it prints "Special" and then sums up to zero. The function returns 'zero'.
17388: This Python function checks whether the input string is either empty, null ("none"), None value of an object in python. It also handles special cases like
17389: This function checks if either of the two arguments are greater than 4/7, but not both; otherwise it returns False in all other cases where
17390: This function returns the maximum value of 'max_vaue' and its square, when input is less than or equal to 1. Otherwise it
17391: This Python script checks whether the given filename exists and is of type "text" with an extension ".txt". If it does exist but has no data
17392: This function takes an expression string as input and evaluates it using Python's built in `eval` method. The result is returned by the Function
17393: Returns an object with the URI as '/foo//' in one line.  The 'return {'... is missing some of its content, but it
17394: If the 9th element of 'anno' is not equal to its previous version in list, return false. Otherwise continue with next step or
17395: This Python function takes as input parameters and returns them with the same keys but values are replaced by their default if they're `None` otherwise it
17396: This function checks if the input is an integer or not. If it's string, then return true; otherwise false – Code snippet
17397: This function takes as input an string of characters and returns the minimum/ maximum ASCII value found within that. If there are multiple such values it will
17398: This function calculates the value of an element in series using its own index. The formula is derived from mathematical theory and it's used to calculate
17399: This function checks whether the given string starts and ends with angle brackets, otherwise it adds them to make sure that they are present in all cases of
17400: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both these point are provided as input and it returns
17401: This function checks whether the input is valid, then computes an output. If it's invalid or out of range returns NaT value else return
17402: This function returns zero when the input is less than two, one otherwise. If an invalid value or exception occurs it raises and handles with "Value Error
17403: This python function is used to find all the keys of dictionary that have value with "plan" key equal as input parameter 'v'. It then returns
17404: This line of the given Python script is using regular expressions to remove HTML tags from text inputted into it by user through command prompt or terminal/shell
17405: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two lists. The keys are created by zipping the first list to second one
17406: If the value of 'true' is within range, it returns “Error” as zero; otherwise return "No Error". The condition checks whether
17407: This line of Python returns the remainder when 'b' is divided by or modulo to give an answer.  It can be used in various mathematical
17408: This Python script calculates the average of all elements present within 'dat'.  It uses an iterative approach to calculate it. The result is returned
17409: This function calculates the reciprocal of √[absolute value] using an algebraic formula, which is more efficient than traditional division method
17410: This Python function generates the URL based on whether or not it's “Q4” of 'period'. If so, then appending '.
17411: This Python script is used to extract the version number from an input dictionary. It iterates over each key, value pair of 'params' and checks
17412: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side2 and base as
17413: This function tries to convert the given object into real date time. If it fails, then return original value of that attribute which is not supported by _
17414: This Python function checks whether the first and second elements of an array are not equal. If they're, it increments counter by 1;
17415: Calculates the total amount of money that will be paid in one year, including interest and taxes if applicable based on your inputted values from user inputs
17416: If either of the variables 'None' then return null, else perform division and apply rounded function.  Code snippet to be used in other
17417: Attempt to get the value of "identifier" or, if that fails,"get it from 'input' with key name as identifier". If both
17418: This python function calculates the product of all edges divided by their sum. It is used to normalize weights and calculate PageRank vector, which
17419: This function recursively processes dictionaries and lists to ensure that all values are either strings or integers/floats but not other types of data structures like
17420: This function calculates the percentage of bases that are G or C. It takes as input an array/sequence and returns its content ratio to total number
17421: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side3 and base as
17422: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
17423: This Python script finds the last dot in file name and returns all before it, if there is no dots then just return original string as its not an
17424: If the message variable 'None', return an error string. Otherwise, prepend it with ! and convert to String type then concatenation of two strings
17425: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the third element of each tuple present within 'colorscala'. The result is returned
17426: This function returns the attribute name after removing its prefix.  It does so by slicing off one character from both sides of 'attr's value
17427: This function returns the next two numbers in sequence. It starts with 0 and increments by one each time until it reaches or passes n+3
17428: This function calculates the area of an ellipse with given 'Radius' in Python. The formula used is A = pi*r^
17429: This function checks whether the string to be removed is present as part of any word within an inputted text. If it's found, then return
17430: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on five coefficients and one input variable 'x'. The result is then divided by ten thousand to
17431: This Python function calculates the number of matches between two lists. It sums up all elements that are also present within both list, and then divides
17432: This Python function calculates the normalized version of an input list, 'history' by dividing each element with its total count and creating new lists where
17433: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
17434: This function checks if the input value 'val' can be considered as an instance of type "float" which also has to satisfy condition that it should
17435: This function returns the reciprocal of one divided by x plus on. It's an example to show how division works in Python, but it
17436: This function calculates the square of one number, subtracts it from another. The result is then returned as an integer value which can be used
17437: This line of the function calculates and returns an integer value that is obtained by taking half or "floor" version “dim”. The result
17438: This script splits the given string into two parts based on whether it contains an 'at' or double slash, and then takes second part of
17439: This function calculates the rate of initialization in percent. It takes three parameters - initialization ratio, number blocks processed and all available data points to calculate
17440: This Python script is designed to return specific command names from the dictionary "command" in one line. The three returned values are 'cmd', which represents
17441: If both 'B' 4th column values are provided then it calculates the ratio of corresponding elements in two lists. Else prints an error
17442: If the length of 'param' is 1, it assigns its first element to itself. Else - copies all elements from param into another
17443: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem,
17444: This Python script prints the message "Resettings Advanced Settings" and returns three values. The first value is 'reset', second one represents 0 as
17445: This function checks if the given string starts with any of several common paths prefixes, such as '/', '\' , './' and so on up
17446: If the package name isn't provided, return an empty list.  Otherwise continue with other operations as normal in case of success or failure respectively based
17447: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
17448: This Python function returns 'one' when the input is positive, zero or negative. If none of these conditions are met it will return '-'. The
17449: This function returns the length of an object in feet times three hundred and fifty eight centimeters, which is equivalent to x meters or y inches based
17450: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side3 and base as
17451: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns False or True. If it does return something other than what we expect ie
17452: This Python script calculates the sum of two numbers, 't' and their product. The values are given as input from user in one line using
17453: Code checks the third segment of input/output variable references. If it're neither inputs nor parameters or has more than three components then error message is
17454: This line of the given Python script checks if two URLs share exactly same project name. It does so by comparing their "path" components after splitting
17455: This function converts the given temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit and returns it as an integer, with 0 degrees being equivalent
17456: This Python script calculates the frequency of each element within an array and returns it as output along with its proportion to total count from another given list or
17457: This piece of Python script checks the value 'q' and assigns it to different values based upon certain conditions. If none match, then default is
17458: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an integer is powerof two. It does so by checking that, in binary representation form(which
17459: If the input "value" variable does not exist, return none; otherwise split and returns it as list of strings using ' |' character to separate
17460: This Python function calculates the change in pressure due to gravity, given mass flow rate and height above sea level of an object with density 'g'
17461: This Python function converts the given number of sec into hour/minute format. It first calculates how many full units are there in one second then
17462: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the first inputted 'lst' to check if each element is equal with every other
17463: This function checks if the given list of values is within an acceptable value set. It does so by checking each number from `range` between ffff
17464: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns True or False. If it does return true then convert that boolean to string type
17465: Defines function to subtract one number from another and increment the result.  The final output is an integer that represents how many times 'y'
17466: This Python function calculates the total atmospherically loss by adding up both Earth's and other types of airborne or terrestrial aerosol
17467: This Python function calculates the row and column of where to place an object in 3D space. The size 'sq' is determined by div
17468: This Python function sorts an input list using the selection sort algorithm. It iterates over each element of array and finds its minimum value by comparing it with
17469: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute value of an input list 'y'. If all values are zero, it returns "return" as if there
17470: This function returns the string "Hello, name".  It takes in one parameter 'Name' and prints out Hello followed by that person’s
17471: This script retrieves the home page and project URLs of an installed Python package from PyPI, then checks if they contain 'https://www.'
17472: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same input but with all non digit characters removed using Python's builtin filter() method along is
17473: This function checks whether the given cell in an m x n grid of cells, which has been initialized with '.'s and '#' symbols. The
17474: This line of the script checks whether there is an entry in 'lDetail' with key named as “File Path”. If it exists then
17475: This function checks whether the first argument of an expression or call to another symbol in Julia language and returns it; otherwise does nothing but continues execution with next
17476: This Python function tries to convert the last underscore "_" followed by "X", and return an integer value if possible, otherwise it returns zero as
17477: A dictionary is created with keys "k" and 'phase' as values. The two are then assigned to the respective variables in one line of Python
17478: Creates and returns the specified DeCK. The version is set to be 'x' which means it will not change over time but can only increase
17479: This function generates the longest increasing subsequence of 'new' value within each element from ‘cat’ list by replacing current elements with another number and
17480: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over all the 'instances' and adds each one to our new metric collection as individual elements
17481: This function calculates the width of an image by rounding off to nearest integer. The height and aspect ratios are given as parameters in proportion with each
17482: This function returns the string based on which one of four options is chosen in an instance where 'J19x' can bus communication with different speed
17483: This function checks whether the given 'account type' is either an application or sand box, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise
17484: This function checks the string ```'re',``` and returns part of it until first occurrence or after certain conditions are met; otherwise replaces hyp
17485: This script takes in an input of 'vertices' which can be either string or list and converts it into float type data using the replace function
17486: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" based on uppercase letters, converts each of these to lower case and then joins
17487: A dictionary that maps check box states to boolean values is created and used as the basis of an if/else statement in Python which returns either `False
17488: This Python function tries to get the value of an environment or system parameter by its name and returns it as JSON if possible; otherwise just return that un
17489: This function calculates the value of x raised to lam, then subtracts one and divides by 'lam'. The result is returned.
17490: This Python function checks whether the input is 'True' or not. If it returns true, then return 1 else false and vice versa in
17491: This function returns the new bounding box of an object with given center and size. The original bbox is shifted by 'radius' units in each
17492: This function converts input to either an array or returns the same object. If it's not of any type that we know how handle - then
17493: This Python script splits the bedtools coverage command's headers into separate variables using split(). It then assigning these values to their respective variable names
17494: This Python function calculates the amount of carbon dioxide released in one liter. The formula is based on specific parameters and assumptions, such as
17495: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17496: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17497: This function calculates the average number of decisions required to solve an equation. The decision is based on how many digests are needed in order sum up
17498: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the result as output. The operation is repeated by multiplying each number with its corresponding value from
17499: If the 'space' tag is present, assign its value to sp. Otherwise raise an error stating that space was missing from provided dictionary of data points
17500: If the current 'Line' object does not contain an element with namespace and given `tag`, it returns its value as "default". Otherwise try
17501: This Python function calculates the distance between two lists 'y' and returns it as an integer. The absolute value of each difference is calculated, sum
17502: Returns the URL of an exoMOL database server, which is used to access databases from Exoplanet project's data analysis toolkit
17503: Returns the type of characters and discrod id in string format. For example, if you input '1', it will return as <characters> <
17504: This function normalizes the input i to be between 0 and o. The normalization formula is derived from scaling, translating & rescaling in
17505: This Python function calculates the volume of an ellipsoid given its semi major axis, semiminor and eccentricity. The formula used
17506: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using Euler'a method, which is used to approximate solutions in differential equations by successively applying
17507: This line of the given Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by shifting right four times and then bitwise AND with FFh
17508: This Python function checks if the given integer is in Fibonacci sequence. It uses two pointers to keep track of numbers and comp
17509: A Python script that generates the configuration of an access point. The system, wan and network are defined in one dictionary with nested dictionaries as per
17510: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input parameters are i and g, which represent two simple numbers to be added together in one operation
17511: This function returns the list of tuples, where each tuple contains two strings and one integer. The first string is either 'admin' or another
17512: A function that creates an array of length equal to the size p, and fills it with zeros. Then iterates over each element 'n'
17513: This function calculates the ratio of two parameters, gamma and omega. The calculation is based on an equation that involves square root operations in one part
17514: This Python script finds the maximum number of elements that share an environment. It does so by iterating over each element and its corresponding list within 'single
17515: This function splits the input path into two parts - instruction and id. It also gets just filename from given instructions' paths to return it along with
17516: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17517: This function calculates the area of an image by subtracting two points and then taking their maximum value. The result is multiplied with “max
17518: This function splits the input string by comma and returns second element of resulting list.  It's used to extract data from CSV file headers
17519: This function checks if the given 'mark' is present within any of our list. If it isn’t, we return false; otherwise true
17520: This Python script generates an SQL WHERE clause from the given list of column names and their corresponding table values, using string formatting to create each comparison condition
17521: This function returns the part of URL before '?' if it exists, else return whole string as no question mark found in given inputted parameter "url
17522: This function checks if the first few characters of an HTTP status string start with "ERR". If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
17523: This line of the Python script is changing an input value based on its condition and returning it after performing some operation with that variable, but only when certain
17524: This line of the Python script calculates 9/3 times 'q' and then formats it as percentage. The result is printed out in one
17525: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17526: This Python script generates and returns an alphanumeric character sequence of the specified length using ASCII lower case, upper cases or digists as possible
17527: This function returns the node name and instance id in string format.  It is used to identify each individual process running on an application server or cluster of
17528: This script checks whether the specified keys exist within given dictionary or dataset; If they do then it converts certain types of values to string format which are
17529: This Python function calculates the Beta coefficient, which is used in information retrieval to measure relevancy of results based on their similarity with query
17530: Returns the appropriate form of word based on whether there is one or more instances.  If 'count' equals to "one", it returns single,
17531: This Python function takes two 3xN matrices as input and returns their dot product. The dimensions of the inputs should be compatible to perform multiplication in
17532: This function calculates the Lucus Modulo of 'N' with respect to some given number. It is used in various algorithms and problems related specifically
17533: This Python script generates all ASCII characters from the first character to last. It does so by using list comprehension and an expression that checks each integer
17534: This Python function checks if the input value can be converted to boolean. If it's true or false string values are returned; otherwise an error message
17535: This Python function checks if the product of three numbers, represented as strings 'str' type input. It returns true only when all characters are unique and
17536: If the run number of 'a' is greater than that in dictionary object, return "1". Else check whether it equals to its corresponding l
17537: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one number, which is difference between two elements in an array. The function takes 3 arguments as
17538: This Python function replaces ':','/' with the equivalent of + and - respectively to create an id from another library ID which is then joined back
17539: This Python function takes an email address as input and returns the domain name. It splits by at (@), then further into two parts using dot (.
17540: This Python function calculates the output of an exponential weighted average based on input values and parameters 'a', '', '' etc., which are all set to
17541: This function returns the seventh element of an array returned by splitting mount point with "/".  It's used to get directory name from file path.
17542: A dictionary that contains various keys with different types and required/optional attributes.  The 'cfg' parameter is used to define the type of time key
17543: If the configuration object exists but it's empty then return whether 'x’ lies within an array of floats. Else check that "Start
17544: This function takes an input of 'extra' options and returns the equivalent dictionary with only those keys that are present. If no such key exists, it
17545: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17546: This function tries to get the "object markings" from an object, if it fails with attribute error then returns empty list instead of raising exception which
17547: This line of Python script returns the last part after splitting URI by ":" symbol, which is usually used to get domain name in URLs and other
17548: Checks if the user has more followers than their follower, else checks whether they have less.  If so it returns True; otherwise False is
17549: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'abs' is used to get an integer result. The function returns total distance
17550: Normalizes the value to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum, then dividing it with range of values in
17551: This Python function checks whether the key "repseat" exists as an element of dictionary `svcrtfg`. If it does, then
17552: This Python function finds the first occurrence of zeroes. It counts how many zeros it has seen so far and if that count is equal to '
17553: This Python script calculates the average distance between consecutive agent head directions. The number of iterations is determined by 'n' and each iteration involves calculating absolute
17554: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each of the input list 'rows'. For every element it checks if that last item is
17555: This function checks if the number is even. It does so by checking whether or not there's no remainder when dividing it with two, which
17556: This function returns the sequence type based on input parameters. It checks if forward ('forward') is selected, then it either increments `sequence` count
17557: This Python script splits the given string into segments based on underscore (_), and then joins them back together to form another valid variable name, which
17558: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value based on two parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by another to get 'coefficient
17559: This function scales the given value between 0 and scale. The scaling is linear, with values below 'min' being mapped to zero at full intensity
17560: This Python script calculates the percentage of mismatched elements between two lists. It compares each element from both list and increments an 'Error
17561: If the input 'drct' variable does not exist, return "None". Else check whether it lies within 18th to -4
17562: This function returns the value of 'valance' associated with symbol in upper case, if it exists; otherwise default to zero is returned by using get
17563: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17564: This program calculates the temperature of water at constant volume using its specific heat capacity, which is given by Cp = 0 .1 * Rt
17565: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17566: This Python script splits the given string and extracts only one part of it, then converts that into an integer using another function call to return
17567: This line of the Python script counts and returns how many characters are left after removing trailing newline character from string s, which is used to determine
17568: This Python function reverses the string. It takes an input of 'string' and returns its reverse as output which is also stored into another variable named
17569: If the 'model' parameter in kwargs isn’t provided, it will use its default value. Otherwise - same as before but with an
17570: This Python script splits an input string 'article' into multiple substrings using the pipe (' | ', ) as separator, then further divides
17571: A dictionary is created with the key as 'i' and value set to an empty object. The function then returns that new, populated dict on
17572: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns derivative with respect to 'cache' in backpropagation. The formula used is derived from
17573: This Python function returns the values from each dictionary within list of dicitionaries.  It uses List Comprehension to iteratively access and retrieve
17574: This line of the Python script checks if 'not' and parentheses are used correctly. It returns True only when input string "is" an
17575: This function parses the version string into major/ minor / patch components and returns them as separate variables in Python 3 formatting like tuple or list
17576: If the input string "commas_str" does not exist, return an empty list; otherwise split it by comma and strip any leading or tra
17577: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'recipe' dictionary to add each value of its keys into our new created "
17578: This Python function checks the number of error in an input. If no errrors are found, it returns ' OK '. Otherwise ,it appends and
17579: This Python script splits the input text by newline characters, then cuts off 'x' number of lines from after that point and joins them back
17580: This Python function returns the list of dictionaries created from an Origin object. The dictionary keys are "domain_name",	"id" and
17581: This function calculates the square root of an inputted integer. It uses binary search to find and return its value, which is less than or equal
17582: This function calculates the weighted average of two points, where one point is at 7/8 and another in full weighting with an additional third
17583: This line of the given Python function is performing an arithmetic shift operation. The value 'n' bits to right in val and then adding it with
17584: This script checks the configuration file to see whether there are any datatore entries with type set as 'File'. If so, it returns its location
17585: This script is used to extract the third element from each list within 'results' and store them into another variable named "third_elements". The output
17586: If the 'Response' object does not exist or it has no value return "No Response". Otherwise check whether its length equals to zero.  In
17587: This function returns two values, 'Loss' and an empty list. It is not used in the current context of our program but could be useful
17588: This line of Python script creates an array that contains only the names from 'filenamen' which do NOT contain string ‘Marc’.
17589: This Python script splits the string "accessor" into individual parts using '.' as delimiter and then uses these pieces to extract values from
17590: This Python function calculates the number of ways to distribute 'r' items among an unbounded group with capacity at most `max_capacity`
17591: This function sorts the list of items based on their 'x' value. The lambda is used to define an anonymous or inline sorting method that
17592: This Python function checks whether the input number is even or not. It returns true when it's an integer and its remainder of division by two equals
17593: This function returns the minimum of three values. The first value is determined by finding out if length/number_of characters in word divided or multiplied
17594: This line of Python function calculates the angle between two points in degrees. The result is then converted to an integer value within its range (-9,
17595: This Python function takes as input an DNA sequence and returns its complement. It uses if/else statements to determine the corresponding nucleotide on each side
17596: This Python function checks the operating system name and returns different colored output based on whether it is POSIX ('unix')或Windows('win').
17597: This Python script defines the actions that can be performed by moving or rotating around an object using its own speed and direction in relation to another one with respect
17598: This line of the given Python script is creating an object with three properties. The first two are strings, and "property name", which was passed as
17599: This function calculates the log level based on current settings. It subtracts 'verbose' step from total steps and multiplies it by its
17600: This function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its dynamic and mass. The result is returned as "kin".  [...]   Code sn
17601: This Python function copies the input dictionary and then deletes any key that ends with "_id". The rest of keys are renamed to their original names
17602: This Python function calculates the value of an exponential decay equation. The formula is given as "return = 4 * t" and it's applied
17603: A dictionary is created to store the video views as keys and corresponding objects from 'video' list are stored under these respective key values, sorted by their
17604: This function checks whether the string 'filename' contains either of two substrings, and returns one. If it does not contain any substring from both
17605: This Python function checks whether the input string contains any character other than alphanumeric characters, and returns only its name without extension or dot at end
17606: This function returns the list of years that are common to both 'all' and not in any other year. If there is no such condition it will
17607: If the input parameters are invalid, return an error value. Otherwise if 'size' is less than ‘K’ then simply returns K else it
17608: This line of the Python script joins all elements from 'version' tuple into one string with each element separated by '.', and returns it as output,
17609: This Python function calculates the steps required to transform an input integer into one using certain rules. The rule is that, in each iteration of looping
17610: This function takes as input an array of characters and joins the elements at odd indices with '*'. The first two are not joined.  It returns
17611: This line of the function returns an image URL by concatenating 'name' with "/" and then appending ".png".  The result is always
17612: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements within an array using exponential weighted averaging. The weights are determined by 't' and each element
17613: This Python function checks whether the provided argument "coord_string" ….is an instance of class 'str' or no.' ->
17614: This program encodes the input using ROT13 cipher. The function `encode` takes an ASCII character and returns its encoded version according
17615: This Python script cleanses the output from an SSH TELNET connection by removing any empty lines that may have been produced during execution of command on remote
17616: "Returns an error message if the function is called with incorrect number of parameters. Otherwise returns None". (END OF SUMMARY).[1
17617: If the version of Python is less than 3, it will print "expected". Otherwise nothing happens and program continues as normal with no output or error
17618: Code checks if the string is palindrome or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that check – Linear time complexity O((
17619: If the input is less than (-π), return it as positive, else check whether its greater or equal to pi and then subtract from that result
17620: This Python function converts the input value to string, checks if it ends with 'S', removes trailing "es" or "'", and returns
17621: This function takes an environment variable parameter and returns the value of that env var along with its key/name as output when it is found or raises error
17622: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'considered' object which should be assumed to contain noun chunks or verb
17623: This Python script creates an empty dictionary ``` look up dict``` that will be used to store server IPs as keys with their corresponding ID'S
17624: A dictionary that maps indices to their corresponding English language terms is created using the given mapping of english_words and its reverse order as well which makes
17625: This Python script splits each string in the file by ":" and returns two values, first is an integer extracted from field ‘#’ of
17626: This function takes in two parameters, token and iteration. It returns the string concatenated with an integer value of 'str' converted from iterable object
17627: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = f(x). The coefficients are given in an array.  It uses four terms to calculate each term
17628: This line of Python script is splitting the string "entity" by its parentheses and returning only what's inside between them, effectively removing any
17629: This Python function finds the position of '\n' character in given string from start to end with an optional 'index'. If no such char is found
17630: This Python function checks the length of an input list, and returns either one or two elements based on that. If it's exactly equal to '
17631: This function converts decimal to its equivalent in the form of 1s and/or zeros. The input is converted into two'd representation
17632: This function returns the value of an 'offer' based on its type. If it is not recognized, then default to return -4 as per
17633: This line of the given Python script normalizes an image by dividing each pixel's RGB value with its maximum possible intensity, then scales and shifts
17634: This function takes in text as input and returns the same string with all newline characters replaced by spaces. It uses Julia's builtin functions to
17635: This line of the given python script splits "docID" by "_design/" and returns only part after that, which is 'appName'.
17636: This Python script creates an output dictionary with the keys "Group", “DBName”, etc. and assigns values from input 'data'
17637: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
17638: This Python function converts an input value to degrees, taking into account the minutes and seconds of that minute as well in its conversion process by subtracting
17639: This Python function counts the number of occurrences where 'a' dictionary values are equal to another given dictionaries with specific keys present within them."
17640: This line of Python script multiplies the values in 'P' and '/', then divides them by another value. The result is stored back into
17641: This Python script generates an empty string, then iterates over the list of dictionaries. If there is at least one dictionary present it appends its
17642: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17643: Loops through all the elements of 'keys' function and assigns each element to variable. Then checks whether it contains an attribute named as per condition
17644: This line of Python script is creating an array by multiplying each element from the first list with another. The resultant output will be stored into third
17645: This Python function takes in the string 'bibliography' and returns two strings - one with only serial number from it ('returned by stripping
17646: This Python function calculates the value of two variables, 't' and returns their sum after applying an exponential decay to one variable over another using linear
17647: This line of Python script converts the given number in seconds to nanoseconds. It'll be useful when we need more precision than just
17648: This line of the script creates an array that represents transformation parameters needed to convert from one coordinate system into another using GeoTransform function in GDAL library
17649: This line of Python script is used to get the base file and extension from path. The function 'basename' gets only filename part while splitting it
17650: This Python function sorts the three lists provided by 'promise' dictionary based on their corresponding values. The result is then stored back into another list called
17651: This line of the program assigns values from two points in 3D space. The variables are named as 'p' followed by their respective coordinates
17652: This Python function checks whether the given environment variable value can be split by commas and then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element of
17653: This function returns the difference between two times in seconds. It takes into account if there is an increment or decrement of time, and adjusts it
17654: This python script counts the number of times it needs to square root an integer until its value is less than or equal two, and then returns that count
17655: This Python function returns the length of source string as an attribute "len" in dictionary format. The key is named 'source' and its value corresponds
17656: This Python function takes two lists of four elements as input and returns their dot product. The inputs are unpacked into separate variables to make the operation more
17657: This function checks if the given object is of type 'Container' and returns True, otherwise it will check whether its parent has been set to be an
17658: This function checks if every string element of the list 'par', is an uppercase letter. If not, it returns False; otherwise True –
17659: This Python function converts the time in seconds to hours/minutes format. For example if t = 7894 then it will return '
17660: This script filters the list of 'Universal Units' based on which specific "lines". It then prints each one that is not included, along
17661: This function returns the same result as before, but with an extra line of Python syntax to make it more concise and readable by some people who
17662: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is given by dividing ‘h’ squared with 'beta'.
17663: This function returns '3' when the input is greater than zero, otherwise it will always output "1". The condition in question was to check whether
17664: This line of the given Python script is extracting and returning an extension from filename. The function splits by '.' to get all parts, then
17665: This python script is used to get the "captions" from json data. It takes an id and returns its corresponding 'cap'tion if it
17666: Return true if the two objects are not equal, false otherwise. If either of them is null then it returns whether they're both nonnull or
17667: Counts the number of opening and closing brackets.  The counts are stored as dictionary values with characters being keys to make it easy later on how
17668: This Python function takes two lists of RGB values as input and returns the color at each pixel in an image. The colors are calculated by taking one value
17669: This Python script counts the number of occurrences within given list. The variable 'word' is defined and checked if it exists inside each element from
17670: This function converts the file extension to its corresponding JPEG equivalent. If an invalid or unknown format is provided, it returns None – as
17671: This Python script splits the classes into equal parts across multiple GPUs. The number of partitions is determined by dividing `NUMBER OF CLAS
17672: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
17673: This function returns the percentage of characters in 'name' that are uppercase letters. (code omitted due to space constraints)."%".
17674: This Python script splits the input string by comma and converts each part to an integer before returning them as separate integers in order of 'line'.
17675: If the 'Variant' parameter in function call, return it. Else print an empty string and end with dot followed by space character as default
17676: This Python function converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. It does so by taking the input in celsuis and
17677: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns zeros. This function checks whether or not an input integer value of "zero" has been
17678: This line of Python script generates the 'canonical' topic key based on locale, product slugs and topics. The keys are created by concatenating
17679: This python function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given mass and velocity, which is then returned as 'k'. The formula used here to calculate
17680: This Python script calculates the total number of accessions that have at least one hit. It does so by iterating over each item within 'out
17681: If the loss of connection is equal to 'link' times ten, return color from list. Else check whether it exceeds by one unit than current
17682: A function that maps the attributes of fontspec to their corresponding id.  It creates an empty dictionary and populates it with each unique attribute from "
17683: This Python function checks whether two strings or an RsaPublicKey object are the same as their base 3 encoded versions by comparing them after removing any
17684: This function returns the path to save CSV file of given star id. The filename is constructed by appending '.cs' at end and prepend
17685: This python script calculates the number of hours it takes to complete an activity given its total time, power consumption and maximum possible energy. The result is
17686: If 'b' is not zero, it returns the result of dividing "a" by its value; otherwise return an error message or default to
17687: This Python function calculates and returns 'Theta' based on given parameters, which is defined as Temperature times Pressure raised to power of A divided
17688: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic shift operation on 'int' type variable. The resultant value after shifting right by
17689: This function checks if the given list of tuples is valid. It returns false and stops as soon it finds an invalid tuple where second item less
17690: This Python function takes an iteratable object and returns the middle element of that sequence. If there is no such thing as "middle" in sequences,
17691: This Python script generates the list of gifts based on an inputted integer. The function checks whether or not to return specific messages depending upon what value is
17692: This line of the Python script calculates and returns half an hour's worth in hours, which is equivalent to one day divided by two as per
17693: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the PID from command line input string "t". If no matches are found it returns "-1
17694: This Python function tries to convert the input string `s` into an ASCII representation. If it fails, then return original value of 's'.
17695: This python script calculates the intersection and union of two rectangles. The coordinates are given in an array format where each element represents one side length or
17696: This script will list all the non-.txt file names from given directory and its subdirectories using Python's builtin function 'os'.
17697: This Python function converts dictionary values to lowercase and assigns them as keys of the output dict with their corresponding value from input Dictionary 'dic'.
17698: This function returns the number of vowels ('a','e'...,'u') present within string `s`. It uses Python set and filter
17699: This function takes in an input string, and returns the same output as long it'll be less than or equal to 1 character. If not
17700: This line of the given Python script returns all unique elements in both regions and ssm parameters, which are keys from 'ssm' dictionary respectively that
17701: This function returns an object with the given 'name' and its corresponding numeric score.  The scores are based on how well it matches to any
17702: This Python function takes an input list of strings, and returns another string array where each element is the extension part after '.' character from original names if
17703: This function calculates the normalized version of four input variables in Python using Euclidean distance formula and returns them as tuples if they are not zero
17704: This script splits the string 'servers' into two lists, and then creates dictionary from another list of strings using key as first element split by "
17705: This function takes two parameters and returns the horizontal alignment ("Left/Right") as well – vertical alignments("Top / Bottom"). The values
17706: This line of the given Python script is defining two variables, 'u' and 'v', which are assigned to be equal values from an array called
17707: If the list 'ama' is empty or contains only one element return true and its length. Otherwise returns false with both values as ‘False’
17708: This Python function creates copies of the input list and checks if it is equal to either one, two rows at once. If so then returns True;
17709: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. If 'num' is zero, it returns num; otherwise return recursive call of itself
17710: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
17711: Code converts the given number of milisec to human readable format. For example, if input is '4879' it will
17712: This function counts the number of ones in an input mask. The result is returned as output from another method call, which also takes into account if there
17713: This Python function calculates the sum of squares and half it. The result is then converted to an integer, which represents one segment in our sequence or
17714: This is an example of Python function that checks whether the variable 'v' equals to empty string. If it does, then returns `None`;
17715: This Python script generates an array of colors based on the index value from another list, which is used to color each node according its position within that other
17716: This Python function checks the validation accuracy of each result, then returns only those that exceed given 'threshold'. If no such value exists or it'
17717: This line of the script calculates and returns maximum value among "Skymarket" ("sqm"), header data from an API response, or
17718: This function checks the type of data and returns different strings based on that. If it's not 'packaged', then return an empty string,
17719: This Python function takes in an input list 'din' and returns the maximum value from that array. It uses recursion to find out if there
17720: This program calculates the reverse of an integer. It multiplies each digit by ten and adds it to 'result' which is initially zero, then
17721: A datastructure in Python that represents the data stream. The fields are Temp., Posn./ Drno ID and Type of Datas/t
17722: This Python script splits the input string into components and creates an ordered dictionary with these values in that order using list comprehension to create 'detail'
17723: This Python script iterates over the length of 'words' and removes leading/trailing whitespace from each element. The result is an array with
17724: This Python script counts the number of rows in an input CSV and returns that count along with another two elements. The first element is “File
17725: This function calculates the accuracy of two lists by comparing corresponding elements and counting matches as well count them to calculate average score per reference list size or prediction
17726: This function returns the city name based on its location. It checks if 'row' is equal to either of two strings, and when it does so
17727: This Python script is fetching the SageMaker input artifact'S “Buckets” and "Keys". The 'Input Artif
17728: This function takes an input number and returns the rounded value of that num. ..., Python Code ends here"   }' | cut -
17729: Return true if the note is 'PSEUD' and isotope type isn’t either ‘UNDET”, nor IS NOT of class
17730: This function recursively traverses through nested lists and dictionaries to find all file paths within them using the "_get_file_paths()" helper
17731: This Python script splits the input string by underscores, capitalizes each word and then joins them back together with an empty space between every two
17732: This line of the Python script converts both variables to lowercase, which is useful when comparing strings in case insensitive manner like 'Origin' and
17733: This python script opens and appends messages into an existing text document with error handling mechanism in place."""  Code Explanation : The function `try
17734: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by shifting bits to right four places and then taking bitwise AND with binary
17735: A function that creates and returns an empty dictionary with the keys as group labels from "options['groupLabel']", each key mapped to its own index
17736: This line of the given Python script is checking whether or not there's an input name. If it does, then we limit its output to
17737: A one line description of the program. The purpose and functionality are clearly stated in detail here, followed by "return". This will be used to return
17738: This function splits the input string by commas, ignoring any leading or trailing whitespace. If there are no elements in resultant list
17739: This Python script converts all the second column of each source file into uppercase and returns them as list with one element per row/file –
17740: This line of the function calculates an elementwise power operation, where 'h' is some constant and Xi denotes any variable. The result will
17741: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17742: This Python script reads an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip() method then splits that resultant text
17743: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17744: This Python script calculates the encryption key using an algorithm. The loop runs 'public\_keys' times, and each time it multiplies its current
17745: This Python function checks if the first and last elements of an input list are parentheses. If they're not in correct order it raises error
17746: Creates and returns an updated dictionary with the specified values, but only if they are not already present in original dictinary 'INcar'. If so
17747: This function checks if two strings are equal, ignoring the case and special characters. If any character in both string is different it returns false otherwise true
17748: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations. The left shift operator '<<' has been used to move bits in x,
17749: If there are no humans, the function returns zero; otherwise it calculates and then checks how many of these "human" units we have in total
17750: This line of the Python script replaces all underscores in an element with spaces, and returns it as is otherwise return original string unchanged –
17751: This line of the given Python script multiplies two vectors by their corresponding elements and sums them up.  The result is returned as an output from function
17752: If 'src_hashediff' isn’t present as an element of the dictionary then it returns that same value. Otherwise checks whether its type
17753: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17754: This Python function calculates the value of 'hus' based on an equation given in comments, and returns it as per requirement using one line calculation expression
17755: This function returns different URLs based on the provided 'server' parameter, which determines where to find user profile information in oppGG platform or any
17756: This Python script calculates the number of common languages between two sets. The criteria are defined by "criterion" dictionary and it splits each
17757: This Python script checks whether the input string 'XREFS:' is present or not, and returns an empty dictionary when it isn’t found;
17758: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17759: This line of the script is finding an element in 'repo' and returning its corresponding value from two lists if it exists; otherwise returns nothing or default
17760: This Python script splits the input string into an array of values separated by commas using split() function and returns both arrays as output in tuple format
17761: This function returns the smallest absolute difference between an item and another number. It uses Python's built in lambda to define what constitutes 'small
17762: This line of Python script creates and returns list comprehension. It takes two lists as input - variables &amp;#40;&lt;/code
17763: This Python function splits the input string into four parts using '-' as separator and returns them in that order if they are exactly 4 characters
17764: This function checks whether two given indices are within the same range. If they're not and one of them is out side its own defined scope then
17765: This Python function takes in the path to repository directory as input and returns last part of that string after removing any leading slash("/"). If it starts
17766: This program finds all prime numbers up to the given number. It uses an optimized method of checking primality by only testing factors less than or equal sq
17767: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17768: This function takes in date as input and returns the same formatted with "*" character.  It is used to create an example of how one might use
17769: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer that corresponds to one among four possible shapes. If no match is found, it defaults back into error
17770: This function returns the values between 'min' and min('vale+6', "limit") inclusively. It takes into account that if
17771: Code checks if the first character of an expression is "$" or not. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false  [...]
17772: This Python function calculates the score of an application based on its statistics, which includes statements(s), error count and warning counts etc., using some
17773: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns m3' s value multiplied by two, then it converts that result to metric tons
17774: This Python function calculates the next highest power of two that is less than or equal to x using bitwise operations and math library functions in python language
17775: This function returns the string 'Al CYCLE {}.{},{}'. formatting with arguments.  The first two are integers and represent
17776: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python's built in 'sum()'.   The input is
17777: This script compares two lists and returns the elements that are present only on one list, ie., those which have been removed from another manually entered
17778: This Python function is used to map nodes from two different graphs. It creates dictionaries that maps each node of the first graph into an unique id,
17779: This Python script removes all the specified characters from input string.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively check each element of "data" and only
17780: This line of Python script calculates the Chi square statistic, which is used to test if there are significant differences between two categories in one or more
17781: This Python function returns the list of all available match objects in your system. The "matchers" are used to find and filter events based on specific
17782: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on gamma. The formula is derived from physics and it's used in various applications such as
17783: This Python script checks the 'Launch' key of dictionary `dict`. If it exists and contains valid date information ("YY YY"), then
17784: This function returns the string concatenation of 'Field Name' and '_min'. It also merges some default values into it.  The result is
17785: This script checks if the input string contains any numbers. If it does, then sets 'address\_has\_number' to True and prints an error
17786: This Python script is used to process the 'provenances' dictionary from an external file using list comprehension with conditional statements within it."  [
17787: This function calculates the difference between two values in one line. It first finds maximum of second value and minimums from both input variables; then it
17788: This function trims whitespace from both ends and converts string inputs to lower case when possible; otherwise it raises an error with the type that'
17789: This Python function converts grayscale values to RGB. If the input is outside its valid domain, it raises an error message and returns zero;
17790: This function checks the first few characters of an input string to determine which organism it belongs too, based on its unique identifier ("uid"). It returns
17791: This line of the given Python script modifies an existing dictionary "x" by adding or subtracting 'add size' from its start and stop values
17792: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17793: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
17794: This Python function checks if the matrix is coupled. A couple of rows or columns are said to be "cooked" by having different numbers, which
17795: This python function calculates the current time in video based on frames and framerat. It's used to calculate how much of each second is
17796: If the "mode" variable is equal to 1, return value of 'target'. Else check whether it's equals two. In both
17797: This Python function calculates the value of an object with given parameters and returns it based on some formula, which is not clear from its name or description
17798: This function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The input is checked if it's within the valid indexing bounds and then returns
17799: This Python script splits the data into different portions based on given fractions. It also calculates how much of each portion is left over and adds
17800: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is an
17801: This function returns different values based on the value of 't' in Python, with some conditions being met first and then returning other specific results depending upon
17802: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers, then uses that to calculate how many times it can be divided by another number and subtracts
17803: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same list with parentheses around each word that is not part thereof or surrounded
17804: This Python script creates and populates the list 'h' with calculated values based on another given frequency table, then returns that as well formatted string representation
17805: This function converts the input value to string.  It's used in various places where we need strings as output, such us logging or displaying
17806: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17807: This Python script converts all non-"list" values to lists of one element and returns the modified inputted 'dict' object as output –
17808: This function returns twice the input number plus one. It's an example of simple arithmetic operation in Python programming language, which is used to demonstrate
17809: This Python function reverses the order of names in an input string, separated by commas and spaces using join() method with reverse().  It also
17810: This Python script splits the given 'timestamp' into its constituent components, and then constructs an object of type `datetime` from these elements
17811: This Python function calculates the complex exponential of an input value. The result is then normalized to fall within [e^(-∞), -]
17812: “Car travels at speed x km/h, it takes y hours and z minutes”."""  (END OF CODE BLOCKS
17813: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is less than two but not equal zero it returns that number as such otherwise recurs
17814: This Python function calculates the distance between two points on Earth's surface using their longitude and Latitudes. The result is in kilometers
17815: This function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two dictionaries of ratings, and returns that value or '-1' when there are no shared keys
17816: This line of the function subtracts 'align' from its input value, then returns that result. The '%', or modulo operator is used
17817: This Python script checks whether the input 'objec't mask variable has been defined as an instance of dictionary. If it hasn’ tbeen given
17818: A dictionary with keys "ugenc" and value of security in the form {"urgeny",{"secuity"}". The other three key
17819: This line of the FastText model is used to extract only label from text. It splits fasttxt labels and then takes second part after splitting by
17820: This Python function takes an array A and the number to find pairs that sum up with given 'target'. The result is returned as count of such combinations
17821: This function checks if all the required keys are present in new user data and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, ie., it ver
17822: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using mathematical operations and returns it as float number (-). The formula used is given in comments, but
17823: Return the user's data with their score and time left. The difficulty level is determined by how much more points are needed to reach next levels in
17824: This line of the given Python script is performing an arithmetic right shift operation on 'x' by 1 bit. The result will be stored in
17825: This python function calculates the value of an equation based on user input. The formula is as follows, and it returns its result in one line only
17826: This function takes in the string "name" and checks whether its last character is an uppercase or lower case letter. If it'is, then
17827: This line of the script checks if "release name", which is assumed to be in string format and contains either '4K' or ‘HD
17828: This script fetches the keyword patterns from TextMATE's repository and returns them as list.  It is used to get all keywords that are
17829: This Python script converts an integer into its binary representation. The result is stored in the 'decodes' list, with each element representing one byte
17830: This is an example of how to initialize variables in Python, which will be used later on the program flow with calculations and results displayed as output at last
17831: This Python function uses regular expressions to extract the first part of an identifier string, which should be unique within its context or grouping in some way and
17832: This Python script counts the number of digits and checks if it's more than half or not, returning True/False accordingly based on that count
17833: This Python script opens the specified .txt or any other type of text files and writes to it using 'with' statement which automatically closes after use
17834: This function checks if the string starts with "limi" and/or 'err' in Python, returning True only when it does NOT start these
17835: This function checks if the MIME type starts with 'applicaiton' followed by either '.', +, json'. If it does then returns
17836: This Python script generates an alphanumeric character sequence of the specified size from ASCII letters and digists using randrange function to select characters
17837: Returns the prediction at index new_inde from list of all possible outcomes.  This is done by referencing an element in Python's dictionary
17838: If the PPV and PR are both zero, return 'none'. Otherwise calculate & Return result of division between these two values – in Python language
17839: Returns the name of an object's parameter.  It is assumed that "item" and its subobjects have keys named 'param', which contains
17840: This Python function checks whether the input string is binary or it has an invalid character. If any of them are incorrect, then raise error message "Invalid
17841: This line of the given Python script is changing an element in list 'cpra' from index 0 to value X. The condition checks whether second
17842: If the string ":" is found in 'title', return all characters before it. Else, just take whole content of `'title'.`
17843: Returns the value associated with "kln" key in dictionary 'analysis'. If not found, it returns an empty dictonary {} as default argument
17844: This function calculates the difference in natural logarithm of two numbers. It's used to measure how different they are, with larger values indicating greater
17845: This Python function takes in base3 encoded string and returns the second part of it after splitting by ";" as well two other components separated with "/".
17846: This Python script counts the number of parkeds vehicles. It iterates over all given list and checks if each vehicle from that lisst has been
17847: This Python script initializes two variables, 'd_chamber' and ‘’(empty space), with values of .25 each to
17848: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17849: This Python script replaces the parentheses in an inputted comma separated list of numbers and splits them into two separate integers, returning these as
17850: If the time difference in seconds is greater than 0, return false. Else check whether nseconds are less and then either way true or else
17851: This Python script reads lines from an input file and checks each one to see whether it starts with the word chain or not; If so then removes all
17852: This Python function checks whether the input `is_string` and raises an error message when it's false; otherwise returns another dictionary with wildc
17853: This function checks if the last character of an input string is "*" and removes it. If not present then returns original value as output else return modified
17854: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 'rank' value. If it is less than or equal to zero then set its initial state as
17855: This Python script creates an object that maps function names to their corresponding integer values. The functions ReadDa... is mapped with 0, CreateFils
17856: This Python script checks the accuracy of prediction by comparing predicted and actual values. It counts how many times it predicts correctly based on cycle type, men
17857: This function checks if the number is in dictionary and returns true or false based on its presence. If it's not present, then return "False
17858: Checks if the first character of each versioning string starts with "V" followed by either “.”, ". ", """, then returns
17859: This line of the Python function returns an incremented version with respect to 'index' by adding or subtracting certain values. The result is then returned
17860: This python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two colors. The input is color in RGB format and output will be float value of eucled
17861: This Python function checks if the value of 'var' is within an error margin, and returns it rounded to nearest integer or not depending on whether its
17862: If the start of one interval is greater than its end, or vice versa in two intervals then return false; otherwise check whether both ranges overlap by
17863: If the model name contains 'DenseNet', sets its processing mode to torch.  Else, checks whether it's named with N
17864: This function checks the type of an element and returns it in different formats based on certain conditions. If 'atyp' equals to X then return as
17865: This Python script creates two empty strings, "left" and “Right.” It then takes in an input string from the user which is split
17866: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17867: This Python function sorts the list of topic IDs based on their version number in ascending order using lambda and map functions with split() method to
17868: Returns true if the string is lowercase and one of specific values, else false. This function checks whether given input matches any value from provided list or
17869: Code returns the owner and repository of an input string.  It is used in various functions to identify different repositories or users' projects within GitHub
17870: This Python script checks whether the given conditions are met and returns an appropriate value based on them, which is then used in another function to calculate some values
17871: This function checks whether the input string starts with an opening bracket [, ends in closing square brakets ], ]], returns True. If not
17872: If the input number is one, it returns 'one'. Otherwise nothing. This function checks whether an integer value of "n" equals to One and
17873: This Python script creates and returns the values of dictionary 'dict' based on input string split by comma '.'; it then uses list comprehension to create
17874: This function returns the input as is when it's “zero”, otherwise removes any negative sign from front of an integer. If no such
17875: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an output value. The input parameters are Nuc, which is calculated as 0 if it'
17876: This script is used to create the dictionary of arguments required by BOTO3, which are AWS credentials. The keys correspond with specific environment variables that
17877: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using "." as separator and returns them in separate variables named 'Database Name' &
17878: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an updated dictionary that is made by copying from one existing Dictionary, 'Dict 3' which
17879: This function checks if the number is power of two. It does so by checking whether n equals to zero, or its binary representation has only one bit
17880: If 'X' is zero, return Zero. Otherwise calculate the result of applying function `f` to float version ('FLOAT_OF
17881: This Python function checks if the Tone.js configuration is set up correctly and returns its type, or fetches it from pypepath otherwise depending
17882: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at first occurrence of ':'. If no such character is found, it returns an empty String instead
17883: This function returns the file path of either 'fake' or actual cryptocurrency positions data depending on whether it is called with an argument that indicates its
17884: This script converts the input values of 'a' and ‘b’ to floats. The variables are then used in calculations involving these new
17885: This Python function appends the next number to each element in an input list, skipping over any numbers that are not multiples of 3 or
17886: This Python function extends the list of items associated with each key from one dictionary to another using deep copy and concatenation methodologies which is similar as copying
17887: This Python script generates the file name of an input filename with "degree_dist." appending to it and returns that as output in TSV format
17888: If no specific model was provided, return false; otherwise check whether the predict method of an object returns lists when called with one argument or not - indicating
17889: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'tags' array from another dictionary and appends each name to our new "list
17890: This Python function converts two dictionaries into one dictionary by merging the key/value pairs from both of them, but only if they have matching
17891: This function takes an integer and its corresponding multiplication factor as input, performs the operation to multiply them together then prints out "The Result is..." followed
17892: This function checks if the given string ends with an ancestor of another in lowercase, ignoring case differences between paths/strings as well it spl
17893: This function calculates the standard deviation of x from its mean. It's an important step in data preprocessing, especially when working with machine learning
17894: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same as it is but with each character replaced by its corresponding underscore. For example "hello
17895: Code checks if the first character of an item is '(' or not. If it's true then returns True else False  [1 line]
17896: If 'None' or an empty string are passed to the function it returns true; otherwise return false unless its type matches with any of other types in
17897: This function calculates the value of c in terms per cent. It takes three parameters - n, p and r which are all integers or floats
17898: This function checks whether the provided object 'input' ('obj') and its corresponding parameter are dictionaries. If they aren’t both of type
17899: This Python function generates all pairs of factors that are less than or equal to the square root and greaterthan 3 from an input number 'N'.
17900: This Python script attempts to get the value of 'Name' from dictionary named `Config`. If it fails, an exception is caught and no action
17901: This Python function calculates the speed up factor between two different number of threads. The formula is derived from parallel computing theory and it'll be used
17902: This function checks if the given list of cards has exactly one unique suit among them, and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it
17903: This function finds the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points within given path. The result is returned as four values representing these boundaries on an axis pairwise
17904: This Python function performs bitwise OR operation on the input number and shifts it to different positions. The result is returned as an integer, which can be
17905: If the remaining 'depth' is  zero, it returns true. Otherwise checks whether current state ends with any of given states and return false otherwise returning
17906: This Python function converts RGB values to grayscale. It takes an input tuple of three elements, each ranging from [0..RGB],
17907: "Returns True when the input is equal to virus"   Writtent By : Name of person who wrote it. The date and time are also
17908: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers if their sum is not zero, otherwise it returns one and finally computes an averaged value between three
17909: This function returns the string 'Hello,' followed by $variable.  The variable is passed as an argument to be replaced in place of `'`
17910: Removes all non ASCII characters from the input string.  It replaces any character that is not in range of ascii with nothing and
17911: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case and leaves the rest of string as it is, creating an equivalent version with no capital letters
17912: This Python script multiplies each element of the first list by corresponding elements from second matrix, and appends these results to another empty array 'Result'.
17913: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
17914: A function that generates the desired output. The input is multiplied by ndims, then appended with 'Depth' and finally concatenated to
17915: This Python function sorts the given list of locations by three different keys. The first is 'Region', second one being "State", and third would be
17916: "A simple Python implementation to check whether or not their sums are both odd/even"	}""")```   This line will be used in
17917: Code is used to parse JSON data. It's an essential tool in web development, especially when dealing with APIs and sending/receiving
17918: This function checks if the current playing cards are less than or equal to total number of pegging. If they're, it returns 'Play
17919: If the input 'None' or an empty string returns [], otherwise it checks whether its type matches with "list" and return itself. Else returning
17920: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using dynamic programming. It uses memorization to avoid redundant calculations and thus improves efficiency by
17921: Checks the type of transaction, whether it is ptoosh script or not. If all conditions are met then returns true else false – based
17922: This line of the given Python script is returning value from "data" dictionary. The key to access it's text field in nested structure, which
17923: Copies dictionary 'd' and replaces each value with the corresponding one from another given dict object or default to `None` if it doesn’
17924: Calculates the absolute difference between two corners of rectangle ‘Rectangle’ and adds one to each side. This is done twice, once in x
17925: This Python script splits the input string into an array of individual elements and then rearranges them to return as output in format {}.  The
17926: This function returns the corresponding value based on how close an input is to one of several predefined values, with each step increasing in severity by
17927: This Python function takes an image name as input, splits it into three parts using underscores (_), and then formats the output string to match
17928: If the input 'Result' object has attributes as dictionary type then return it. Else convert all its properties to dictionaries and returns them one by
17929: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an angle in degrees. The function takes two parameters, 'modulo's them by three
17930: This Python function splits the input string into multiple output strings, each of which is no longer than 'width' characters long and starts with an empty
17931: This Python function takes as input an string, splits it into individual "words", and then calculates the length of each one using len(). The
17932: This function checks if the list of pages contains any duplicates. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no
17933: This Python function checks the value of 'int' parameter. If it isn’t positive number between [zero to two], then raise error message else
17934: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and processes them into two lists - one with positionally defined parameters ('arguments') – another list containing keyword
17935: Checks whether the given attribute name is present as an element of dictionary keys or not, returns true/false accordingly based on that condition – Code
17936: This Python script creates an empty Set, then adds each number from the input list to that 'Set'. The final result is just one of those numbers
17937: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
17938: This line of the given Python script is finding an index in 'tokens' where "RT" appears and if it doesn’t find any,
17939: Connects and prints connection status of the PostgreSQL Database using libpq library in Julia language with environment variable DATABASE URL set up correctly, if
17940: If the length/size or 'string' in question exceeds specified "requested" size then it raises an exception with message indicating that and returns original
17941: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
17942: A function that takes the dictionary of flows and returns an object with fields matching those from each input. If no matches are found it will return empty dict
17943: This Python function cleans the input string by removing accents, replacing spaces with underscores and converting to all lowecase.  It is used
17944: Sort the table by start time of each row, if two rows have same stop value then merge them into one with step added to their starting point;
17945: This Python script loops over all the given 'campaigns' and returns an appropriate "bias" value based on whether or not it is within
17946: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
17947: This Python function calculates the linear equation of form 'y=mx+c' using matrix multiplication.  The input is two lists, one representing
17948: This function splits the string 'arn' into an array of strings, then returns whether there are more than one elements in that list or not by
17949: If the number points is less than three, it raises an error. This means that you can't create or manipulate objects with fewer then necessary
17950: This line of the Python script splits an input string by underscore and returns only first part. The result is stored in variable 's'. If
17951: This Python function converts binary mask to its corresponding invert.  It iterates over each character of the input string, if it's an actual
17952: This Python script converts the list of bytes to string. The byte values are then converted into their corresponding ASCII characters using builtin function 'ch
17953: This Python script creates and returns the result of multiplying each number within an input list by some coefficient, creating new lists with these results as elements only
17954: This function checks if the second field of any record in an input list is empty. If it's not, then returns True; otherwise False."""
17955: Find the minimum and maximum values of two lists in Python. The first list is [min,max] while second one also has same structure with it
17956: This Python function calcula...(truncated to first two sentences). It takes in an input dictionary and returns the values of "Scientific
17957: This Python function sorts the input list and returns only unique elements, preserving order of original sequence as it was given by user or programmer if they are
17958: Removes the last three characters from string 'pkg' and returns it.  This is done to remove "lib/" at end of package name in
17959: Returns the value of "active" key in dictionary. If it doesn't exist, returns None by default or can be set to any other specific
17960: This function returns the first two numbers in an array of three elements. If 'n' is zero it will return [zero_value(default=
17961: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the same length as input arrays, then iterates over each element and replaces it by its minimum
17962: Copies the 'deep copy' of `predict` output to another variable named "Predicted Output".  This is done in order not only
17963: This Python function sorts an array of integers using the bubble sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^2)/3).  It's
17964: This Python function returns the string 'Completed', when given an input of 1, and it will return either one or two strings depending on what
17965: This function calculates the sum of cubes from one to n. It's based on mathematical formula which is derived by using arithmetic progression
17966: This function calculates the value of 'y' based on input values. The range and optimal point are defined by parameters, with different ranges depending upon
17967: This Python script copies the dictionary and deletes any entries with null values from it using 'is' operator to check if value of an entry exists or
17968: This function checks if the string 'Since' is one of three specific strings ("Daily","Weekly," or “Monthly”). If
17969: Counts the number of occurrences in different types/formats ("Windows", "Mac" and "Linux line endings").  The counts
17970: This function reads the file and returns its content as string. It's used to load data from files in Python programming language using builtin functions like
17971: This Python function generates the binary representation of an integer by shifting left and incrementing. The result is 3 bit long as it increments with each
17972: This function checks the 'tc' dictionary to see whether it contains an entry with key of sterr. If so, then returns all lines that contain
17973: This Python function checks whether each element within 'sha' parameter has "sha" key present inside it which represents commit hash value from GitHub API response
17974: This Python function converts all the characters of an input string to their corresponding ASCII values, then counts how many times each unique value appears and finally
17975: If 'a' is less than the value of variable "b", it returns 1 and then prints out what was in varable `b`
17976: This Python script creates an environment with specific parameters. The variables C, W , K and F are set to the number of customers/DCS /
17977: This Python function calculates the maximum of all values within each sublist/matrix. The result is returned as an integer, 'RET'.  It
17978: This Python function returns an HTTP response with the content type set to 'applcation / json' and optionally includes another key, Token
17979: This function is used to extract the subtitles from an input dictionary of articles and translations where 'txt' or ‘TS’ are present
17980: This Python function calculates the digit sums of an integer. It checks if n belongs to either integers/longs and then it adds up all dig
17981: This Python function checks if the given list of lists is sorted by rows. It does so using slicing and comparison operations to check each sublist'
17982: This line of the script sorts an array and checks if it's empty. If not sorted or is already populated with some values then returns False
17983: This function returns the URL of an API endpoint that is used to access persec data from WelLDaTABS platform, using job id as
17984: This Python script deletes certain keys from the dictionary 'road' based on their names. The first two conditions check whether these specific key exist, and
17985: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from the given array of strings using if condition to check whether each string
17986: This Python script checks the availability of an executable command in different OSes using either "os", or POSIX and Windows specific functions like `'
17987: This function returns the appropriate path based on what type of object is being requested. It uses an 'else' clause to return '/sfc//default
17988: A dictionary that stores the first two numbers of Fibonacci sequence. The key is number and value are corresponding values in fib(n).
17989: This line of the given Python script is creating spaces. It's doing so by multiplying 3 times 'tab'. The value assigned to `
17990: This is the basic implementation of Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It's simple and easy to understand, but it has an exponential
17991: Perform elementwise multiplication of three vectors and then add the results. The order in which operations are performed is not specified by Python's operator preced
17992: This Python script filters out the projects that are not present either as user'd or publicly available. It does so by checking if each `db`
17993: If the Python version is 3.6, return 'xml' else default to returning "xml". This function will always be called with an argument
17994: This script creates an empty list and then iterates over each 'polyLine' object within another "polylines" collection/object which contains multiple
17995: This function calculates the coordinates of an image's central point and its diameter. The result is returned as four values in one line separated by comm
17996: This function checks if the given clues are present within some form of payment information. It does so by checking each one against different possible fields such as
17997: This Python function checks the length of input strings and returns an estimate based on whether it is greater than halfway through its characters, returning zero otherwise with
17998: This script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with values based on the third column of each line and checks if any two columns are present at
17999: This Python function calculates the total of all divisors from 3 to 'number'. It uses list comprehension and modulo operator. The
18000: If the length of 'tablename' is more than 31 characters, it truncates to first half and then appends its SHA
18001: This function takes in two parameters, the string 'i' and an integer number. It returns part of that inputted text starting from index "len
18002: This Python function splits an inputted 'identifier' into two separate pieces based on the "_". If it is equal to either of three specific strings
18003: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty list called 'ifces' and populating it with elements from another dictionary. The condition inside
18004: This Python function calculates the area of Gaussian curvature using its formula, which is derived from trigonometric identities and uses radian conversion to degrees
18005: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns value 'cx_u' which is equal to '- 2.' times variable "cd
18006: This function calculates the value of an equation based on input parameters. The result is returned as output from another part in your program, which uses it
18007: This function calculates the next number in Collaçt's sequence using Euler’ s formula, which is based on mathematical induction and has
18008: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18009: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18010: This function takes two bounding boxes as input and returns the smallest possible box that can contain both of them. The four coordinates are returned in order -
18011: This Python script calculates the net present value of an investment. It takes into account both eBIT and interest payments, but only uses those that are
18012: This Python script creates and returns an array of three elements, each calculated as the difference between two corresponding values in input arrays 'va' &amp;
18013: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using '.' as separator and returns them in integer form if possible; otherwise it will return
18014: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
18015: This line of the script calculates and returns 1/samples second. It'll be used to control how often we sample from our data
18016: This piece of Python script is used to determine the batch size based on whether it's being run in CPU or GPU mode. If running under '
18017: This line of the Python script checks whether an input character is either 'o' ('\x7f') OR empty. If it finds any,
18018: If the current node's maximum recursion level is equal to its own, it means that we have reached our target. In such case function returns
18019: Create dictionary with keys "limited", and values from headers.  Dictionary is used to store the number of requests that have been made, how many seconds
18020: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two dictionaries using the 'in' keyword to check if keys exist before adding
18021: This Python function checks whether the given index is odd or even. It returns true when it's an "odd" number, and false otherwise by
18022: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18023: This Python script replaces all characters that are not part of the 'safe' set with '%', and then converts them to hexadecimal
18024: This Python function generates the Collatz Conjecture, which is an unsolved problem in mathematics that describes someone starting with any given number and
18025: This Python script uses list comprehension to extract the second element from each tuple present within 'top answers' and stores them into another variable named "Top
18026: This Python function splits the version number into its components and then converts them to an integer value before shifting accordingly with their position within that component of
18027: This Python function calculates the total distance traveled by two lists of velocities and positions. The velocity is considered as an absolute value, while position
18028: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' type of variable `B` matches with that in Variable A. If they match then it returns
18029: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the smallest element from each pair of corresponding elements at different positions within these inputs using list comprehension with
18030: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the ID values from Hierarchical Personalized Ontology mappings. It also handles cases
18031: Returns the clone URL of pull request's head repository.  This is useful in many applications where you need to know what repo was used as source
18032: This Python script converts HTML special characters to their corresponding ASCII counterparts. It does so by iterating over each character of the input string and
18033: This script creates an empty list and then fills it with the elements of 'word\_pais' which is sorted by their similarity to another given set
18034: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to create new filtered version 'filnames' that excludes any file names starting with the dot ('.'
18035: This python program calculates the average of all grades. It initializes variables to  zero, then iteratively adds each number from 'grade list'
18036: This Python function initializes two variables and returns them. The first variable is the score of all questions answered correctly by users; second one - an empty
18037: This Python function appends the minimum size plus one to all elements of an array until it reaches or exceeds 'num' which is passed as argument from
18038: This function filters the list of pointers based on their type. It returns only those elements that are not null and have an associated value in them
18039: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an elementwise difference between two matrices, then divides it by another matrix. The result is calculated
18040: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
18041: This function returns the translation of an argument into English. If no input is given, it defaults to 'INFO'. Otherwise - depending on its value in
18042: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the input list of 'wds' and checks if each element is present as key "
18043: This function calculates the average of two numbers. 1/4th part is done in one line using Python's arithmetic operators and parent
18044: This function prints the data and its properties. It checks if 'additional offset' is not equal with maximum value; in that case it sets additional
18045: This Python function returns the specified parameters from an input dictionary. The returned values are num points, dim sdts and centroids count in settings
18046: This function returns the string 'A' followed by an ID number, padded with zeros to make it 6 characters long. The result is
18047: If the given 'object' is neither present on either list, it will be added to both lists. Otherwise if already exists then its presence status would
18048: This function returns the string representation of an EPSG number. The epsgs are used to identify coordinate reference systems in geographic information system data sets
18049: This python function calculates the temperature effect on pressure based off of inputted Pressure P and returns it as output, using three different equations to calculate
18050: This Python function returns the given list of lists in an array format with each sublist having three elements representing [row_index; column index ; value
18051: Merges two dictionaries into one using the same keys and values from both dictionary objects 'a' & ‘b’ respectively by creating an
18052: Code returns the values of variables 'x' & ‘y’. If they are not defined, it will throw an error message "Variables
18053: This function checks the network environment and returns an EtherScan link based on it, or else just return regular address URL formatting as per given conditions
18054: This function calculates the area of triangle using base and height. (Note that it's not possible to calculate an Area with only one
18055: This Python script uses the first and second elements of two pairs to perform elementwise multiplication with some modulo operation. The result is then stored back into
18056: This function splits the input URL into its protocol and domain name using '//' as separator; then checks if it is one of four commonly
18057: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been run through another program that only allowed alphanumeric characters
18058: This line of the script reads an optional input file from commandline arguments. If it exists, then returns that filename; otherwise default to "input1
18059: This Python function counts the number of "<<" sequences that are followed by an equal amount to its preceding counterpart. The count is returned as output
18060: This function checks if the string `'['` is found at any position within given input, then it returns true only when there are no spaces before
18061: This Python function checks the longest common substring of two strings. It returns that string, or an empty strin otherwise – it'll return
18062: This Python function splits the input string by commas, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each resulting substring and only adds to list
18063: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18064: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not 'last element' in list `BOUTLIST` is equal to number "three hundred".
18065: This function divides an 'n' character long string into smaller substrings, each having at most n characters and returns these as list in reverse order
18066: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type matches with string. If it doesn’t match then raises an error "String Expected
18067: This function checks if every element in the iterables is true. If not, it returns False; otherwise True – one liner version of Python
18068: This line of the script converts an input string in HHMMSS format to degrees East, which is equivalent with Right Ascention on cel
18069: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
18070: If the 'enable' parameter isn’t provided in function call or set to False then it will print an error message. Otherwise prints out "module
18071: This Python function checks the time in millisecond or seconds and returns it formatted as string. If less than one second, return with 'x' ms
18072: This Python function calculates the average of each prefix length from an input string s and returns it as list 'A'. The number "len" is
18073: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with tuples from the 'providence' dictionary using its keys as strings to create
18074: This line of the Python script is performing an operation that checks if two numbers are equal within some small tolerance, and returns True or False accordingly based on
18075: This function counts the number of same and different clusters. It iterates over all possible pairings from 'gold' data set with respect to each other
18076: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'az' except last one.  It is similar to slicing but without using any built
18077: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18078: This Python script calculates the number of mappings needed to split an input 'number' into multiple parts using specified chunk size and total available processors
18079: This Python script is used to convert the nested dictionary format of 'sent' into flattened one using recursion and list slicing techniques from given
18080: This Python function creates an adjacency list representation of the graph. The input is two lists - one containing all nodes and another with pairs representing edge
18081: This function changes the value of an input variable based on certain conditions. It checks whether its name is equal to some specific string, and then replaces
18082: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as an instance of class "Abstract Array" or not. If it does then returns
18083: This function returns the coordinates of different crops based on their types. The return values are in order - top left x coordinate; bottom right y coor
18084: Converts seconds to hours/mins and secs. The result is padded with zeros if necessary using the "lPad" function
18085: The function returns the string 'Hello, World!' in Python.  It's an example of simple and direct coding practice using only one line to
18086: This script loops through the keys of an inputted Python Dictionary and prints each one along with its corresponding value from that same python dictonary object using
18087: If the 'column groups' feature has not been enabled, it will default to off. Otherwise on; otherwise its state remains as set in variable `
18088: If the input 'DTYPE' isn’t provided or it equals to none then return original Dataframe else convert DATA into Numpy array
18089: This Python function takes as input two lists of numbers and returns the first list after subtracting by three times its maximum value from each element. The second
18090: This line of the script retrieves all task names from configuration file and stores them in 'task_names' list variable, if not present it creates
18091: This Python function checks whether the key 'filename' is present or not. If it exists, then use that value; otherwise extract filename from url using
18092: This function returns True if the value of 'bit' in binary representation is set, False otherwise.  It uses left shift operator to get bits from
18093: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'businesseObjList' list. The keys of each item are
18094: This line of the program is setting up an equation based on whether or not there are openable door(s). If they exist, it assignes
18095: This line of the script filters out STIX objects that are not deprecated or have been revokeds in their data set by using lambda function
18096: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
18097: If the input is 'theme' with value either equal to ['census', ‘census_nisr’], return string as census
18098: This Python script is fetching the status URL of pull request from GitHub API.  It's returning it as output which can be used to
18099: This script finds the minimum id among all attributes of each unique pair. If there is no such attribute it returns 'None'.  The time complexity and
18100: This Python script tries to get the VXLAN tunnel configuration from YAML file. If an interface name is provided and it exists within v
18101: This line of the given Python script checks if "art" dictionary has an entry with key 'name' and its value ends in ".protos".
18102: If 'dividends' is even number then add it to the sum. Otherwise return zero in case of failure or error condition; otherwise do nothing
18103: This Python function returns an empty array when the input 'None' or not iterable object. If it receives another type of data like string and number
18104: This Python function calculates the values of 'u' and ‘’(single quote). The equation is derived from alpha/gamma to calculate two
18105: This function calculates the number of steps needed to reach or pass through an object given its stop and step parameters. The result is then rounded down using
18106: This Python function takes an input list of IDs and divides them into smaller lists, each containing 'size' number elements or less if the end
18107: This Python function merges two dictionaries and calculates the sum of values based on keys from both input dicts 'a' & ‘b
18108: If the 'WildCard Level' is 1, split both numbers by '.', else remove last n digits from each number based on Wild
18109: This line of the Python function returns input string stripped from leading and trailing whitespace.  It's useful in many situations where you want
18110: If the list has only one token, return that single value. Otherwise join all values in array into string with space as separator and then returns it
18111: This Python script is used to generate two lists. The first list 'Image paths' contains the different types of images that can be processed by our program
18112: This Python function splits the input word into an array of substrings using hyphen (-). Then it converts each substring to upper case and
18113: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and returns only those that start with '+', excluding any argument starting from the second character which is also
18114: This Python script calculates the temperature and pressure at sea level using three constants from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory website as well some other
18115: If the "props" key exists in 'hardware', return its value. Otherwise, an empty string will be returned as default result when no such
18116: This Python function checks whether the absolute value of 'value' is less than or equal to machine precision. If it does, returns zero; otherwise return
18117: This Python function converts sentences into indices using the given dictionary of unique tokens and unknown token, which is used to represent outliers or non-"
18118: This line of the script is creating an empty list and checking whether it're not already filled. If so then assigning one value to another variable
18119: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on two conditions, one when 'if' condition holds
18120: Removes dots and slashes from the string. Strips leading or trailing whitespace in each line of text file using Python's built
18121: This Python function takes an input string and looks up the next character that matches with 'lookFor' parameter. If no such match is found, it
18122: Code that converts the given number into its equivalent binary representation. ...(rest of your description here)."   [Replace "..." with
18123: This function matches the pattern "<tag>\n[aA]\t([^#]*)" and returns only tag if found, else
18124: This Python function calculates the overlapping region between two regions. If there is an intersection in both of them then it returns that as list else return
18125: This Python function calculates the weight of an object based on its elasticity and length. It takes as input two parameters, 'l' representing distance
18126: If the difference between 'rold' and new value of "R" is greater than or less then by .6 return true with updated R+
18127: This Python script reads the content of an UTF encoded text (.txt files). If there is any error during reading process it will print out that Error
18128: If the location is empty, return 'Stay'. Otherwise check which direction to go based on current and target locations.  For example ['A',
18129: The function prints "predictions fail" and then returns none. – [Your Name] -[Date/Time], version:[Version Number].
18130: Returns the priority of an item in dictionary. If it doesn't exist then returns default value which is set to be zero by user defined function "
18131: This Python function returns the result and an expectation string in one line formatting with newlines between them as per requirement of problem statement 104
18132: This function checks if the product of n and ‘p’ is greater than five, while also checking that their difference results in more value when '
18133: This function calculates the average latency minus recurrent latencies. It subtracts standard deviation from an inputted value to give us more insight into
18134: This Python function checks if every element of the first list 'A' is also present as an any subset within another set/list. If it finds
18135: This script generates an array of image file names based on the number specified by 'num' and appends them to "Images" list which is then
18136: Copies the 'region' list, checks if there are more than 0 elements in it; then verifies that last element is of length equal
18137: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the reverse of that. It replaces each character with its corresponding complimentary one from A to T
18138: If the URL starts with "http://" or not, it will remove that part. Otherwise - just returns original string as is – no changes
18139: This line of the given C++ program is simply returning 'c' to variable "out". It does not do anything else. – [Your
18140: This function takes in two arguments - the package and version. It returns an absolute path to that specific file by joining it with other parts of its directory
18141: Code is tracking the given test. The date and time of each individual's submission are also provided in it."}`; // This line should
18142: This line of Python script calculates the pressure in millibars from given temperature and atmospheric composition data, which is then returned as output by function
18143: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18144: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in relation to another. The input parameters are all integers and represent dimensions or sizes respectively; 'n
18145: This line of the program splits input string into individual "words" and then creates pairs ("biagrams") from these word sequences using Python'
18146: This python function takes an HTML color string and converts it into RGB values. The input is assumed to be the hexadecimal representation of colors
18147: This line of the Python script checks if 'rec' dictionary has key named as result and its value is equal to string FRAUD. If it
18148: This Python function returns the string COMMIT followed by transaction id and an empty line. The "\t" is not included in output as it'
18149: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated value 'new_q' based on some parameters. The function takes in three arguments
18150: This function returns the appropriate ordinal suffix and day of week based on an input number. It uses dictionary to map numbers from one digit upto four
18151: This function returns the number of remaining fishing trips based on how many "fish" are left. If no more, it will return one; otherwise depending
18152: This Python script is used to extract the necessary information from an input dictionary. The keys "organization" and other details are extracted into separate variables as
18153: This function returns the integer value of 'crime' based on its string representation. If it is not recognized, then default to return zero as an
18154: This Python function calculates the sum of all bits in an integer. It uses binary shifting and masking to achieve that goal, which is similar with
18155: This function takes in an input string, splits it into individual characters and then joins the second to last two elements together without any spaces between them using
18156: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18157: This Python function calculates the result of multiplying all numbers from 0 to 'b' with number "a" and then taking modulus by
18158: This Python function takes an input dictionary of 'anchors' and returns another one with the coordinates excluding their first element. The new dict is created
18159: This Python function calculates the condition of an equation based on given parameters, which is then returned as output from that calculation in one line using parenthes
18160: This Python function takes as input the content of an external file, splits it into lines and returns only three first ones if they exist; otherwise return
18161: This python script calculates the total molar volume of all given objects by multiplying their respective molecular weights and percentages, then adding them up to
18162: This Python function checks whether the input string starts with ".", and then removes it, returning only its content after removing any leading or trailing slashes
18163: This Python function checks the value of 'idx' and returns different strings based on its values. The condition is checked in an elif statement, which allows
18164: This line of Python script converts an iteratable object to its unique elements.  It uses the set() function, which removes duplicates from any
18165: If the value of 'X' is less than zero, it raises an error. “Cannot have X as -ve” in case where we
18166: This Python script creates an array of rounded values from the input list. The output is then converted to return as tuples, which are immutable
18167: Returns the part of string after prefix.  If there is no such an element, it returns all elements from index len to end in reverse order as
18168: This function converts the input value from RGB to YIQ color space, and then applies an inverse gamma correction on it by returning its linearized
18169: This Python function converts an integer into its binary representation. It repeatedly takes the quotient and remainder of division by two until it reaches zero in which
18170: This line of the Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from 'Title' variable, then converts it to Title Case using .lower().
18171: This Python script returns the flattened list by using nested loops. It iterates over each sublist of 'lst' and then within that
18172: This Python function calculates the luminance of an image given its contrast and saturation values using some specific formulae derived from human perception's color theory
18173: This function returns the reciprocal of 'n' divided by either "d" or zero, whichever is not equal to zerp
18174: Raise an error if the inputs are not both integer numbers.  This is to ensure that we're working with valid data types only, which
18175: This Python function retrieves the value of an attribute from 'colors' dictionary and returns it as integer if found; otherwise return zero in case no
18176: This function takes as input the arguments of an API call, filters out unwanted ones ("filtering"), then converts them into dictionary format that can
18177: This function calculates the bias of an object in 3D space and returns it along with other variables such as new velocity vector v_nw
18178: If the given 'index' is nonnegative, return it. Otherwise add to get absolute value of "size" and then subtract from that result
18179: This line of Python script returns the dictionary with an added key/value pair. The new value is "true", and it's being set in
18180: This Python script counts the number of sentences (".") present within given input string 'text'.  It uses split() function to break down "sentences
18181: This function returns the string repeated by -. The length of str is taken as input and then it's duplicated with '-'.  It also
18182: This line of the function calculates and returns maximum absolute value between two numbers with respect to relative tolerance.  It takes into account both positive, negative
18183: This function takes an array of strings and returns the joined version. It uses split() to break up each string into individual characters, then joins them together
18184: This line of the given Python script removes all duplicate characters from an input string. The function uses set() to remove duplicates and then joins it back
18185: This Python function takes in four coordinates as input and calculates the new position of each corner after scaling. It does so by first calculating how much to
18186: Checks whether the input parameter 'n' of function `f` in module "module_name" 1. checks that it’s type
18187: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from 'FireWall'. The keys are tuples of integers representing IP
18188: This Python script converts the input string of delays into float values and adds them to time zero. The result is then returned as an array with each
18189: This Python function checks whether the 'count' value of an existing or non existent dictionary entry. If it doesn’t, then creates one with
18190: This Python script converts the first character of each word to uppercase and all other characters in lower case, then appends '-' after it.
18191: If the link variable in MATLAB isn't empty, it returns an blank string. Otherwise - nothing to do and just returning "".
18192: Convert the given integer into another numerical system, with specified 'from' and ‘to’ bases from/into which can be between [1 -
18193: This Python function converts an integer to binary, removes the '0b' prefix and then counts how many ‘ones’ are in it by
18194: This line of the given Python script checks if 'objectId' is present as an element within list named `possibleReptacl`. If
18195: Prints the lowercase version of all elements within 'list' variable named "val".  This is done using list comprehension and Python builtin
18196: This Python function counts the number of differences between two strings. It uses itertools's 'zip()'.  The difference is incremented each time
18197: Try to evaluate the variable name and return its description if it exists. If not, an empty string is returned instead of crashing with error message "
18198: This Python function checks whether the input 'number' "is an integer". If it does not meet that condition then raises and exception. Otherwise returns its
18199: Returns the "Has Problem" value of an Article object, or false if it doesn't exist in our data structure and thus returns 'False'.
18200: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers, but only when one number is greater than another. If not true then it performs some calculation to
18201: This Python function checks whether the string 'image' is present within an image filename and extracts numerical values from it using regular expressions to determine their dimensions
18202: This line of the given Python function returns 'val' shifted left by an amount specified in "offs" bits. The shift is performed using bitwise
18203: This script checks whether the current file's namespaces are empty or not. If they aren’t, it returns an error message with their value
18204: This function takes an identifier as input and returns the string representation of that id. It's used to convert identifiers into strings, which is necessary
18205: If the color map 'cmap' isn’t defined, it will be set to “Gray”. Otherwise its value won‘ t
18206: This Python script is checking whether the string ' Parent' exists within each dictionary of `node`. If it does, then we get its value and
18207: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into hours, minutes and seconds using ":" as separator which is then converted to integer
18208: Generates the URL to download Minecraft versions from mcversion's website  by using given string as input and returning it in one line of text
18209: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18210: This function takes as input the list of files and separates them into two lists based on their extensions (.ESP or .ESM). If an
18211: If the list 'points' has more than one element, it sorts and rearranges its elements. Otherwise returns none; otherwise return sorted points as
18212: This line of the given Java Code is creating an executable JVM command to compile and run java files in directory 'classes'. The '-classpath'
18213: This is an equation that calculates the value of one investment based on its risk and returns. The formula involves three parameters, namely 'A',
18214: This function checks whether the given file name ends with any of several extensions, and returns true only when it finds one that does not match; otherwise false
18215: A dynamic programming solution to the Levenshtein distance problem.  The function takes two strings as input and returns their minimum edit cost using an auxiliary
18216: This Python function checks if the given string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing two substrings of it with each other and returns
18217: This function returns the appropriate label based on whether or not it's been successful, failed and in progress respectively. – [Your Name] -
18218: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the given dictionary of stops along with their corresponding times to travel from one point A through another
18219: Replace every group of three digits with the character 'c'.  The replacement is done in reverse order. This means that if there are more
18220: This function attempts to parse the given file and returns an array of required packages, or empty if there're errors during parsing; it also warn
18221: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It returns True if and only when both input
18222: Checks the "status" field in transaction receipt and returns whether it's 0 or not, which indicates that no error occurred during execution of
18223: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18224: This function takes in two dictionaries, "i", and returns the sum of their values. The result is returned as dictionary with key 'result'
18225: This function returns the name of an object in Python.  It takes two arguments - 'string' and "int" type variables as input which are
18226: This script calculates the length of an array and creates new arrays with default values based on that size using list comprehension or map function if needed to
18227: This Python function takes an input list of tuples and returns the minimums along with maximum values from each tuple. If no elements are present it
18228: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of provided 'keys' to check if each one is present as part or not
18229: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary 'power states' with different values based on an input state value from 8 possible ones in hexad
18230: This line of JavaScript function converts the time in hours, minutes and seconds into an equivalent number that represents total elapsed second since midnight.  It
18231: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18232: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18233: This Python function returns the values of ε and sqrt_of__ε, where "eps" is an arbitrary small number used in calculations which
18234: This line of the Python function calculates and returns how much control output has changed since last time. It takes into account both current value, its change
18235: Returns True if the given string is palindrome, False otherwise.  The function uses Python's slicing to reverse and compare with original input
18236: This script is used to find the minimum weighted path between two nodes of an undirect graph using Dijkstra's algorithm, and it also
18237: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into tokens using the "/" character as delimiters and then uses "." to split further
18238: This Python script splits the given path into two parts, and returns them in an appropriate formatting string with model name followed by its corresponding file'
18239: This function calculates the gain of an oscillator given its initial and final frequency 'xi' &amp; target ('xfin') values in Hz respectively
18240: Creates an empty 1D list of given width and height. It's equivalent to creating ndarray with zeros, but is more
18241: This function checks whether the line of given Python script contains any keyword that is either '== default' , ‘’ == delete',, ```
18242: This function checks whether the character 'a' is present and its value matches with another given one. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
18243: This line of Python script splits the given string into an array using ',' as separator and removes first element from it, returning resultant list
18244: This function calculates the base ‘b’ logarithm of 'n' and then checks if it is close to its rounded version with an absolute
18245: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input and returns the second dictionary with all keys from first one mapped to their corresponding values of both dicts respectively
18246: If the index of current node is at least halfway through heap, return zero. Otherwise calculate and Return child's indices in order to continue tra
18247: This function calculates the BMR based on an input of 'activity level'. The higher is your Activity Level, more will be returned in calories burned
18248: This Python script calculates the average of prices. It first determines how many elements are there, then it computes an arithmetic series from that number
18249: This Python script calculates the coefficients of an eigenvalue problem. It takes two lists as input and returns another list with calculated coefficient values based on given conditions
18250: This function returns the lower and upper bits of gid. The first bit is always zero because it's evenly divisible by two in binary
18251: This Python function checks the sign of given degree value. If it's positive, returns '+'. Else return '-', else an empty string
18252: This function returns either 'True' or "False" based on the distance to be considered within an object of certain maximum radius, and whether it is
18253: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the last part of Google Drive URLs, which is an ID number in format 'abcdefghijkl
18254: This Python script sorts the rows of an input file and checks if any two adjacent elements are identical, incrementing "VALID" count each time it finds
18255: Check if the rectangles overlap. If they do not then return False; otherwise True or None depending on whether it's possible to form an intersection
18256: This line of the script calculates and rounds off to nearest whole number, which is used as an input in other parts. The resultant value will
18257: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the long names of each enumeration as keys, along side their corresponding value lists.
18258: This Python function returns the base name of an URL, but only if it ends with .jpg or one other image file extension (.jpeg). If
18259: This line of Python script returns the string '{} off'. formatting it with skus and offers.  The result is an output that includes both
18260: This Python function opens the specified filename and reads its content into memory using an iterator that yields each nonempty string from it on separate newelines (\
18261: Returns the number of Unicode characters in 'string' or "bytes" value.  If not provided, it defaults to current input string/byte
18262: If the minimum compression rate is less than or equal to 1 and if it'd be possible with these parameters in terms of memory size then returns
18263: If the range of data is equal to zero, return 'NaN' as it can not be calculated. Otherwise calculate and returns normalized value based on
18264: This Python function is used to normalize the input value 'x' based on certain conditions and returns it as per that condition or default return values in
18265: This script is used to convert an array of strings into one string. It does so by iterating over each element and checking the type or content within
18266: This function calculates the distance between two tuples in terms of their y coordinates. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents how
18267: This function checks if the input string contains any brackets. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there are no parent
18268: If the number of unique elements in y scores is 2, then set 'Check Threshold' to true. Otherwise it remains false as default value
18269: This Python script is used to extract the name of an object from its path in JSON format using dictionary and list comprehension methods, then split it into
18270: This Python function converts the three color values into an integer. The colors are represented as strings, and each string corresponds to one of these 7
18271: If the number of input "days" is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise - divides and gives result in decimal format with precision up to
18272: This is an implementation of the Babylonian method, which calculates square roots by iteratively refining guesses until they are good enough to solve
18273: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18274: This function returns an object that represents the constant fill operation. The "constant" is defined by its 'Value' property, which can be any number
18275: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
18276: Attempt to access the "element" key in dictionary, if it exists. If not existent then return an empty string instead of crashing or
18277: This Python function takes as input the dictionary and returns another one with only those entries from original that are present within 'keys' list.  It uses
18278: This function calculates the sum of two headers and subtracts one from another. The result is then returned by calling it with three header values as
18279: This Python function flattens an inputted nested lists into one single level using recursion and the builtin `isInstance` method to check if
18280: If the filename parameter in function call isn't provided, it raises an error. Otherwise returns that file name as output of method/function –
18281: If the first and second row of 'b' are equal to "player", return true. Similarly, if both middle rows ('3rd',
18282: This function takes in one string and replaces all underscores with hyphens. It also keeps the number of original characters intact by counting their
18283: This script splits the input string by different types of brackets and removes any leading/trailing whitespace from each resulting word, then joins them
18284: This function removes the last occurrence of s from string 'w' and returns it as new value, which is now equal to original word minus suffixes
18285: This Python script uses the power function to find out how many times one number can be raised in order ​​to get another. It keeps repeating until
18286: Returns True if the IC 1% threshold is not exceeded, False otherwise. This function checks whether or how much of an increase in Ion
18287: If the CI parameters are of type 'dict' and have keys named `repository` or both; then return them as it stands otherwise raise an error
18288: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as strftime but with %Y replaced by year, month is automatically set to be January
18289: This function checks if the given point is within any of two defined rectangles.  The first rectangle's top left corner coordinates are specified by '
18290: This Python script converts an input dictionary into another one by iterating over the keys and values of each subdictionary, creating new entries with these
18291: If both primary keys are not set, return false. Else check whether the two objects have identical primaries key values; otherwise compare their class names
18292: This Python dictionary is used to map quarter numbers and their corresponding season names. The function returns the tuple associated with an inputted number or string representation of
18293: This function checks the input `object` and converts it into its equivalent Python data structure. If not possible or supported by current implementation of your language
18294: This function converts the string representation of numbers to their actual numeric values. It uses an "else" clause that handles non-"numerical characters
18295: This Python function calculates the value of an input 'length' in meters, and returns it. If length is less than or equal to one meter
18296: This Python function checks whether the 'response' dictionary contains an entry with key named as `“Cursor”`. If it does, returns that value
18297: This Python function calculates the largest power of two that can divide 'n'. It does so by continuously halving and checking if it's possible
18298: This line of the Python script is splitting up an input string into its file name and then extracting just one part from that. The resultant '
18299: This line of the script calculates and returns an image distance ratio. The size parameter is divided by twice its radius to get pixel density, which can
18300: If the number of right side soldiers on either left/south is more than 4, less then zero. Or there are no soldier in one
18301: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'Peakers' object and adds each unique IP address with its corresponding port to another
18302: If the first section is greater than second in either direction. Otherwise return false; otherwise true if both sections are equal and one of them has more elements
18303: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the names of all available Channels from 'server' on Discord using their unique
18304: This function checks whether the given value is within an inclusive range defined by two values, specified as either parameters in form [start_value; end_
18305: This Python function is used to calculate the product of two numbers. It uses bitwise operators and returns an integer result, which may be less than or
18306: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the polygon points and adds them to another set of coordinates within bounds if they are not out side
18307: If the input is less than ten, it returns 'number categories' as "less". Otherwise - depending on how many there are in total. It
18308: This Python function calculates the great circle distance between two points on Earth's surface using Haversine formula and then converts it to miles by
18309: This Python script converts the input string to title case, where each word's first character is capitalized and all other characters are lowercase or
18310: This Python function splits the input string into separate elements based on ''. It replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted
18311: This python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the provided parameters. The keys are "image" & “Location”, while values
18312: This Python function checks whether the input 'Click' variable has been assigned to an integer. If it hasn’t and its value isn‘ t even
18313: This python script reads DICOM files and extract the number of columns from each row using specific tags defined by user inputted dictionary "dicom\_
18314: This Python function checks the HTTP method and returns an appropriate response. If it's 'POST', then return “Success” with statuscode as
18315: This Python script removes URLs from the 'ignore' list if they are found within another set of urLists, using their index as reference to
18316: This line of Python script sorts the curve in descending order. The 'sorted' function is used to sort an iterable and returns it as
18317: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase, checks if it's one of three predefined strings ("LEFT"," RIGHT
18318: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the elements of 'tips'. The split function is used to separate each element by
18319: This Python function cleans up the list of strings by removing duplicates and sorting them alphabetically, then returns it as one line string with no
18320: This Python function splits the string "s" into fragments using '.', then it keeps only those that do NOT contain word excluding, and finally
18321: This function calculates the power of each digit and sums them up. It takes an integer n as input; it converts that number to string so
18322: This python script is used to generate a random number between two given numbers using the uniform distribution in Python's builtin module 'random'. The generated
18323: If the two pages are identical, return false; otherwise check their parent links and continue until they find common ancestor or reach to root level of tree
18324: This Python script checks the type of an object using its symbol or expression head; it returns different strings based on these types – "__obj___
18325: This function returns an integer based on the value of x. If 'x' is between [9,   ] it will return number one; else
18326: This Python function converts each character of the input string to its ASCII value. The output is an array where every element corresponds with one char from
18327: This Python script copies the values from one dictionary to another, but only if they are present on both dictionaries and updates them with those of second dict
18328: This function checks the validity of an input metric's 'Name'. If it isn’t provided, then default to “unknown”; otherwise
18329: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit. It takes the input in degrees c and returns its equivalent value converted into
18330: This function returns the list of parameters that have been modified or added since its previous execution, based on their values and whether they are unique to each call
18331: This program calculates the total mass of an object by adding up all its constituents' weights, which are then converted to kilograms if necessary
18332: This Python script counts the frequency of each element present within an input list and then identifies which one has maximum count. The function returns both that most
18333: This function returns the result of converting kilometers to miles by multiplying it with zero point six hundred and twenty one three seven points seventy five
18334: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18335: This function checks whether the given parameter 'param' exists within its parent or itself, and returns it accordingly; otherwise return "None". It splits
18336: If the metrics keys are in data then return true and intersection of these two sets else false with an empty array as result – Code snippet
18337: This Python function takes as input an iterable of strings and returns two lists - one with the individual phrases from each string that are longer than 3
18338: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the domain name from URLs in text data using 're' module of python language – it
18339: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with the first and last date added from each object listed within "manifest resource". The dates
18340: This line of the given Python script returns only URLs without any whitespace at either end, effectively stripping it from its leading and trailing spaces
18341: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an aggregate value by taking minimum values from two lists. The "zip" function is used to
18342: This Python function converts all the characters in an input string to their corresponding ASCII values, and returns them as output if they are not already converted
18343: This Python function takes as input the list of all possible usernames and returns two lists - one with users who are already registered ('Known')
18344: This Python function calculates the F score based on true positives and false negatives. If there are no positive predictions or all negative results in total
18345: The variable 'u' is used to store the result of an operation. It calculates how much money one has after buying something and subtracting from
18346: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with elements from the 'Paths' array by taking steps of length equal to its index using
18347: This function calculates the absolute difference between two numbers. It takes in x and y as input, returns their distance from each other by taking both of
18348: This Python script generates two lists of instance IDs from the given instances. It then returns all unique InstanceIds present only within 'old' and
18349: This Python script is used to find the columns that are present but absent from 'data' dictionary, which contains all column names as keys and their corresponding
18350: This Python function checks the length of two vectors and raises an error message, "Value Error" is raised when vector's are not same. Then
18351: Find the index of first nonzero character from end to start.  If no such char found return "Not Found".   Code is written by [
18352: This function calculates the number of ways to partition 'N' items into groups with exactly `K` members. It uses recursion and memo
18353: If the test fails, it will return true. Otherwise false if all conditions are met and passed without fail in any case." I'm
18354: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18355: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The first part is simply returning length from "len()" function on 'set
18356: This program counts the number of odd numbers in an inputted sequence. It starts with initializing "count" to zero, then enters into loop until
18357: Calculation and calculation method to calculate Shadowed risk index.""" (END OF CODE BLOCKS)"}  ```python`def
18358: This Python script creates two lists, one with the minimum values of each dimension and another list containing maximum. The result is an array that represents bounding
18359: This function returns the category of BMI based on its value, which is calculated as body mass index = kg/m² where m=mass in
18360: Code checks if the input string is less than three characters long and defaults it. It then converts unit from short form ("Kb", etc.)
18361: This Python script implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. The function takes in parameters and uses these as input values until one number
18362: This Python function returns the elements of an array that are not divisible by 'p' in between two given numbers.  It uses lambda and
18363: This Python function counts the frequency of each unique string/character present within an input list. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are strings and values
18364: This line of Python function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The inputs are tuples representing coordinates and returns another tuple
18365: This line of the Python script splits an argument string into two parts using '==' as separator and returns them in tuple format with variable names
18366: This Python function uses the builtin `set` and lambda functions to count occurrences in strings, then joins them into one string with new
18367: This function checks if the input 'I' is within range of two numbers. If it falls in between, return True; otherwise False."
18368: This function takes two arguments and returns the smaller one. It uses Python's built in functions to find out which value is larger or equal with respect
18369: This Python script checks whether the "message" dictionary contains an entry with key 'stackName' and its value matches provided ```python  def check
18370: This function checks the existence of 'input' step, then it returns an appropriate string based on its content. If no such steps exist or they are
18371: This Python script creates an equivalent of the given list comprehension, but it's more concise and easier to read than its original form which is
18372: This function combines the string 'left' and template variable `roitmpl` into two new variables. The first one is named as Left_<template
18373: This line of the program is setting 'data' to be equal in value and type with that from another variable named "inputConfig".  The purpose
18374: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is equal to one, it returns "one", else return result as
18375: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same value but formatted in one line. If it is less than 9,876 then
18376: This script finds the maximum temperature from all weather data.  It does so by initializing ```minTemp``` to negative infinity and then iterating
18377: Check whether two elements' metadatas match. If they don’t, print an error message; otherwise return True or some result depending on
18378: This function checks the value of 'source' and returns either positive, negative or neutral based on its input. If it is equal to “Re
18379: This Python function takes in one string argument and returns the second character of that input if it is enclosed by square brackets, otherwise checks whether its
18380: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input parameters are z and t where 't' is not used here but
18381: This python script sorts an array using the "Bubble Sort" algorithm. The Bubblesort function is implemented to sort elements of list by comparing
18382: Converts an integer into its equivalent in the given radix. If it's larger then throws error as per problem statement and if not returns
18383: This function checks the type of an object. If it's dictionary then returns email else return name with url formatting or none otherwise depending on whether
18384: If the 'comm' dimension list isn’t provided, it returns nothing; otherwise calculates and stores each coordinate of processors based on their ranks
18385: This script filters out the goals that do not have any request slots and those with at least one slot filled from an iterable of UserGoales objects
18386: This Python script generates an array of strings, where each string is the original 'name' with leading spaces added to make it 16 characters long
18387: This Python function calculates the square root of an integer. If it's not possible to calculate, returns "-1". Otherwise return its value as
18388: This Python script is an infinite loop that checks if the input string ```'{}[]()`''', and removes any opening or closing brackets
18389: Returns the dictionary with keys "namespac" and values corresponding to input parameters.  The value of key 'property' is taken from properties target
18390: This function checks if the distance between two points is within an acceptable range. The parameters are defined as variables, which can be any of "le",
18391: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not 't' ends with "\n". If it does, then returns all characters in "t
18392: This Python function reverses the rows of an input list, either horizontally or vertically. It uses slicing to reverse each individual array
18393: This function takes in two points, and if the first one is greater or equal to its y coordinate it sets that as our 'height', otherwise we
18394: This Python function splits the given string by "/" and returns last part of it as an id, which is essentially just returning filename without extension in
18395: This Python function calculates the power output of an aircraft. It takes as input R, v and drag coefficient values from cruise data to calculate Power Output
18396: This function returns the string 'H' if it is either found at any position of lines, else returning an empty String.  It does not do
18397: This line of the given Python script generates two unique numbers by performing bitwise AND operation on 'Nonces' and masking them. The first number
18398: This function adds two numbers, but only if they are both nonnegative and within the range of [x=y] = 98. If not
18399: This function calculates the value of an amount in cents, given its denominator and number/value as input parameters; it then multiplies that by
18400: This Python function scales the coordinates of given list 'point' by provided factor and rounds them to nearest integer using builtin functions like `scale` &
18401: This function takes in an input string and returns the second element of that list.  It uses Python's builtin functions to achieve its goal by
18402: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18403: This Python function checks the type of `nxt` and returns different strings based on certain conditions. If it encounters an instance where "next"
18404: This Python script calculates the product of 'Forward' and Aim values based on given list. It uses if/else statements to handle different
18405: This Python script returns the same result as your original, but uses list comprehension instead of traditional looping.  It's more concise and
18406: This function calculates the value of an interpolated polynomial. The coefficients are given as parameters and it uses linear extrapolation if necessary to ensure that
18407: This Python function applies an Affinity Propagation clustering algorithm to the data. The input is two 1D numpy arrays `col_ind
18408: This function returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The input is g, and it's assumed to be greater than or equal ti six
18409: This function converts the input string into HTML format. It adds < and > around each character in 'description'.  The result is then returned as
18410: This function checks if the given file name ends with ".pgn". It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it is an .pgb game
18411: A Python script that creates and returns an object with specified properties.  The 'return' statement is used to return the created dictionary from function call which
18412: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by zero and adding one, which is equivalent to subtracting from it but with no effect on
18413: This function checks whether the 'field' data has an entry with key=“size”. If it does, then returns ‘int’;
18414: This function performs some complex mathematical operations on the given parameters. The result is returned as an integer value which can be used in further calculations or computations
18415: This function calculates the Fibo sequence using recursion without dynamic programming. The base cases are defined and then it uses these to calculate any subsequent
18416: This line of the given Python script creates an empty array named "dict" and then fills it with tuples containing keys from dictionary 'dictionary
18417: This function scales the input value to fit within an output range. It's useful when you want your data values between 0 and n, where
18418: This Python function replaces all spaces with '%20'. It iterates over the string, and if it encounters space character then appends '
18419: This function takes two parameters and returns the maximum of them. If one parameter is greater than or equal to another then it will return that value as '
18420: This function takes in one string argument, checks whether it ends with either '--', '-' or ---'. If the sequence does end here then appropriate
18421: If the key 'creator' exists within dictionary then remove it from dict. Else add to end of list with value as None – else
18422: Generates the URL to access an FCM channel using its name as part of another string in Python 3, concatenating it with 'https'
18423: This function calculates the unlabelled samples' proportion in relation to total dataset size and returns its index. The result is used as an indicator of
18424: This Python function converts the input string to all lowecase, and then checks if it is either 'True' ('yes', ‘ok
18425: This function takes in the full path of an image and returns only its last part, which is considered as 'tag' if it doesn’t exist
18426: This line of the program creates an array with all unique elements from 'data' dictionary, sorts it and returns its values as per their keys using comprehens
18427: If the number of 'deaths' is greater than 1 and there are still alive players left to fight then it calculates how many times they
18428: This line of the function returns an inflated value (-346789). The first parameter is 'True' and it calculates average
18429: Prints the content of 'global_variable', then prints out all packets, and finally returns global variable.  The function is designed in such way
18430: This Python script converts an input list of numbers into binary format using the given mapping dictionary and then joins them together with commas as separators."
18431: This line of the function checks if step is divisible by 'n'. If it's true, then returns ‘true’. Otherwise -
18432: This function checks if the first or last character of an attribute is underscore, it returns false otherwise. If both are not found then return true else
18433: If the list has more than ten distinct values and we're only interested in top few then warns about it else creates markers based on these
18434: Create an empty list and populate it with the values from each of these variables using dictionary comprehension or map function to create schema resource data structure
18435: This function returns the alias and its corresponding value.  It is used to get an object's properties in Python programming language using dot notation, which
18436: This function generates the URL to download BiC BioConductors packages in tar format based on their version number and name, which is used as part
18437: If the list of dates is empty, it returns an array filled with n tasks. Each task has no assigned due time and thus will be completed immediately
18438: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The result is then returned as an integer, which represents total distance or error
18439: This function reverses the integer and returns it as an Integer.  It is used to reverse number in python programming language, but not specifically related with
18440: This Python script is used to process raw weather station readings and transform them into the required format by creating lists of dictionaries with keys as 'Year
18441: This Python function calculates the probability and slopes of linear regression given two points. The first point is used to determine whether it falls within one range
18442: This function takes an index of the current element and returns its corresponding xPath. The XPATH is constructed by prefixing with 'day' followed either
18443: This Python function returns the OTE API endpoint URL to get domain suggestions based on given parameters such as 'Domain Name', country, and wait time in
18444: This Python script reads two sequences of characters and labels from the same index position using `zip` function to create an array with pairs where first element is
18445: This Python function reverses the input string. It uses two pointers, one at start and another end of array to traverse through it in
18446: This function takes an integer num and returns the string representation of that number with zeros padded to match specified length. If 'num' is not
18447: Code calculates the sum of all numbers from 1 to 'n' that are not divisible by any number in range [3, d]
18448: This Python script calculates the new coordinates of an object in 3D space. The function takes as input two lists - 'node' and "
18449: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. It's simple and efficient, but it doesn’t do any error checking or type conversion to
18450: This line of the Python function returns twice its input, which is equivalent to multiplying by one and half in decimal notation or using an exponentiation operator
18451: This function checks whether the current 'flow' or process is within certain stages. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false will be returned indicating
18452: This function returns the query string with start parameter added. (END OF SUMMARY).   [Solution] Code snippet is as
18453: This function takes an input of seconds and returns the equivalent time in hours/minutes format. If no value or invalid type provided it simply return empty
18454: This Python function checks the part of speech and returns an abbreviation. If it's not recognized, then 'U', which stands as unknown or
18455: This function checks whether the given 'samplers' type is equal to regnetsampling. If it does, then returns true; otherwise
18456: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of x and appends to it by multiplying each element from 'list'
18457: This Python function sorts two lists 'A' and 'B'. It uses the Bubble Sort algorithm to sort them. The time complexity of bubbleSort
18458: Updates the cosmos with extra parameters from dictionary "extra" in Cosmology class object 'Cosmic'. The new values are set to
18459: This Python function returns the brightness of an object given its magnitude and colorband it is on, based off Fluorescence or Nuve
18460: This Python function takes as input the list of FeatureSet objects and returns them sorted by name, with each line containing one object's details separated from
18461: This line of the given Python script is returning an URL that includes domain name and path from AWS Lambda's request context.  It was used
18462: This function swaps the values of two variables if one is greater than another. It returns both new variable's value after swap operation in tuple format
18463: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another given object 'g' multiplied by some fixed number, then returns
18464: This Python function calculates the distance to be used in an elastic dislocation simulation based on whether it's being run with one of three modes -
18465: This Python function creates and returns an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'list' object which is equivalent to coins on your cryptocur
18466: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
18467: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18468: This Python script checks if the start of an 'agent', denoted by ```[START]``` is within certain predefined ranges. If not
18469: This Python script reads lines from an input file, checks the first word of each row to see whether it's "readID", and then spl
18470: This function returns the result of concatenating n copies and enclosing each copy in curly braces. The number m is used as many times
18471: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the 'input' – it checks if its length is one and append
18472: This Python script splits the input string "tags" into individual elements, then strips each element and returns them as list of stripped strings using List
18473: This Python script creates an empty array and then fills it with the elements of each inner lists from 'sublists' using append. The final result is
18474: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two values. The first value is the "floor" of division by ten from that given 'input
18475: This Python function takes an input list x and returns another one that is formed by alternating elements from the original array if its length even or just contains
18476: This line of the Python script matches any string that ends with '.clab' and replaces it by appending ' . cs'.  If
18477: Code returns the first element of an array. (Note that if there is no such thing as "first" in programming, we usually refer
18478: This function returns the latency column name based on input parameter py. It is used to map between different versions of dataframe columns names in pandas Data
18479: This line of the given Python script splits 'name' string into an array using "/" as delimiter.  The result is stored in
18480: This function adds two numbers, but only works with nonnegative integers. If the sum is larger than or equal to one million then it returns as an
18481: This function returns the base of an input string. It does not take any parameters and simply takes in two strings, $ prefix & suffix which are concaten
18482: This function splits the string into two parts based on key and returns them as an array of strings in Python language using split() method with parameter '
18483: This function returns the color of player based on their ID. If they are 'user' then it will return ('Color', ‘Player’).
18484: This function checks whether the given list of strings contains all three specifics mentioned. If so, it returns those names as separate elements; otherwise return an
18485: This function takes three parameters r, g and b which represent the RGB values of an image. It returns these as tuples rounded to nearest whole
18486: This Python function counts the number of zeros along each row and returns index with maximum zeroes. If there are multiple rows having same maxima then
18487: This function returns the list of protocols as joined by commas.  It's used to display all available network protocol names in an interface table or
18488: This Python function returns the type of data based on its name, if it starts with 'sensor_'. If not starting by these prefixes then
18489: This function returns the path to video in user's directory.  The paths are constructed by concatenating strings with '*'.   It takes two
18490: This function calculates the fibbonaci series up to 'N' using recursion. The base cases are when N is ‘zero’ and
18491: This function is used to update the list of available file extensions and their corresponding names based on an input dictionary 'extensions'. It checks if any extension matches
18492: This function calculates the difference between two lists' second elements, taking into account their minimum and maximum values.  The result is then returned as an
18493: This function checks whether the input 'object' has one dimension. If it does then returns that value else raises an error message "Shape should have only
18494: This line of the Python function calculates and returns energy in kilowatts. It takes as input temperature, pressure or volume data from another source
18495: Checks whether the value is executable and, If it's an executor function or method then calls that with msg as argument. Otherwise returns None
18496: This function calculates the new dimensions of an image after scaling it. The original bounding box is used to calculate how much each dimension should be scaled
18497: This Python script creates an empty dictionary 's' and another one called "c" to store the count of each element from list `ps` respectively
18498: Returns the dictionary {“ name ” : ' MyHouse'} in Python. It's just one line of python script that returns an object with
18499: A python function that returns an n x n matrix where each element is either zero or one depending on the condition. The elements at position [i][
18500: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from `0` to given number, but it uses bitwise operations. The formula used is equivalent with
18501: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18502: This script checks if the current path is equal to pose bones' location and returns true or false along with its name respectively when it finds match on any
18503: This function takes keyword arguments and converts all string values to double quotes if they are found within the dictionary/map of keywords provided as input parameters '
18504: This python script creates an array of votes, allocates the maximum number possible to each vote based on available seat. If there are no more vacant
18505: This Python function returns an authorisation header with the given API token. ...} in one line, without using any extra spaces or special characters
18506: This Python function checks if the difference between two lists is less than ‘tolerance’ value and returns true only when both conditions are met;
18507: This Python function takes an input 'x' and finds the first occurrence of that value from given array. If not found it returns original unsorted/
18508: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries, each containing one key "notation" corresponding to the value of 'identifier
18509: This function raises an error when the input is invalid, and returns keys of first dictionary in case it's validated successfully otherwise throws exception with appropriate
18510: This Python function multiplies each element from 'Transformers' by corresponding elements at indexed positions within data. If lists are not equal, it raises
18511: Declare and initialize an Int variable named "max" with the value 0. This is used to keep track of maximum number in array/list
18512: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18513: This Python script splits the input string into RGB values and converts them to integers, then returns these as an array of three elements in order red
18514: This Python function converts the input string to floating point number with 3 decimal places precision or returns it as original value otherwise depending on whether 'None
18515: If the frequency of an event is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise - continues with other operations. This condition checks whether or not to proceed further
18516: This Python function checks whether the input 'Q' or its first element, which should be an array of strings. If it doesn’t exist then
18517: This function calculates the Arithmetic Ratio Index of two lists. If either list contains NaNs/infs it returns an array filled with
18518: This line of the Python script retrieves data from an object's nested dictionary and returns its value if it exists, otherwise default to "None".
18519: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers if they are equal, or returns 1 otherwise. The condition checks which of these three options is
18520: This Python function checks whether the given number is divisible by another. If it's true, returns quotient of division; otherwise adds 1
18521: This Python function reverses the binary representation of an inputted number. It converts ‘zero’ to one, and vice versa; any
18522: This line of the Python script calculates and returns n to kth root using floor division, which is equivalent in mathematical terms with integer part function on
18523: This line of Python script creates an array that is the resultant difference between corresponding elements from two lists. The function 'zip' pairs up each element
18524: This function checks if two lists are equal. If they're not, it returns false and true otherwise; else return the result of comparing each element
18525: This Python script is used to extract the information from each call stack trace and store it into an array of dictionaries which are then returned by another part
18526: This Python function generates all possible combinations of three vertices from the given list 'faces'. The result is stored as lists within another main List called "tr
18527: This line of Python script splits the input string into separate rows using newline character as separator, then it indents each row by multiplying
18528: This Python script takes command line arguments to set parameters. The options are -k, --key and other optional ones like input file (-i), output
18529: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is represented as 'a' and it returns its square root divided by four plus one
18530: This function counts the digitis in an integer. If it's less than ten, returns one; otherwise recursively calls itself with argument divided by
18531: This Python function sorts an array of tuples by the start and end points respectively using their maximum value as new ending point if they overlap with previous
18532: This Python script deletes the first and last lines of an input list, based on specific keywords. The function returns only those elements that are not present
18533: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by 'config['num_agenets']' in one line. It is used to assign each
18534: If the 'desc' parameter of an object doesn’t exist or it equals to "", then assigns empty string otherwise joins with existing one and returns
18535: This Python function calculates the weight of an object based on its initial state and color control factor, if no input is given it returns zero by default
18536: This function calculates the precision of an algorithm. It's commonly used in machine learning and statistics to measure how accurate predictions are at predicting positive
18537: This function returns the size of an image based on its format in geographical or environmental science terms, with specifics defined by 'fig\_size'
18538: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the provided list of dictionaries. The keys are aliases, values represent
18539: This function calculates the sum of three numbers 'total' if it is less than or equal to two hundred. If not then based on conditions checks
18540: This Python function calculates the value of 'r' and returns it along with its corresponding waviness factor, which is calculated by shifting ‘
18541: This Python function compares two lists of items. If the first elements are equal, it recursively calls itself with both remaining parts; if not they
18542: This Python script generates the URL to access government data from GPO website using specific parameters and formatting rules defined in it's comments section of source
18543: This Python function takes an input string, checks the first character of it to see whether or not that's ':' and then removes any leading/
18544: This function calculates the Black Scholes price of an option using numerical methods to approximate future prices, given inputs such as underlying asset's current market
18545: This Python script is an implementation of the BCD to Decimal conversion algorithm. It takes binary coded decimal numbers as input and converts them into
18546: This function checks if two lists are concorrelated. A list of numbers or strings that have the same first and last element, but different middle elements
18547: This Python function replaces special characters with their HTML entities. It iterates over the input string, and if it encounters any of these specific character
18548: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'l', i and m's
18549: This function returns the base name of an OS's desktop file, which is usually in .app or some other extension like ".exe" etc.,
18550: This line of Python function calculates the wavelength shift in nanometers by using an equation derived from astrophysics and astronomical observations which
18551: This line of the script reads and splits an input string into two parts based on different delimiters, then returns one part after splitting it by
18552: This function returns the difference between two variables, which is often used in statistics.  The term "dependent" refers to one variable and its value while
18553: This script is used to perform various operations on files. It can be configured with different options like --list, -l or no option at the first
18554: This Python script returns the second and third elements of each tuple present within 'path' list.  It is used to extract these values from an input
18555: This line of the given JavaScript function returns an element from array at index 6 in split string by "/". The purpose is to get last subdirectory
18556: This function returns the string concatenated with two query parameters, view adult and full work.  The first parameter is returned as it was in its original
18557: This line of the given C# script converts an input value to its equivalent in binary form. It also takes into account whether or not it is
18558: This line of the given Python script returns length 360, which is equivalent to one row in an image. It's used as height
18559: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18560: This line of Python script returns the value 'x' raised to 1/(-(log base e)) or equivalently, it calculates and
18561: This function checks the value of 'eps' and if it is less than half its resolution, then returns zero; else return one or calculated as per
18562: This Python script joins all the device IDs into one string, separated by commas using list comprehension and join method of python strings – str
18563: This function calculates the temperature difference between an input value and reference. The result is normalized to be in range [0, +∞). It
18564: This function takes an input and returns the string 'XX' repeated according to its length.  For example, if you call `repeat_string('
18565: If the dictionary 'cPDICT' is empty, return it. Otherwise continue with other operations as normal in CPDictManager class...
18566: If the current item is an alias of another, it checks whether that other object's name matches either its own value directly and/or one from
18567: This Python function checks whether the input number is positive, and then determines its value by adding or subtracting one depending on how much it deviates
18568: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, checks if it is within certain threshold values.  It returns True only when differences are in range of
18569: This Python function uses regular expressions to extract numbers from the given string, then returns these as tuples of integers in order using .group().
18570: Throw an error when the input 'n' is negative.  This will prevent any further processing in case of invalid inputs and help to catch potential
18571: This line of the Python script checks whether 'x' is equal to string value, and returns either integer values. If it matches with adult then return
18572: Checks if every element of the first given array is present as an item within another one. If not, it returns False; otherwise True –
18573: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors v and w using vector subtraction method with squared difference of each element's differences
18574: This function checks whether the given 'value' is within or outside of an interval defined by two bounds. If it falls in between, then returns true
18575: This Python function takes in three parameters and checks if they are of the correct type; converts them to floats before checking their length against expected value
18576: This Python script checks whether the given string is an HTTP, mail to or tel link using regular expression matching in python language – 're' module
18577: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18578: This function is used to generate the list of variables observed. If no variable has been seen before it returns 'na'. Otherwise if there's only
18579: This line of the given python script checks whether or not 'config' is equal to string value. If it does, then assigns that variable with
18580: This Python function calculates the remainder of an arithmetic operation. It takes three parameters - 'k', which is added to itself, and then mod
18581: This function swaps the case of all upper and lower characters in an inputted text, similar to Python's builtin swapCase method but written
18582: This line of the Python function calculates and returns rounded value by dividing first number with second, then multiplying resultant values. The final output
18583: This Python function checks the RGB values of an image and returns it's grayscale equivalent based on certain conditions or formulae defined in its body
18584: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18585: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the string "HHH : MM . SSS", where H is hours in two digits format and
18586: This Python function generates the list of all factors that can divide 'num'. It uses an iterative approach to find these numbers and returns them as part
18587: This function calculates the value of an equation based on five coefficients. The coefficient values are given in variables 'c', and they're multiplied
18588: If the first two bytes of an instruction are 'xx', then perform different actions based on their values. The third and fourth bits determine what kind action
18589: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on four parameters, each with different coefficients. The coefficient values are given in list 'P'.
18590: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18591: This line of the Python script checks if module index is between 618 to be less than or equal with but not including,  73
18592: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 with exactly k
18593: This line of the Python script is used to slice and convert part or all names in lower case. If length(name)-index 3, it
18594: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18595: This Python function checks the input string 'host' to see whether it contains specific email addresses like gamil, yahoo and hot/office mail
18596: This Python function tries to convert the last part of an input string into integer, if it fails then returns 'None'.  It is used in data
18597: This function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers, with an optional parameter to control how much each pair should be subtracted from one another.
18598: This Python function copies the polynomial and removes all elements with an absolute error of zero from it using list comprehension along side enumeration to find indices where
18599: This line of the program converts two input numbers into integers and then multiplies them. The result is returned as string type to be printed out in
18600: This function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle using Heron's formula. The result will be half because it divides by
18601: This line of the given Python function checks if nv is odd. It returns True when it's an even number, and False otherwise by using
18602: This Python script creates and returns the product of two dictionaries using dictionary comprehension, which is an efficient way to perform operations on key/value pairs
18603: This function calculates the number of ways to make up an "Amount" using different types/coins. It uses recursion with memoization
18604: This Python script splits the string "cid" into three parts using '.' as separator and then returns last part of it which is second to
18605: This line of Python script filters out STIX objects that either have 'not revoked', but also contain the key "XMITRE Deprecated
18606: This Python function checks whether the given conditions are met. If they're all true it returns an array with information about that specific date in order of
18607: This function checks if the action is 'remove' in an object. If it finds, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there
18608: This function calculates the difference between two values and then divides it by twice to get an estimate of their variance. The result is returned as '
18609: If the length of 'Anchestors' repository dependencies is greater than current repositories then return string. Otherwise it returns different or superset respectively
18610: If the number is greater than or equal to one hundred and twenty seven, it subtracts two fifty six from that value. This operation ensures we
18611: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding string representation of its value in bytes. It uses conditionals to determine which unit it belongs
18612: This Python function returns an empty array when the input object `None` or not of type 'list' and otherwise it simply wraps its argument in
18613: Initializes an empty list to store CVEs. This is used as the context in which we will search and find CVE entries, such us "
18614: This line of the program finds and stores in variables, 'min' & ‘Max’. The values are found from list "ListOfValues
18615: This Python function finds the maximum length of subarray with all unique characters. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by keeping track and updating longest found
18616: This Python function checks the validity of an email address based on several conditions, such as whether it's disposible or if its role addresses are valid
18617: Checks whether the given string starts with '0xa' or not. If it does then returns True else False  [1 line]   Code
18618: This line of the function replaces all occurrences in string s where "-", with 'a' or any other character.  It is used
18619: This Python script counts the number of dots ('.'), which is used to separate domain names. It returns True if there's only one dot,
18620: This Python script checks the value of 'Name' and returns corresponding values from dictionary based on that input, else it prints an error message with undefined variable
18621: This is an infinite loop that continues until the variable 'value_t0oow' becomes less than or equal to its initial state. The operation
18622: This Python function checks whether the given string is either 'True', ‘Yes’, or an integer equal to one ('1'). If any of
18623: If the repository is not specified, return false; otherwise check whether it starts with either 'http'或‘ssh’ protocol and then returns true/
18624: This Python function converts the up time in seconds into readable format. It does so by first converting it to 'hours', then from that hour
18625: Returns the string '/' followed by input 'key'.  This is used to create URLs in Python. The function takes an argument, which will
18626: This Python script reads an OHLC row from the CSV file and prints out its components. (Open price of day), High value on
18627: This function takes in the name of an image and returns its grayscale version with appended index. This is done by taking all characters
18628: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
18629: This Python function checks whether the 'QualiferIntensitiyToPercent' key exists within given dictionary. If it does exist then calcul
18630: This function checks if the first four elements of list 'rect' are positive. If they aren’t, it returns False; otherwise True –
18631: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
18632: This Python function calculates the running sum of an input list 'x' and returns it as output, where each element is multiplied by its position
18633: This line of Python script is using ANSI escape codes to change the background color. The colors are represented as RGB values and converted into hexad
18634: "Creates an ARN string to reference AWS Server Certificates." (END SOLUTION CODE BLOCKS HERE!)
18635: This Python script counts the number of votes that are ‘up’ on all webpages, which is equivalent to counting how many times 'True'
18636: If the last character of string is 'e', remove it and add an extra slash at end. Else, just keep as given in original
18637: This Python function checks if the input sequence is valid. If it contains any character other than A, T , G or C then returns an error message
18638: If the temperature is greater than +/-98°F and less that either of ±3% above/below freezing then it will return
18639: Inserts data from the specified OSM table into an SQL database. The categories are generated by concatenating different parts of 'category' with '_'.
18640: This Python function converts labels from one format to another using the provided mapping dictionary and returns two lists - 'new' list with converted text/label
18641: If the list of email's 'headers', return an empty string, else find and returns subject from any dictionary with name as `"Subject",
18642: If the list is empty, return an emtpy array. Otherwise it returns first value of each element in varList and then recursively call function
18643: This Python script calculates the total of all digits present within an input string. The variable 'Digital String' is expected to be provided as
18644: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input string 'chain' with each comma separated value being added to that filter array if
18645: A 3D array is created with all elements as zeroes, dimensions are defined by the user's input variables 'A', "B"
18646: This function takes an input list of strings and returns the first string in that array. If there is only one item or no items at all it simply
18647: This function splits the input string desc into n number of parts and then joins them back together. It uses Python's split() method to divide
18648: This function splits the input string by underscores and then converts each word to Title Case.  It's used in Python programming language
18649: A function that returns an object with the index type and ID fields.  The 'return' statement is used to output or send back data from your
18650: This line of Python script filters out the items in 'varDict' where its second element ('s') isn’t none and returns it as
18651: This function takes in two parameters, 'pitch' and ‘channel’. It returns the result of adding one hundred eighth times to both
18652: This line of the Python script is concatenating string with an integer. The result will be 'D' followed by i, where D and I are
18653: This function calculates the average of all elements present within an array. If no element is found, it returns zero as default value and otherwise computes
18654: This function calculates the scaling factor used in training transformer models to control learning rate during optimization process of Transformer model by reducing stepsize and preventing prem
18655: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by two elements and returns one element from it. The first tuple's score is used to sort
18656: This Python script returns only the email addresses that end with "/new/" from an inputted array of strings, using lambda and filter function in python
18657: This Python function takes an input URL and returns the public part of it as well its query parameters in JSON format – ie without '?' character
18658: This function checks whether the input parameters are valid, then assigns default values to missing required fields from schema based on their type/value defined by '
18659: This Python function cleans the input sequence by removing any characters that are not alphanumeric or whitespace, leaving only letters from A to Z followed
18660: This function checks if the given paths are equal, ignoring case differences in both their names of directories/files or filenames but considering only file
18661: If the image number is equal to given page num then return UUID else if not found any match it returns an empty string – Code snippet
18662: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. It takes in one number and adds or subtracts from it to get another resultant value which is
18663: This Python function calculates the energy of an array 'person' using some mathematical formula. The result is returned as one line calculation with "sum".
18664: This Python script is designed to return different parameters based on the input conditions of 'anisotropy' and/or whether or nor they are in accordance
18665: This function generates two values from the range [0..1). It checks whether segment length 'stops' before starting point and raises an error message
18666: If the 'Fields' list doesnt contain any element with key as Parent then return an empty array else extracts parent from that and split it by
18667: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" class List or Not and returns its copy otherwise it will return none in
18668: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18669: If the function receives an argument 'max', it checks whether that maximum bound has been set. Otherwise, returns false; otherwise -> return true because
18670: This program calculates the sum of ASCII values based on characters from input string. The result is stored as an Int type variable "h". Each
18671: This line of the Python function checks if s can be considered as string. If it'll not then raise an error message "Input should only contain
18672: This line of the given Python script is defining an anonymous function that takes one argument, 'arg1', and returns two elements. The first element in
18673: This Python script creates and returns the transpose of an input list. The number 'len' is used to find out how many elements are there,
18674: This function returns the smallest number among three given numbers. If all are same, it will return one of them only once in case 0 is not
18675: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns only last part of it, which is usually just 'database' or whatever you call your
18676: This Python script copies the values from one dictionary to another while also merging two dictionaries based on keys and calculating an average of each value if key
18677: This line of the Python script checks if any value from ['T', 'True' , ‘Y’, or `Yes`] is present
18678: This function is used to get the value of custom fields. It checks if there're any specific conditions, like 'field name', then returns its
18679: If the list is empty, return zero. Otherwise multiply and add together all elements in two lists using recursion with one element removed from each of
18680: This line of the function returns 'f' when it is less than or equal to minimum value, otherwise maximum. If not then just returning original input
18681: This function calculates the number of crops needed to fill an image with given parameters. It does so by subtracting from or dividing according on whether
18682: This line of Python script prints the string "MD5" followed by an error message. It then returns c and d, both being converted to hex
18683: This Python script generates an array of lists where each sublist contains the remainder when dividing by 'w' from 0 to n. The outer
18684: This function returns the string “10.x” where x is replaced with dpid from input parameters, which represents device id in network topology
18685: This function returns the Plex image proxy URL.  It takes two parameters, server id and media content ID which are used to construct an appropriate url
18686: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
18687: Swap the values of two variables. Code is written in Python and it swaps or interchanges their value without using third variable as an intermediate step
18688: This Python script calculates the total amount of "fue" required to launch all objects from an array. The calculation is done by dividing each
18689: This Python function calculates the ceiling of numeric values by dividing them and then rounding up to nearest integer. It uses 'math' module
18690: This function checks whether the record type is "packet" or not. If it finds that, then replaces its value with another one from dictionary
18691: This Python script calculates the mean of two lists and optionally three other means based on their length or number within each list respectively; it returns these
18692: This function returns 'one' if the input is “true”, and otherwise it will always output an integer value of zero. The main purpose
18693: This function returns the path to an image file based on its parameters. It takes three arguments - 'service', which is used as part of generating unique
18694: This Python function checks whether the inputs are of type float or integer/long before performing an operation on them to avoid any errors during execution due incorrect data
18695: If the string 'temp' is present, it will return that. Otherwise - returns not finding message with given inputted value of `string`
18696: This function checks if the image is valid. If it's not, then returns false and stops further execution of other functions in your program or script
18697: If the variable 'harm' is zero, return one. Else check whether it equals to any of other numbers from [(i+=),
18698: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
18699: This function takes an array of characters and returns the longest string in that list. If there are multiple strings with same maximum lengths, it will only consider
18700: This Python function returns the first element of each list within 'choices' parameter. (END SUMMARY).   --> Code is returning
18701: This Python script is designed to generate the URL of an album based on its publication day and title, which are passed as parameters in function call by user
18702: This Python function converts the first word of each three consecutive sentences to PIG Latin, and then returns that as part or full sentence in English language
18703: Returns True if the first character of 'argument' is '%', which indicates that it may be an environment variable or command line option, else returns False
18704: This function calculates the result of mass divided by three minus two. It's an example to show how Python functions work in simple terms and it
18705: This function checks if the number of nodes in an undirected graph is equal to its expected size, as well whether all elements are unique.
18706: This script is used to find the source file that matches with an inputted filename extension, if no match found it returns empty string else return matching one
18707: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, firstly dividing by three times some other number and then taking cube root. The result is
18708: This function takes in the URL of an image and returns two parts - just before '?' character, after '/' symbol respectively as tuple format –
18709: This Python function splits an ID string into three parts and returns the third part. If there is no second or more than two segments, it simply
18710: This Python script reads three CSV files and writes them into VRT format with some additional information in between the data points of each row to facilitate ge
18711: This Python script appends an extra zero to the end of 'buffer' list when its length is odd and then slices it into two parts at every
18712: This function is used to navigate through nested dictionary structures by splitting the input string and then traversing it using Python's builtin dict data type
18713: This Python function checks whether the input `str` can be converted into either 'True' ('Yes', etc.) as string representation of integer value one
18714: This function checks if the given object has all required keys. It returns True only when it's an instance of dictionary, "case", exists within
18715: Generates an "IfConfig" like function. It takes parameters based on the type of input it receives and generates appropriate commands to be run in Linux
18716: This Python script generates HTML based on the input data. It checks what kind of object is being processed and returns an appropriate string in that language formatting
18717: This function attempts conversion of the input 'TimeTuple', if it is not already in python datatime format; otherwise prints error message and provides
18718: This Python function calculates the average and standard deviation of an input list 'times'. The calculation is done by first calculating total times then dividing it
18719: This line of the given Python script checks if an input string ends with ".gzip". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned
18720: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two different coordinate dictionaries.  The output is stored in separate variables to be used elsewhere or
18721: This function returns the start positions of each cell in an array. The cells are offset by 'wall' widths and placed at specific coordinates within their
18722: This Python function calculates the number of each type coin needed to make up an amount. It takes as input two numbers representing dollars and cents respectively;
18723: This Python script is used to find the shortest paths from one node of an unweighted graph using Dijkstra's algorithm, and
18724: This function checks if the string contains '/' character. If it does, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there is an error occurred
18725: Checks whether the given 'key' exists within dictionary or lists. If it does exist then returns true else false otherwise return "False".  It
18726: This function checks if the last element of two lists is in ascending order. If they are, it returns True; otherwise False – based on
18727: This function checks if two lists are equal. It iterates over the length of one list and compares each element with another, returning false as soon
18728: This line of the given C++ program returns bitwise right shift operation result. The number is shifted to its left by 'n' places and then
18729: Returns the value of "field_name" in JSON object 'node'.  This is done using Python's dictionary syntax. The key to access
18730: If the processor is missing from data, it adds an entry with value 'unknown' to dictionary.  This helps us maintain consistency and avoid any potential
18731: This function merges two dictionaries, where the values of keys that are also present both as dictionary objects or not will be merged recursively using an
18732: This Python function converts decimal numbers to any given number system. It uses recursion and the modulo operation, which is an efficient way of converting
18733: This script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'bestLEDConfig' and their corresponding values to populate it with boolean entries
18734: This Python function takes as input an NxM matrix and returns two lists, where the first list contains all elements of each column from left to right
18735: This function calculates the average of two points and their width/height in an image. The result is returned as four values which represent these statistics about
18736: This function assigns the values 3 and -1 to variables 'x', then checks if condition is true. If it'is not false or
18737: This line of the Python script is returning an output that starts with 'ok_, followed by any characters after ‘account’. The purpose here seems
18738: Code: Boolean value of 'dump' or the outcome from function outline.  If either is true, return false; otherwise -> True/False
18739: This line of the function calculates and returns half value from an input number. The result is obtained by multiplying 'f_number' with its
18740: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'input' can be an instance or not. If it’s true then return input else convert to
18741: This Python function calculates the number of times it needs to divide an input 'n' until its less than or equal one. It does so by
18742: This Python script splits the input string into lines and then enumerates over them to count nonempty ones using list comprehensions with an IF condition on
18743: This Python function calculates the total of all elements within an input list, where each sublist is treated as one unit. The result will be returned
18744: This script will execute the command provided in bash. The output of that execution is returned as string." (END OF SUMMARY).'')
18745: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by two and adding one. It's just returning twice its original value plus once, which
18746: This function is used to get the value of an attribute from dictionary. If it exists, returns its corresponding 'key' else return none if not found
18747: This function returns false. It cleans the input string to remove non numeric characters, converts it into an integer then checks whether that number is within
18748: This Python function checks whether two lists are equal in length, then calculates an expression based on these lengths or raises error message otherwise."   [END
18749: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the "data['nodes']", adding each unique id as key and corresponding value from '
18750: This Python function checks whether the given dictionary has an entry with that particular 'Key'. If it does, then returns its value. Otherwise return empty string
18751: This script is designed to extract the required information from metadata. The output will be stored as variables and can then used further downstream within your program,
18752: This Python script converts an array of numbers into one string. The conversion is done by iterating over the input list and appending each number to
18753: This function returns 'IS', when the input is True, otherwise it will say that value isn’T. – Code explanation in one line with
18754: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18755: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the same list twice with unique elements from each of them by using 'zip' to iteratively pair
18756: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18757: If the string ':' is found within any label, return that same as it's filename with extension appended to end of its name and colon
18758: This function returns the coordinates of an object in two dimensions. The first and second values represent x & y positions respectively while all other three are zeroes
18759: This part of the script checks if 'left' is present but no other directional keywords are used. If it finds such an instance then sets `
18760: This function truncates the description of each room to 90 characters if it exceeds that limit. If not, no changes are made and returns original
18761: A Python dictionary that represents the structure of an endpoint in Voyager.  The keys are end point name and links to other resources which have their
18762: This function returns the required parameters in dictionary format with default values where necessary to avoid any missing or null value errors during execution of other parts/
18763: This function takes two parameters, adds them together and returns the result.  It's simple but effective in many situations where you need to perform an
18764: This Python script splits the input string by commas and returns first three elements of that list, excluding header row if present using slicing operation
18765: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence. It takes as input an RNA string, and returns its complementary transcript of dna by replacing
18766: This function checks whether the input is either 'renew' with value yes, no. If it does return true else false; otherwise returns an error
18767: This function returns the value of 'position' plus or minus an offset depending on whether it is less than, greater by more then and equal to ,
18768: This python script calculates the maximum and minimum values of an array. The formula used is derived from mathematical principles, but it's not directly related
18769: This Python script creates an object called 'graph' which is used to store the data of different types and sizes, then it calculates how many times
18770: This Python function converts all non integer values to ‘None’ and then attempts converting the remaining integers into their string equivalents, if possible;
18771: This function checks whether the input value of 'X' is less than or greater then sets it to either minimum limit ('min') and returns, otherwise
18772: This function maps the first word of each question to an action, cause etc., based on its prefixes in English language questions and returns 'No M
18773: This Python function returns the coordinates of four points that form an equilateral triangle. The first and last point are at origin(x=y),
18774: This Python script is used to extract the third line from each of two specified strings "GetBattlesFromVCR" and its parent string,
18775: This Python function counts the number of leading zeros in binary representation. It does so by shifting right one bit at each iteration, and increments counter
18776: This function calculates the result of subtracting 'b0' from string s, then raising it to power `x` and multiplying by constant
18777: This function returns the path to access an object in Firebase.  The project and group id are passed as parameters, which is used together with other
18778: This Python function checks if the input 'workgroups' is valid. If it isn’t, raises an error with all possible values that are allowed
18779: This Python function takes two arguments, 'None' and an element to append into the list or return as it was given in case of not being none
18780: This line of the Python script checks if 'assert' statement is used in an XSD file path and whether it starts from another directory, returning only
18781: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'state' alert data and appends each latitude/longtude pair to
18782: This line of Python function converts the given value to binary and pads it with zeros on left if necessary. The result is returned as string in
18783: This Python function takes an IP address as input and returns the first two octets of it, joined by dots in between them if they exist; otherwise
18784: This Python script creates two lists of bracket types - one to represent the opening and another closing. It then uses these as key/value pairs in
18785: This Python script attempts to divide two numbers and prints the result. If an error occurs during execution, it catches that exception using 'try' block
18786: This Python function calculates the weighted average of two columns. The first column is used to calculate total weight, and then it multiplies each value by
18787: This function splits the input string by underscores and returns only one part of it. If there are no underlines (_), then just conver
18788: This Python function checks if the given document matches with permutation of keys. If it does, then returns 'True', otherwise -> "False".
18789: This Python function checks if the given credit/debit number is valid. It firstly, it takes an input of 'credit' or "
18790: This function returns the input in lowercase if it is equal to 'True'. Otherwise, no change or error will occur and output should be an empty
18791: This function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula Tc = [Ts + 41]/[
18792: This function calculates the product of three variables, which are all multiplied together. The result is returned as output from that calculation process in Python programming
18793: If the direction is zero return values are one and two. Else it checks whether its value equals to either of three other possible integer constants; in
18794: This function converts an object to its equivalent in Python. If the input 'object' does not exist or it isn’t of any type that
18795: This script generates the desired output by joining each list item with tab characters and then joins all of them into one string. The result is printed to std
18796: This Python function returns the word corresponding to an input integer. If no match is found, it defaults back into unknown state and outputs 'Unknown Number'.
18797: This function parses the price string and removes any commas to convert it into Float 1.0 type in Julia language using Base package functions
18798: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'arr' as keys, then returns that new dict. The index of
18799: This function takes in the mass of an object and returns its rounded value to six decimal places. The 'round' method is used here which rounds off
18800: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
18801: This function calculates the index of each element in an array based on its position within another larger 3D grid. The calculation is done by taking
18802: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first two are multiplied, and then subtracted from another term which
18803: This Python function tries to return the value of 'map' associated with key in dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then returns "None".
18804: This line of the function calculates and returns one minus true division between two numbers in numpy array 'xs' with respect to number from which it
18805: This function converts the input value to string and appends an underscore followed by "_id".  It is used in creating unique id'
18806: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the first word from that sentence. If there is no space character present it will return entirety
18807: This function raises an error when the 'end' value is less than or equal to its corresponding starting point. It then calculates and returns two values
18808: This function returns the class of string based on two hash values. The first value is used to determine which substring in an array, while second determines
18809: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
18810: This function returns the concatenated result of query id and document ID with space in between. The last parameter is also included as it's not part
18811: This line of Python script returns the translation list from 'labels' using dictionary transl.  The comprehension is creating an output by iterating over each
18812: This Python script checks whether the first character of input is '¢', and, in case it does not start with an alphanumeric or
18813: If the input 'color' is red, change text to green. Else it will check whether its yellow or blue and so on until reaching black
18814: If the input 'None' OR length of string less than 3, return original value as it doesn’t meet condition to be converted into upper
18815: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to find GCD until
18816: This function returns the day of week and hour from an input date. The result is in tuple format where first element represents 'day' which can be
18817: Throw an error when the number is negative, and otherwise calculate factorial of given integer.   [END] Code snippet provided by user
18818: If the provided string does not exist, it returns an empty String; otherwise cleans up and formats inputted text by removing leading/trailing whitespace
18819: This function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' either TUPLE OR LIST. If it does then returns that object else converts
18820: This Python function generates an array of strings, each string represents the dimensions and data type. The number 'n' is not used as it was removed
18821: A Python dictionary that contains the message to be sent. The keys are 'message', which is of type string and represents an error or success status;
18822: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18823: This Python function takes two lists as input, converts them to sets and returns the union of these “sets” in form an array/list
18824: This Python script splits the input into multiple strings, ignores first two and then joins them back together in one line with newline character as separ
18825: If either of the lists is empty return zero. Otherwise calculate and compare lengths to find minimum length among two sets with equal elements in them."
18826: This function calculates the probability of an external virus infection given various parameters such B is body mass and Temperature; Delta represents time since exposure to
18827: This function converts the input string to an integer, then divides it by fourty and returns that result as floating point value in Python language using
18828: This Python function calculates the SRS Index based on Spectral Resolution and Spatial Receptors. It takes two parameters, srsi
18829: This Python function is used to create dictionaries from the given InfluDB raw data. The keys of these dictionary are tags, which can be accessed
18830: This Python function calculates the Fibo number at given position. It uses recursion to calculate, but it's not efficient as we are
18831: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18832: If the input string 'text' does not exist, return an empty String; otherwise check whether it starts with "[" character followed by its end using
18833: If the given 'node' or its child dictionary does not contain an entry with that name, it returns "None". Otherwise - checks whether there exists
18834: This script creates an ordered set of all the alphabets from A to X.  The result is stored in variable "letters". It
18835: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual "words", and then filters out any URLs from the list of processed/un
18836: If the length of 'Labels' is 0 or more than one and there are at least two values in list named `Zero Values`
18837: This Python script prints the binary representation of an integer. It checks each individual bits and if it's “zero” or not by using AND
18838: This Python script calculates the sum of each row element by multiplying it with another array 'b'. The result is stored into an output list named
18839: This Python function calculates the number of unique keys in two dictionaries and returns their sum, minus any common elements between them which are also counted twice
18840: This line of the given Python script returns length/number or characters in tweet's text.  It is used to determine how long each Twe
18841: This Python function removes the element at index 'd' from list. The new length of array is reduced by 3 elements and it returns updated version
18842: This function returns an HTML span element with the given color and text. The format method is used to insert variables into strings in Python's fstring
18843: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
18844: Returns true if the first element of both vectors are equal.  If not, returns false indicating that they're unequal in some way or another
18845: If the first character of input is either '-' or ‘+ ’, then check whether it follows by another alphanumeric characters. El
18846: This function calculates the rotation matrix based on an input point and angle of 6 degrees clockwise or counterclock wise."""   # noqa
18847: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' contains only string elements. If it does contain any nonstring element then raises an error message "The
18848: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists v and ‘w’. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair
18849: This function finds the first occurrence of 'text' within another string. If it doesn’t exist in that other ‘string', then returns original
18850: This Python script calculates the value of 'p' based on four variables, each with different values. The calculation is done in one line using basic
18851: This program checks the last digit of each number in an array, and returns zero only when that is even. If it's odd then continue to
18852: This Python function calculates the range of indices that can be used to search within an array. The values are calculated based on some parameters and then cl
18853: This line of the function returns maximum between 1 and zero. It is used to prevent negative values from being passed into functions that expect nonnegative arguments
18854: This Python function checks if each element of the input list 'target' is present as an item within another given array/list, and returns indices where
18855: This Python function creates and returns the negative values of an input list 'V'. It uses List Comprehension to create new lists by iterating
18856: This script calculates the weights of each class based on their frequency. The number and distribution are determined by 'Count per Class' list, which is
18857: If character A is not equal to B or if the range of values between them are different then return false. Otherwise it returns true based on whether their
18858: This Python function checks whether the given 'object' or variable "is of type string" and returns it as list. If not then simply return that
18859: This python function calculates the average fitness of all individuals within given 'population' list.  It sums up their individual scores and then divides
18860: This function checks if two variables are equal. It returns True or False based on the comparison result of 'a' and ‘b’ parameters,
18861: Julia's startup script is written in the language of system commands and environment variables to determine whether it should be run on Windows or not based upon its
18862: This Python script is used to find the compliance type of each record from 'resource' based on its unique identifier. The result will be stored as dictionary
18863: This Python script creates an indexed set of elements and counts the number. It also checks if there are any repetition or not by comparing with total
18864: This Python function generates an array of indices that are either the first or next index after any given set, based on some condition defined by 'diff'
18865: If the input 'None', return "". Else, check whether string ends with Kibiblex or Mebilexe and convert accordingly to
18866: This Python script calculates the sum of values from two dictionaries and returns it as another dictionary with keys being common to both dicts but also having
18867: This function compares two numbers. If both are integers or floats it returns the result of comparison (-/+/) between them; otherwise return an
18868: This line of Python script creates an id to dictionary mapping, then retrieves the corresponding information from 'users' list. The function returns age associated with
18869: This line of Python script returns the second element from each list within 'chunk'.  It's using List Comprehension.   The
18870: This function calculates the normalized frequency of each word in an input text. The maximum length is set to be one, and then it normalizes by
18871: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into fields by comma and strips each of the resulting strings from any leading or trailing whitespace
18872: This Python function converts seconds into years/months etc. using the 'divide and conquer' approach to solve it in an efficient way with
18873: This Python script generates the required dictionary with tAPI's NonCE and Method as keys.  The value of each key is set to its corresponding
18874: This Python script merges dictionaries into one dictionary by iterating over parameters and adding each item to the new 'dict'.  It uses nested loops
18875: This function checks if two intervals overlap. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False – the interval checker in Python programming language is used
18876: This function checks whether the current character is an 'i' or not. If it isn’t, then return true; otherwise false as per condition
18877: This Python function converts decimal degrees to hours and minutes. It checks if the input is negative or not before proceeding with conversion process; otherwise it throws
18878: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to '(N -  3)' inclusively. It's an example on
18879: This function checks if the input string is either empty ("") OR stripped of leading/trailing whitespace, returning True when it's not
18880: This Python function takes as input an abstract syntax Tree and returns the list of variables found within it, if any exist; otherwise empty lists are returned depending
18881: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'template' is present as an entry within our main data structure, and then retrieves its value.
18882: This Python script uses list comprehension to generate an array of two elements. The first element is ‘'+’ or '-'; the second one
18883: This script uses the EfficientNet model from TensorFlow Hub to classify images in two categories using transfer learning with preprocessing steps and fine tuning
18884: This line of the given Python script is multiplying 'r' by itself. The value in variable "N" decreases one at each iteration, and
18885: This line of the given Python script is finding and returning maximum value from 'choices' list. The lambda function used in `max` method
18886: This Python script checks the type of 'Value' and converts it into string. If its an integer or boolean then no conversion takes place else raises
18887: This Python function checks if the given URL contains certain parts. It does so by splitting it into its constituent elements and checking each against an array of
18888: This function returns an empty list when the input is ‘n’ equals to zero, and it will return '[1],' as soon after
18889: This function calculates the ratio of two sizes when one or both are zero; otherwise it returns their minimum divided by maximum as per problem statement's
18890: This function calculates the energy output of an electrical system given its BTUs and converts it to Joules.  The conversion factor is set
18891: This line of the given C++ program calculates and assigns to 'result' variable, which is an element from two vectors. The calculation involves
18892: This line of the given Python script is responsible to add newline characters (\r, \t and '\') between list items.  It's
18893: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters, which is not defined in your question but I can provide you with it as per
18894: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18895: This script checks the length of arguments, and then returns true or false based on certain conditions. It also handles some special cases like checking whether an argument
18896: This Python function splits the time string into hours, minues and secs then converts them to frame count using an assumed rate of one second
18897: This Python function calculates the values of A and B based on two coefficients in an input dictionary named 'coef'. The inputs are taken from these
18898: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is then checked to see if it's within or
18899: This script checks if the given Python file is already imported and returns its path, otherwise it will return an empty string indicating that no such import was found
18900: This script checks the number of variables in each function and determines whether they are full, tied or neither based on their type(s). If there is
18901: This Python script cleans the metadata by stripping leading and trailing whitespace from doc type, document number & title. It then returns these values in
18902: If the length of 'part' is ‘one’, return it. Otherwise concatenates first and last part with comma separator in between them
18903: This Python function removes all the special characters, white spaces and newline/return carriage return from given string "VAL".  It replaces backsl
18904: This line of the script initializes 'model' to be none. It is used as an indicator that no specific machine learning or deeplearning models have
18905: This Python script converts RGB values to hexadecimal. It takes an input list of three integers between [1,3] and returns the
18906: This function removes the first occurrence of either less than or greaterthan symbol from given string, if found anywhere else it will remove all instances until reaching end
18907: This Python script filters out the specified 'wanted' hostnames from an input list of dictionaries, returning only those with matching names as new lists
18908: This Python function calculates the square of an input number 'x' until it reaches 98 or less. The result is then returned by that
18909: This script converts the headers of an excel file into dictionaries where each unique column name is mapped to its corresponding value from top row only once and
18910: This Python script uses dynamic programming to count the number of ways that can be made up using different coin denominations. The function takes an array 'co
18911: This Python function checks whether the given IP address matches with regular expression pattern or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that match result; otherwise
18912: This Python script generates random keys of specified length from the given set characters using randrange function to select randomly among available options and concatenation operator is
18913: This Python script checks if an inputted object `value` exists within another given iterable/collection and returns True when it does exist; otherwise false
18914: This Python function checks if one string is present within another. If it finds any character of the first input from left to right that exists as an exact
18915: This function takes an input list and the desired output length as arguments, then either returns that same value repeated according to its size or raises error.
18916: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'list' of dictionaries named "chip specs", appending each dictionary’
18917: This function takes an integer input 'seconds' and returns the equivalent time in hours/mins. If seconds is zero it simply return [hours=
18918: This function calculates the digital root of an input number. It converts each individual character from string representation to integer and then sums them up using built
18919: This Python script splits each string in the input file by commas, and then formats part of that split into an HTML link using formatting methods
18920: This Python function is used to generate the columns in an output dataframe. The input parameters are as follows - 'showInf', which determines whether inference
18921: This function checks if all characters of the string 's' are ASCII. If not, it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that they
18922: This Python function takes an input string, and if it does NOT contain the character ' | ', then returns that same sequence id as is; otherwise split
18923: Calculates the sums of two lists.  The first list is used to calculate an average, and then that resultant value subtracted from another calculated
18924: This function checks if the message is valid. If it's not, returns false and otherwise true after checking all keys of 'messages'.  It
18925: Extracts the 'Tenancy' from an incoming JSON object, if it exists; otherwise returns `None` – Code: def get(
18926: If the number of 'token's in an input list equals 3, it checks whether second token ('tokesn') contains at symbol (@
18927: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer, and returns True when it finds any digit from "zero" to nine", otherwise False. It
18928: This function returns the corresponding letter grade based on an input number.  It uses multiple elif statements to check each condition and return its respective value when it
18929: If the column specified by 'column' does not exist or it exists but has no value then return False and an empty dictionary. Else update its
18930: This line of the Python script checks if 'return_value' is one or any combination from these strings ("True" , “T”,
18931: This python script calculates the average of two images. The first image is multiplied by 7 and then added to another one, which results from
18932: This function checks whether the input 'tages' variable or its value are lists. If it isn’s just one element then returns an object with
18933: This Python function calculates the reference point in pixels based on geographic coordinates. The transformation matrix is used to convert from map units and screen size into
18934: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of predictions and targets. The MSE is calculated as square rooted difference from each
18935: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18936: This Python function reverses the string s by taking each character from end to start and appending it into an array "r". It then joins all
18937: This function checks whether the input is either 'True', an integer 0, or any string that represents boolean value as true/yes and returns corresponding
18938: This function converts input to an integer or floating point number. If the value cannot be converted into either type it returns original unconverted version of
18939: This Python script is used to extract dependencies from the given list of components. It uses nested loops and conditional statements within it'll be using 'get
18940: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and another string. It returns the sum of all elements that are greater than or equal to 0 but
18941: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of all points within an array. The input is assumed to be two dimensional list where
18942: This Python function takes an input string 'a' and returns the corresponding DNA complement. It uses conditional statements to map each nucleotide in sequence A
18943: This Python function checks if two lists are equal by comparing their lengths. If they're not, it raises an AssertionError with custom error message
18944: This line of Python script is extracting the last part from 'bad' id and converting it to an integer, then assigns that value back into
18945: This function checks if the fields my latitude and longtude are present. If not it raises an error with message 'Required field missing'. Returns
18946: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'Scalars' variable type or its elements are list/tuple and numpy ndarrays
18947: This Python function takes an underscored input and returns the same output as if it was written in title case with spaces between each word using str().
18948: If the name of an execution is empty it returns its path. Else creates and concatenates with underscore to form new filename  based on current
18949: This Python function calculates the ratio of two points in 3D space. The ratios are calculated as per standard formulae to find their intersection point
18950: Returns the mass of atom with symbol sym.  Used in molecular mechanics calculations and chemistry software to determine properties like bonding energy, polarizability etc
18951: This function is used to find the longest filename. It takes two lists as input, and returns one string that represents both files' names combined with their
18952: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer that represents how many bits are required to represent all numbers from 9 upto n in
18953: This function calculates the average of all values present within given 'dict' object.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively access each value and
18954: This Python script finds the first occurrence of prefix string and returns its index if found, else it will return '-'.  The function is case sensitive as
18955: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
18956: This function checks if the input string is an ASCII representation of some sort. It does so by trying to convert it into its equivalent as Unicode
18957: This Python function returns the reverse of an input string. If no argument is provided, it will return empty String; otherwise reverses and provides as output
18958: If the 'name' is found within list of faculties, it returns an indicator string. Otherwise return empty/null value indicating no such record
18959: Checks if all four variables in the two tuples are equal. If so returns True; otherwise False – Code is comparing values of different
18960: This line of the script reads from an array named "config" and returns all elements in that list as joined string. The result is then printed to
18961: This script creates an empty dictionary called 'pairs' and then uses the zip function to pair up elements from two lists together into tuples of
18962: If the input "gly" isn't none and it either int/floats then return gyph else raise error message stating that its
18963: This Python function converts the first letter of each word to uppercase and makes all other letters lower case, then joins them together with spaces between every
18964: This Python function takes in the string representation of an inputted date and converts it into WOLFRAM's API format, which is then
18965: Returns the URL of QBERT API endpoint with project id.  The last three characters are removed to make it shorter and more readable, but
18966: This Python script returns the list of items from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to flatten out these multi dimensional arrays into one
18967: This is an if statement that checks the value of 'd' and divides it by two. If its less than one, then returns half what
18968: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is either equal to “yes”, which returns number one eight. If it’is not
18969: If the number is “one”, return false. Otherwise calculate and store all digits of that numbers raised to power equal with their position value
18970: This function checks whether the string contains 'Test' and returns either its value or, when it doesn’t contain ‘test', return itself.
18971: This line of the given Python script is performing bitwise operations. The operation involves shifting bits to create an integer with all 4 bytes set, then
18972: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'start' to an inclusive end number, which is calculated by multiplying two integers together and
18973: This function returns the value of 'val' but when it is less than or equal to '-4', return as "-4", and otherwise, check
18974: A function that returns the name of fuzzer and its corresponding value in an object named 'FUZZERS'.  The FuZz
18975: This function checks if the given value is within any of two ranges defined by three elements each. If it's not, then return false; otherwise
18976: Check if two dictionaries have the same keys and values, ignoring order of elements within each dictionary; return true only when all key/value pairs
18977: This line of the Python script checks whether an input is less than 0 or greater tha n equal to, not including , but upto and
18978: This line of the script is splitting string values into lists based on different delimiters, either by newline ('\\r?\\n'), sem
18979: This Python function calculates the square root of an input number 'a'. It uses binary search to find such roots and has some tolerance level set by
18980: A function that returns an object with the given 'key' and its corresponding ‘Value’. The key is derived from input parameters in JSON format
18981: If one dimension is 3D then return an error message else perform some operation on them; otherwise raise valueerror exception with appropriate description about mismatch
18982: If the package name isn't provided, return an empty string.  Otherwise continue to process it as normal in your function... Code continues with ...
18983: If the absolute value of log base 10 is greater than five, return true. Else false or not applicable based on x's values
18984: This function returns the context of an entity in ConceptNet's API using its ID as input, which is then converted to JSON format and
18985: This Python function checks whether the bitwise OR of two numbers is not zero. If it's nonzero, then returns 'return value'. Otherwise
18986: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by replacing all occurrences ".c" with "" and filtering out any files that end on
18987: This function converts file sizes in bytes to human readable format. It uses the SI prefixes BKMGTPE with appropriate rounding up
18988: Find the minimum and maximum of two numbers, then check whether they are both zero. If not true do something else with them; otherwise just take their
18989: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
18990: Returns true if the first character of 'myPath', which is assumed to be an array, contains slash ('/').  This function checks whether
18991: This Python function converts numbers into different bases. It uses the modulo operator and integer division in order of conversion from decimal system downwards until it
18992: This Python script calculates the minimum value of 'a' in relation to some function, fb and its derivative at point A with respect tp
18993: This Python script calculates the number of ways to arrange an array "data" with one difference between any two elements. The first line initializes and
18994: This function checks if the string "@contex" exists in any part of JSONLD. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or
18995: A dictionary of named console text attributes. The keys are the names and values represent integer codes that control how output is formatted on your terminal/console screen
18996: Increments the value of 'val' by 0. If it exceeds its length, returns all remaining elements in "Val". This is similar to
18997: This function returns the value of one key, but only when it is either 'element' or its substring. If not present in any case above
18998: Code is trying to convert string into integer. If conversion fails, it throws an exception and logs the error message in console using log4j library
18999: This Python script splits the given URL into its components and then joins them back together in reverse order using Google Colaboratory's builtin function
19000: This function takes in string s and returns the same input but with all upper case letters replaced by underscores. The result is then converted to low
19001: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
19002: This function checks if the input is equal to 'true' or not. It returns True when it matches, and False otherwise in Python programming language
19003: This script is used to get the maximum ID from an array of received Updates.  It uses list comprehension and builtin function 'max'
19004: This Python function splits the string '<string>' into two integers using x as separator and returns them in reverse order ie., first
19005: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
19006: This line of the script creates an array called "bigram" which contains all possible two character combinations from input sentence.  It does so by iter
19007: This function checks if the given tour is valid. It does so by checking whether there are exactly as many edges in it and that each edge appears only
19008: This line of the Python script checks if either or both ends are '.', which is considered as special characters in Unix/Linux file system. It
19009: This Python script converts the 'metrics' list into two lists, one with wall clock time metrics that are created containers. It also counts how
19010: This line of Python function calculates the result by multiplying 'REG' with itself raised to power one half ('KEY'). The results is then rounded
19011: This Python function checks two conditions. If one of the variables is equal to tuple(c), it returns that value; otherwise return another variable from t
19012: This script checks the operating system and raises an error when it's neither WIN, AMAzon Linux 1/Linux(Ubuntu),
19013: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as '
19014: This function returns two lists of tuples. The first list contains the string "Robot tells Human to Tidy" and then it waits
19015: This function returns the input string with its suffix removed if it exists. Otherwise, just returning original strings is returned as they are not modified by any operation
19016: This function replaces all occurrences of specified keywords with nothing from given messages; it also removes any extra spaces between sentences/words after replacing them
19017: This function checks whether the given string starts with "{" symbol followed by closing bracket }" then it splits that into two parts using split()
19018: This script checks the value of 'constrat' and based on that, it generates an appropriate string to be used in another function. If both
19019: This function converts the 'address' length to an integer based on its type. Sizes are defined as follows -> Format = [0,
19020: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not. If it's an emtpy, then returns another blank output as per requirement
19021: This Python script prints the command line arguments that were passed to it. The argparse module is used here, which simplifies argument parsing in scripts
19022: This line of the Python script returns an absolute path to pickle file which is created by concatenating data directory and filename with "_".  The extension
19023: This Python function sorts an array of integers using the bubble algorithm. The number 'len' is used to find out how many elements are there and then
19024: This function checks if the string contains any "{{...}}". It does so by using Python's built in re module to search within it and
19025: This function checks the given string and returns an empty or excludes it based on its content.  It's used to filter out certain values from
19026: This line of the script is concatenating two commandline arguments "cli_args['subject'] and 'session'" with an underscore. The result
19027: This line of the script sets 'UserID' and assigns it to be equal with given input, but also initializes role as none in case
19028: This line of Python script is creating the filename and URL to download PDB files from EBI's database using their unique identifier codes as input parameters
19029: This function calculates the square root of an integer using binary search. The algorithm starts with two pointers, one at zero and another on '
19030: This Python function sorts the keys of an input dictionary, checks if it contains at least one element and raises exception when not found; then returns value from
19031: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
19032: This function calculates the minimum cost of connecting two types A and B in an optimal way. The costs are given as inputs to be multiplied by
19033: This Python script calculates the first element of an array. The function takes as input one list and returns its initial value or 'first' item if
19034: This line of Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns the value "locale" to key 'loc'. The function then returns that created dictionaries
19035: This Python function takes an IUpaC Nucleic Acid Code and returns the corresponding sequence of DNA or RNA bases if it exists in our
19036: This function takes an input string and returns the digits in that same order as they appear. It uses List::filter to create only those characters which
19037: This function finds the closest clustering to each site and returns that one along with all other clusters found so far until only 3 sites remain which are considered
19038: Swap the values of two variables 'a' and ‘’ with those from variable "B" in one line. This is done by assign
19039: A Python dictionary is created from the given string of CSS properties with key/value pairs separated by semicolons and colon respectively using if condition to
19040: This function is used to calculate the nth Fibonacci number. It uses recursion and bitwise operations, but it's not
19041: This function takes as input the list of strings 'searchlist' and returns three values - longitudes ('Lon'), Latitides('Lat')
19042: This Python function takes two strings as input, checks whether the first string is longer than 1 character long or empty; then it adds an extra sl
19043: If the hsl color values are not within valid range, it raises an error. Otherwise returns original input as output of function/method in python programming
19044: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at its last dot ('.'). If no dots are found, it returns both strings as they
19045: Throw an error when the input is negative.  This will prevent any potential issues with data that might be entered into our system, such as financial
19046: This script receives events, extracts necessary information and constructing response.  The extracted data is then sent back to the client with status 'Success'
19047: This function checks if the user has entered anything in an empty string. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that no character was
19048: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of average value. If either 'a' and/or ‘b’ is zero, it returns
19049: If the lengths are not same, raise an error.  Otherwise proceed with comparison and return result in string format as per problem statement's requirement."
19050: If the attribute progress doesnt exist in object named `status` then return string None else format and display information about download speed downlaod rate upload
19051: This function calculates the ratio of two given numbers. The result is then normalized to fall within  [min, max] range using min_max
19052: This python script prints "Shutdown initiated" and then exits with status 0, indicating successful termination of program execution in Unix/Linux
19053: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
19054: This Python function splits the input string into individual characters, converts them to lowercase and checks if all of these are unique in their original order
19055: This Python function counts the number of whitespace characters ('') present on each row. It uses an iterative approach to count and return that value as
19056: If the input 'list' has no elements then return it as one element array. Else just returns original data in case of any other type or
19057: This function compares two strings, but only returns an integer. If the last characters of both are equal it checks which one is greater than/less
19058: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
19059: This line of the Python script checks if "file_location" ends with ".gz". It returns True or False based on whether it is gz
19060: If no specific 'tags' are provided then it returns none. Else checks whether the input to function `getTags` matches with expected format and
19061: If the parameter 'specific_params' contains key named batch_size, assign its value to variable. Else set it as none/null
19062: This line of the Python script is checking whether or not an input string, 'coordinate', matches with specific values and then returns either value from that
19063: This Python script starts by getting the current timestamp in nanosecond resolution, then prints "Hello world!" and finally calculates how long it took to
19064: If the string is empty, return it as such. Otherwise continue with your logic to process and output result in another way depending on what you want
19065: This line of the given Python script replaces all dots in MAC address with nothing and then cuts off first 3 characters, followed by two colons
19066: Returns the conjugated of 'complex' number. 1j is added to it, which represents an imaginary unit in Python programming language and its corresponding
19067: Code: Reached Numers = True, Snaphot Number Empty; For each character reverse order snap num found non numeric char then print
19068: This Python function takes an existing name of the Index and adds to it some suffix, then converts all characters into lowercase letters in order not only
19069: This function returns the current time in 1049 format. The hours are represented as two digits and minutes/seconds also have their own
19070: This function is used to create the hierarchical structure of nodes and their children from an input dictionary where each key represents one or more parents while its value
19071: This Python function calculates the accuracy of predictions made by an algorithm on some dataset, given that it has been correctly classified or incorrectly classfied
19072: This Python function calculates the total of all digits present within an integer. It converts each digit into its numeric value and adds them up
19073: This line of the given C# function returns an enum value as string. The findLast method is used to get last occurrence index, and then we
19074: This function returns the string 'vv' repeated n times. It is used to create an indicator of versioning in software development processes, where it helps
19075: This Python function calculates the product of two numbers. The result is returned as one line using floor division operator "//".  It's named
19076: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers. The distances are calculated by subtracting corresponding elements from each other and then squ
19077: This function checks if every character of the input is within 'allowed' characters. If not, it returns False; otherwise True after checking each one by
19078: This line of Python script returns the rounded value.  It's used to make sure that some number is always an integer, even if it was
19079: This Python script checks if the list 'l' contains at least one element that is true. If it does, then returns "True", otherwise -
19080: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over the list of tuples 'cycles'. For each tuple it append to our result
19081: This function checks if the user's login status exists in their current online sessions and returns it as True/False based on that check result; otherwise
19082: This Python function calculates the line ratio of an object given its volume and density, using model #two from MDLs with logarithmic scale in
19083: Copies the 'nodes' list and returns it along with some variables. The copy is used to avoid modifying original data in place which can be
19084: This Python function splits the input string into two pieces based on ':' character. If it starts with an exclamation mark (!), then prefix
19085: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19086: This Python script checks whether the given file or directory' absolute/relative paths are valid, and then normalizes them to an OS independent format using '
19087: Checks if both the 'outcoming' and incomming heartbeats are greater than 0. If so, it returns true; otherwise
19088: This Python function calculates the sum of four numbers, each raised to fourth power. The result is negated before being returned by subtracting it from
19089: This function checks the input values to see whether they are null or NaNNaan strings etc., then returns them as per their types/values according
19090: This function checks if the string starts with "<?" and is followed by 'XML'. It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace from both
19091: This line of the script creates an empty list called "weightedSampels". It'll be used to store samples that are selected with weights
19092: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an output string. The input parameters are 'resource' which represents some kind or object, inf
19093: This Python function encodes nested dictionaries into one level deep. It uses recursion to handle the dictionary structure and creates new keys with formatted string notation
19094: This function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary, and then adds 1 because we are counting from zero not one as
19095: This function takes two parameters, 'AD' and ‘pmax’. It multiplies these together to give the result of an equation that is
19096: This function takes two parameters, row and col. It returns the product of these values as an integer in one line using Python's builtin functions
19097: This Python function uses bitwise shift and the property of modular arithmetic to calculate result. The 'mod' is used as an upper limit on our
19098: This is an example of 4D matrix in Python. The first two elements are tuples containing x and Y coordinates respectively while the last element
19099: This Python function takes in an input 'str' and converts it into integer values by splitting the string on commas then converting them to integers using
19100: This function returns the background of an element with id 'val' in CSS. The value is taken from array named as colors and returned based on its
19101: This line of the function calculates and returns an estimate based on Alpha, Beta & Rho parameters in Rayleigh scattering model using Rel
19102: Increments the counter when optimum price is within specified range, resets otherwise.  Code counts number of times an item's optimal or lower
19103: If the value of 'R' is zero then it returns ('Zero',   ,    ) which means that there are no errors and all variables have
19104: This function adds the result of multiplying 'num' by one tenth to an input number, then returns that summation as output from another method
19105: If the input is an empty String, it returns itself. Else if there's only one character in its first position and that char lowerc
19106: This function returns the string "{}{}". The first parameter is converted to an integer and then appended with another variable. If no parameters are given
19107: This Python script checks whether there are properties that overlap or contain other unique ones and raises an error message accordingly when such conditions occur during the merging process
19108: This function calculates the absolute difference between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an integer, which represents how far apart they
19109: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is one of the given strings and returns that word or original unmodified. If not found then
19110: This Python script checks whether the input string starts with an opening bracket ('['), ends in closing square brakets, removes these characters from it
19111: This line of the function returns True if 'f_current' is less than or equal to an incremented value by some constant factor. The variable
19112: This line of Python script is creating the root form or base word from an irregular verbs. It takes in one parameter, 'regular' and returns its
19113: This function checks whether the required keys are present or absent from 'testResultData' dictionary. If any key is missing, it returns false; otherwise
19114: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
19115: If the number of runs is less than or equal to zero, it returns one. Otherwise，it calculates and return its reciprocal square root
19116: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' using an arithmetic series formula. The result is returned as output, which
19117: This Python function checks the first three characters of an input string, and returns it as output only when that is 'PYT'. The rtrim operation
19118: This Python script creates an exact copy of the given 'dictionary' and then deletes all items from that copied dict based on their corresponding item found
19119: Implemented the function to calculate area of rectangle. (Note that it's not necessary if you have already implemented in your previous task
19120: This Python function checks the value in 'VOTeID' and returns an appropriate string based on it. If VotId is not within
19121: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19122: This function returns the number of days in given time period, which is equivalent to converting total secondes into day(s). The conversion factor from Second
19123: Throw an error when either of the two bytes are greater or equal to 'maximum value' which is always set as "int3" in
19124: This Python function takes an input string s and returns the result of joining all characters from `string` that appear more than once with their count multiplied
19125: This function is used to predict the class of an object based on its features using async method and prints out "Prediction Callback" if successful else
19126: Code is returning the coordinates of an area in image. The top left corner's coordinate are incremented by 1 to account that they start from
19127: This Python function splits an input string of attributes separated by commas and creates dictionary from the resulting list where each key corresponds to one part divided between
19128: This function checks if an object has the non LCP type. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there is no
19129: This function checks if the given 'extension' is present as part of any word within "file name". If it finds an occurrence, returns true.
19130: Returns True if the string 'x', converted to ASCII byte format using Python’s builtin function "encode", does NOT contain any null characters
19131: This function checks the configuration of an object. If no such attribute exists, it returns false; otherwise true or return value depends on whether all required attributes
19132: This Python function sums up the values of all instances where an "x" is encountered, and if it encounters either J/ K / Q then
19133: This function returns the value of 'panel' divided by two, with an extra check to see if it is odd. If so then true else false
19134: This Python script checks the current git repository's active 'branches'. If it is on master, then changes to main. Otherwise returns an
19135: A function that returns the corresponding fortune based on an input number. The numbers range from -∞ to +± infinity and are mapped onto different
19136: Create an empty dictionary named 'field_classification' and populate it with the class names from each of these fields.  The keys will be
19137: This Python script creates an exact copy of the 'dep' map, but with all dependencies removed from it to save memory space and improve performance when dealing
19138: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The result is negative, as it's supposed to be minimized in optimization
19139: This Python script checks whether the input 'io' object has an attribute named `is_buffering` and returns either of three strings ("RW
19140: This line of the function checks if all four conditions in 'new' are true. If any condition is false, it returns False; otherwise True
19141: This function returns whether the product of two numbers is positive.  It does so by checking if both inputs are greater than zero, and only then it
19142: This function takes an underscored string as input and returns the same text with all first characters of each word capitalized using map() in Python'
19143: This script is used to extract the build and repository information from an input dictionary of images' results returned by Docker Hub API call using Python programming language
19144: This function returns the cube of an input number.  It's simple and efficient, but it doesn’t provide any additional information or context
19145: This Python function returns the part of an input string after finding and returning its index if it contains '/' character, else return whole original text as is
19146: Removes all whitespace from the string.  It'll remove multiple spaces and tabs as well if they exist in between characters or at start/
19147: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns Vspine, which is calculated by multiplying kin(RE)/kin[OUT]
19148: This Python function calculates the similarity between two dictionaries, where each key is associated with an integer value representing its frequency of occurrence within both input dict
19149: If the 'response' variable does nothing, return it as such; otherwise check whether there exists any dot ('.'), and replace all dots with an
19150: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, then scales that result by some factor. The resulting value is subtracted from one of those original values
19151: This Python function calculates the ratio of numbers that are either all capitalized or not at alphabetic characters, based on whether they contain any
19152: This function merges two dictionaries into one by checking the keys of both dictionary objects to see which ones are present on each object before assigning them
19153: This Python script generates an object with randomized values and returns it as output in JSON format using the 'json' module of python language – which
19154: This Python function checks if two dictionaries have the same key sets in any order by comparing their intersection with each other's union of all unique elements
19155: A dictionary comprehension that creates an indexed list of lITHOLOGIES. The keys are the unique values from LITHO LOGI C
19156: If the 'digest type' is 1, return SHA1. Else it returns either or both of them depending on their value in
19157: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from given 3x4 Matrix. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that task
19158: This Python function splits the given filepath into two parts - filename and remaining part of subdirectory/file paths – based on "/" character
19159: This script generates an id list from the 'Subscription' table.  It is used to identify which users are active and who have not opted
19160: This Python script splits the source string into parts using hyphen (-), then it tries to convert each part of these strings back as an integer and
19161: This function checks whether the given matrix is empty. If it're not, then return true; otherwise false or error message depending on conditions met by
19162: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19163: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19164: This function takes in an input text and returns the same output as it. It does not do anything with that data, just returning what is passed to
19165: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any position
19166: This Python function calculates the similarity between two lists of numbers by comparing each pair's difference with an "absolute" value, then sums up
19167: This function calculates the difference between two 3D coordinates. The result is returned as three separate values, representing changes in x and y directions respectively
19168: This Python function is used to find all the location names that have no data associated with them from an inputted 'dictionary' of counts and returns
19169: This function checks whether the given string is an empty or not. If it isn’t then returns that as output else null/empty value will be
19170: This script is used to merge two dictionaries by adding the values of one dictionary into another based on their keys and returning new merged Dictionary object as output
19171: This Python script splits the file name into two parts based on '.' and then further split them by '_' to get both "Land Cover"
19172: This Python function checks whether the input "channnel" variable exists and its length. If it does, returns that value as output else raises an
19173: This Python function checks whether two input numpy array objects are of equal dimensions and raises an error message otherwise, it subtracts 1/3
19174: This Python function converts an integer into its string representation, but only up to the first 6 digits. If it's less than ten
19175: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19176: This function updates the values of keys from one dictionary to another based on their respective data structures and conditions specified by an additional set 'extra'. If there
19177: This Python function takes in the filename of an FITS or other type and returns its corresponding .STARs version if it is recognized; otherwise
19178: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements multiplied by their corresponding index. The result is returned as 'f'.  It uses two variables
19179: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is greater than one, it recursively calls itself with half of 'input
19180: This Python script splits the given string into its components and returns only one of them as output which is 'B' in our case but it can
19181: This Python script creates an array with zeros and then assigns the value of one to indexed positions. The final output is returned as 'array
19182: This script is used to add the corresponding index of each element from 'save' list with its respective value at position 0, then it continues adding
19183: A function that returns zero. It's just an example of how to create functions in Python::Python, Int -> Return(int):
19184: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate GCD until it
19185: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists and then computes their average. The result is returned as an output tuple with
19186: This Python script splits the filename into its extension and appends "_grayscale" to it, if there is an existing one in that name
19187: This function calculates the value of an expression based on five numbers. The result is then squared and subtracted by another term, which also depends
19188: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'var' divided by another variable.  The result is stored in an output file named "
19189: This program calculates the sum of all possible adjacent cells within an array. The result is stored and displayed on screen as output from another function called display
19190: If the string 'sut' is found within one of three specific strings ("bas", “reco” or any combination), it sets certain
19191: This function returns the given file's full system paths.  It takes in one parameter, 'file', which is expected to be an instance of
19192: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/sequence.  It's basically returning all elements in 'intervals'. The
19193: This function checks whether the given name is present as an element of 'force' steps list, and returns true only when it exists within that specific context
19194: This function calculates and returns one side length based on its given parameters, which is half that value times itself plus 1/3 * sqrt
19195: This Python function swaps the values of two variables. It does so by creating temporary variable and then assigning one value to another while keeping its original
19196: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the results of iterating over two lists simultaneously using enumeration on one list while checking
19197: This function takes an input path and returns the file extension of that filename in Python using 'os' module functions like `splineext` or just
19198: This function takes the string 'name' and returns its path in data directory. The result is joined with other paths to form an absolute file system location
19199: This function calculates the short term interest rates by subtracting from long terms. The formula is derived based on bond pricing models, where 'bond
19200: A Python dictionary is used to create an Elasticsearch search request. The 'dict' data type in python represents the JSON object that we are going
19201: This Python script calculates the ratio of two numbers and multiplies it with another number to get an output value which is then returned by function call in
19202: This function checks the input 'value' and returns it as per conditions mentioned above, else return original unmodified string/number – based on
19203: This function takes in an input list of sentences, and returns the first word from each sentence as outputted by splitting on spaces within that specific string object
19204: This Python script splits the input filename into two parts, then returns one of them as output which is always 'Chr' followed by whatever comes
19205: This function checks whether the birth year is within valid range. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or else returns an error message
19206: This Python function checks the value of 'BackEnd' and returns different lists based on its values. If it is either sqlitte, then return
19207: "A Half Adderer Function" – Code Description -> This is an example to understand how functions work in Python programming language with bitwise
19208: Code Summary of the given SQL query is as follows - The first part selects all lines that intersect with grid cells and then sums up their lengths based
19209: This function checks the input and raises an error when it'll fail. If `is` instance to integer then returns as single element array else return
19210: This function checks if the current player has won by comparing all elements of their column. If they are equal to 'j', it returns true, otherwise
19211: Returns the area name as "Area" followed by an id. e,g., if input is '1' it will return output = Area ID
19212: This Python function compares two names and returns an integer indicating their relationship. If the first argument is less than, equal to or greater as in al
19213: Removes items from the dictionary that are present only once and returns new dict with those keys removed – Code is used to remove duplicates based on
19214: This Python script checks the first three characters of each string and assign them to new values based on whether they start with 'srf', ‘pipe
19215: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an image scaling factor based on ZPIMG value, which is then used to adjust another
19216: This function returns the minimum of 0 and maximum value between -3.9e+47 to +6 inclusively using Python's
19217: This line of the given Python script is responsible to determine if an incoming packet has been dropped or not. It does so by checking whether 'request'
19218: This function takes in the string 'text' and returns its split into list of individual word/s using space as delimiter with None values removed
19219: Throw an error when the identifier is empty.  The message "Identifier Length Must Be GreaterThanZero" will appear in console or
19220: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19221: If the "row['is_patgenomic'] column is True, return false. Otherwise returns value from 'column' lp'.  This
19222: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19223: This Python function converts RGB values to Lab color space and returns the converted LAB value as tuple of three elements in range [(L),(a
19224: This line of the script initializes an empty list called 'features' and assigns it to be either its current value or, in case there isn
19225: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 'X'.  It's very simple and doesn’t do anything more. However,
19226: If the list 'len' of elements is ‘one’, return that element. Otherwise check first character and perform appropriate operation on rest part depending
19227: This function checks whether the given version number 'v' has an integer value. If it does not have one then returns false otherwise true or return to
19228: This function checks whether the string contains either '[' character, which is used to denote an array type declaration and returns its length otherwise it simply return that
19229: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns value 'c' which is 3.0 plus result from multiplication operation between variable "z
19230: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual "words" using space as delimiter and returns them in list format, which is
19231: This line of Python script returns the list with all elements that are not equal to 'element'.  It uses List Comprehension.  ```
19232: Checks if two characters are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet used in Python programming language
19233: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an
19234: This Python function calculates the check digit of an ISBN. The input is given as string 'number' which represents digits from left to right and
19235: This script sorts the list of evaluation IDs, then creates dictionaries to count how many times each template appears and finally appending those that appear more
19236: This function returns the length of input string.  Code is used to find out how many characters are in an entered text or number, and it'
19237: This Python function calculates the value of 'f' in equation 3. It uses mathematical operations and functions to solve it efficiently, which is why
19238: This function generates batched slices of data. It calculates the number and size needed to divide 'data' into multiple chunks or "buck
19239: This Python function calculates the FAR and FOR values of an algorithm using true positives, false negatives(fp),true postive cases or
19240: This line of the function returns an array with all elements multiplied by (-1). It's essentially flipping every element in '__data'.
19241: Creates an AWS IAM policy document to allow access from the specified IP address(ess).  The user will be given temporary security credentials that can
19242: If the object passed to it has type 'list', then iterates over each item of that "object".  It checks whether an element inside such
19243: If there are no clusters, return zero; otherwise calculate the maximum value of all cluster values divided by their product in shape dimension and returns it as result
19244: This python script calculates the slope of each side and checks whether or not it intersects with any other sides. If yes then returns True otherwise False
19245: This function creates two dictionary objects. The first one contains the unique pollution names from each data point, and it returns another object that maps these to their
19246: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
19247: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19248: A function that returns the corroutines of an array.  It takes in two parameters, one is list and another parameter to specify whether it should
19249: This line of Python script returns all elements from list 'a' that are NOT present as an element within the second input array/list, i.
19250: This Python function converts the given number of "mins" into hours and remaining mintues. The result is returned in string format with leading
19251: If the color of an object isn't specified in its properties or it equals to black then use that as base. Otherwise return whatever was given by
19252: If the input list is empty it returns an blank dictionary. Otherwise creates and populates output dict with values from given inputs as key/values pairs
19253: This function takes an input 'X' and returns the corresponding value based on its type. If X equals to integer it multiplies by one hundred times
19254: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
19255: This Python function calculates the square of 'theta' and returns its product with variable "Z".  It is equivalent to Z=Theata^
19256: If the length of 'Word' is more than 1 character, check whether it starts with an uppercase letter; convert to lower case otherwise return
19257: This line of the given Python script counts how many times "letters", which are found in 'word' column, appears as substring within each
19258: Code is calculating the color values of an RGB based on some conditions in Python programming language using mathematical operations and conditional statements; it's doing something similar
19259: This Python function uses regular expressions to find all occurrences of word characters in the string `s`, but it does not escape backslashes
19260: This script is used to update the "City" property of each dictionary item within 'points' list. The new value will be set as its corresponding
19261: This Python script returns the database 'car' as dictionary where each key is unique and its value associated with it contains elements of that particular keys which are
19262: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19263: This program generates random strings of length from the combination string. The generated characters are selected randomly and concatenated to form each new character is added into '
19264: If the 'table_space' parameter exists, it will be used as an alias to create tables in. Otherwise no action or return statement would occur
19265: This line of the Python function checks if input is either 'Yes', ‘True’, or both. It converts all characters to their respective
19266: If the sum of Precisions and Recalls is zero, return 'zero', else calculate as per formula. Otherwise it returns "Preciseness *
19267: This Python function splits the input string by commas, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each element and returns them as separate elements of an
19268: A dictionary that maps the string values of 'low', ‘medium’ and high' to their corresponding integer value. This is used in an application
19269: A python script that generates the required dictionary. The seed is incremented by one and then multiplied with ten thousand to generate an amount in dollars which
19270: This function returns the dictionary with status and content of “not found” error in BlackBerry QC761 device application download link as
19271: This line of Python script returns the difference between each pair from two lists v and ‘w’. The function uses builtin python functions 'zip
19272: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "transactions", which is assumed to be stored as dictionary objects within another key called
19273: This Python function takes an input list of integers, and returns the corresponding integer value on BitMap. If there is no such blades exist then it
19274: This Python function attempts to convert the first part of an array into integer, multiplies it by ten hundred raised power equal length minus current index and returns
19275: This function returns the dictionary with keys 'categorie',s id ', nam e' and un classified status.  The values are passed
19276: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence in Python. It uses recursion to calculate each number, but it's not efficient
19277: This function returns the number of digits in an inputted integer or float.  It's used to determine how many places are needed when storing
19278: This function returns the path to an image file with given filename. The extension is .IMG, and it's located in /PathTo/.
19279: Replaces all occurrences of {ENDPOINT NAME WITH END POINTS}.  This function is used to replace the placeholder with actual end
19280: This function checks whether the given string is either 'polynomial' equal to ‘one’, return an empty list. If not it returns
19281: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19282: This Python function returns the values of specific keys from an input dictionary, defaulting to empty strings if they do not exist in that particular key's
19283: Counts the number of partitions found within all disk values and returns that count as an integer value, ignoring any non-"partitioned".  This
19284: This line of Python script converts the decible value to linear scale. It's an example on how we can use exponentiation operator in python
19285: This Python function returns the result of an expression based on whether 'x' is less than 1 or not, and how many times it needs to
19286: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in space, given their velocities and acceleration. The formula used is derived from physics principles of motion
19287: This function checks whether the string 't' or its lowercase version is present as part of another word. If it does then returns true and false
19288: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19289: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in list 'lst' starting from index 1 up to but not including length len('l
19290: This Python script splits the string at ")" and then takes first element of resulting list, which is further divided by comma to get only one value
19291: If the current Node object does not exist, return 'None'. Otherwise calculate and returns difference between end of that specific substring in string by given `
19292: This function checks whether the provided parameters are valid. If any of them isn't, it returns false; otherwise true will be returned indicating that these
19293: This Python function converts the input into string format based on its type and content of that object in memory using `isInstance` method to check whether
19294: This function checks the input and converts it to an integer or returns as such in case of invalid inputs/types – stripping leading & tra
19295: This Python script converts the first letter of each word in an input string to its corresponding ASCII value, then appends it with all other characters
19296: If the sum of 'hand' is greater than or equal to "bust", return one, else it returns eleven. This function will be used
19297: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, then removes all spaces in between them using replace function with no argument to remove multiple consecutive space
19298: This line of the Python script is splitting an input string by underscores and then taking only one part after last dot, which gives us just file
19299: This script replaces all occurrences of the old string with its corresponding replacement from dictionary 'new' and returns modified version as output – one
19300: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
19301: This Python function takes in an input string, finds the position of '-' character and returns UUID part after it or raises error if not found/invalid
19302: This function returns the string concatenation of field and '_target' followed by '.txt'.  It is used to generate file names in target directory with
19303: This function returns the path to an API credentials file in JSON format based on its name inputted by user, which is then used as part of construct
19304: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an string that starts with 'stack' followed by some value from stack.  The function takes one
19305: This function returns the rounded coordinates of an object's position.  It takes in two parameters, 'x_pos', and "y_pos
19306: This function is used to find all the nodes that are not connected with any other by traversing through each and every key of 'graph' dictionary
19307: This function returns the input text as is. It's just an example of how to create simple functions in Python, without any additional logic or functionality
19308: This program will take an input from the player, and based on that it decides what to do. It can play rock paper scissor game
19309: This Python script converts an input string of binary digits into its equivalent integer value. The process involves bitwise operations to perform the conversion and manip
19310: This Python function splits the input string by commas, converts each value to float and returns it as list of floats using one line python
19311: This script converts the input variables to their respective data types and performs some operations on them. The conditions are checked, then they're converted back
19312: This function returns the .code file of an input path. The output is in COCO format, which can be used to train object detection models using
19313: This piece of python script is used to adjust the values in two variables 'x' by some amount. The adjustment depends on whether or not condition holds
19314: This Python script generates an array of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents the class and file name. The 'bams' are represented as paths to
19315: This Python function takes an email address as input and returns the username part of that mail id, if it exists else return original one ie., no
19316: This function remaps the years to be between 3rd century BC(~678 AD - ~July, 'X')and present.
19317: This Python function returns the id, created at and status of an object.  The output is in JSON format which can be easily parsed by other applications
19318: This function converts the input into an equivalent grade letter based on numerical values, with specific conditions to return different grades as per scale of 4th
19319: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19320: This function takes the output of 'consoleInterface' and splits it into three variables based on periods (".") It then assigns these values to their
19321: This Python script calculates the average execution time per period of all given 'Tasks' and checks if it is less than or equal to 3.
19322: This Python function takes an input string, split it by "_" and then capitalize the first character of each part except possibly last one which is lower
19323: This line of Python script returns the last value from each element 'fs' using lag function.  It is essentially creating an array with all elements being
19324: If there are no GPUs available, it returns "nothing".  This is the case when running on an environment that doesn't have any CU
19325: This function calculates the centre of an object in two dimensions. The input is assumed to be given as "top left x", and top right y
19326: This function raises an error when the input parameters are invalid. It then returns 'value' raised to power of ‘exp’ or any other number
19327: This function constructs an URL by adding the necessary prefixes to ensure it starts with http or www, and returns only if no other conditions are met
19328: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19329: This Python function returns the type of an image, video or audio file based on its MIME Type using if/else statements and string methods in python
19330: This line of the Python script is creating an absolute path to save FASTA files. The destination directory, "destination/directory", and file
19331: This function converts the 'how' parameter to lowercase and returns an appropriate string based on its value, either mean if it is one of three
19332: This line of the given Python script adds 'x' to itself and assigns it back into variable "y". The result is then printed.
19333: This function counts the number of occurrences in 'long string' that target character is found at, returning it as an integer value which represents how
19334: This line of the program calculates and stores in 'PM' variable maximum value between two given values. The calculation is done by dividing FM with
19335: This function checks whether the string contains at least one character from set of special characters (*, ?). If it does then return true else false.
19336: This Python script filters out requests that contain the word 'REQUEST UUID' from an input list of dictionaries and sorts them by their stream count using l
19337: If the 'value' parameter isn’t provided, return false; otherwise perform an operation based on configuration setting ‘Action'. The default behavior of
19338: This function checks if the four corners of two boxes overlap. If they do and their dimensions are all positive integers then it returns True else False –
19339: This script generates SQL queries to select all the positions from 0 upto n. The result is then joined into one string with 'UNION'.
19340: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19341: If the mean luminosity of star is greater than five kilokilometers squared, return ten. Else it should check whether its brightness value
19342: This Python function generates the shortest path from an input list of numbers. It uses recursion to traverse through each number and adds it along with
19343: This Python script calculates the difference between two dictionaries based on specific conditions using dictionary comprehension techniques with if statements to check keys existence or values comparison
19344: This Python function checks the value of 'max' and returns an appropriate maximum limit. If it exceeds, raises error message "Value Error". It uses
19345: This function flattens an input list of lists and returns the resultant "flatted" array along with its corresponding indices/positions within each sub
19346: This Python function calculates the number and types differences between two DNA sequences. It raises an error when both strings are not same size, otherwise it returns
19347: This Python script checks if the input variables are both integers and positive. If not it raises an AssertionError with appropriate error message in case of any
19348: This line of the given Python script returns only first word from string 's' after splitting it by '_'.  It is used to get initial part
19349: This function takes in two lists of numbers, and returns four new values. The first value is the summation result from adding element 0 to both
19350: Handle different API versions based on the Kubernetes object's type in GoLang  Code snippet provided above is used to handle various
19351: This function checks the data's types and returns it if not string. If an empty value is found, then return that as well; otherwise wrap
19352: This function takes in two lists, m and n. It returns the concatenation of these list elements as strings separated by spaces using join() method from
19353: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns square summation(sums up all elements in an array/vector). The formula used is
19354: If Xla uses bf16, return true. Else check Flax's TF xLa with Bool value of '
19355: This function returns the value of an element in matrix based on its position. The values are defined as follows; if any index is zero or negative it
19356: This function checks whether the current execution is being run under jacocore. If so, it returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on what
19357: This line of the given C++ function performs an operation on x, shifting its bits to right by 'c' places and then left again. The
19358: This Python function takes in an input string, splits it into individual terms using the split() method and then joins them back together with spaces between each
19359: This Python script uses list comprehension to create new lists by selecting vertices from the input 'raw' vertex indices and then returns their coordinates as another output
19360: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It finds and returns index in array where element equals to target value, or -  indicates that it
19361: This line of the given Python script is extracting data from an object called "children" and then accessing another key in that same 'object'. The
19362: This Python function takes as input an alphabetical string and returns the frequency of each character present within that text. It uses dictionary to count frequencies,
19363: This line of the script is setting two variables, "primar" and “support” to values from configuration dictionary. The names are taken directly
19364: This Python script generates complex numbers from the given list of tuples. The output is then returned as an array with each element being one generated number
19365: This function converts the page id and user ID into one 4 byte integer. The conversion is done by shifting left to create space in front of
19366: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'x' variable, appending to it each name prefixed with “The
19367: This function checks if the first character of each nonempty string in an input list is not equal to "."  and returns True only when all strings
19368: This Python function splits the first and second lines of input string 'content'. The result is then split into individual elements by space character " ". It
19369: This Python function compares two dictionaries and returns the minimum common value. If no such values exist it will return zero as per requirement of problem statement
19370: "Checks if the YAML data object contains an attribute named fa with another property called .FlowStyle" --> This line of
19371: This function takes an input string, strips it of any leading or trailing whitespace and converts the entire text to all upper case letters.
19372: This Python function is used to find the first index of an element that's greater than its previous one. If no such elements exist it returns None
19373: This function calculates the difference between two points and then returns minimum of that value or another calculated one. The result is always within ‘period’
19374: Return the latest event from each sharded stream in your AWS Kineks Streams application using Python and Boto SDK v[version]."
19375: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it ends with ".bin", and then removes the extension from its name to return only file names without
19376: This line of the script returns an empty space followed by '|' characters. The number in parentheses is equal to `line_number`
19377: This line of the script initializes 'field' to be `None`. It is used as an indicator that no value has been assigned yet in
19378: If the number of annotations is equal to one, return "one". Else it returns two. For all other numbers greater than or equals ten
19379: This Python function takes an input string and encodes it by shifting the alphabet characters in such way that each character is shifted 'code' positions down
19380: This function generates the Gray Code of an input number. The base case is when n equals  to one, it returns ['', ''] which are
19381: This Python function subtracts two matrices element by elements and returns resulting matrix, otherwise it raises an error stating that input is incorrect as per problem statement
19382: "Initializes the Elasticsearch client with default values" }.format(**locals())'s purpose and functionality of your program, in
19383: This function calculates the value of x divided by 4 times beta plus half, which is equivalent to calculating y = -1/3 * l
19384: This Python function calculates the negative half of chi squated, plus some additional terms to ensure positive definiteness and normalization in case they are not
19385: Changed the credentials location to headers in proxy settings.  Returned updated dictionary with new setting value of 'Headers'.   [Your Name] on
19386: This Python function checks whether the input is within range, raises an error message otherwise. It then creates or updates some values in memory to represent different states
19387: This Python function takes an optional parameter 'name' and returns the string with spaces removed from both ends of its argument, but only when it exists;
19388: This function takes as input two numbers and an array of integers. It calculates the new value by subtracting one bound from another to get its length
19389: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with some initial value, then repeatedly halves that number until it finds what we're
19390: This function takes an argument list and returns only the arguments that are either '-h', 'help' or one of ['start','stop']. It ign
19391: This function checks whether the third block of one list is greater than, less or equal to both blocks in another. If it does then return minimum value
19392: This Python function takes in an integer 'seconds' and converts it into hours/minutes format.  It uses the builtin "divide
19393: This Python script generates the list 'a' by multiplying each element of another two lists ('b', and so on). The result is then rounded
19394: This script is used to find all the methods of tactics that match with given XMITRE short name and sort them by their names using Python
19395: This line of Python script returns the quotient and remainder when 'idx' is divided by ‘n’. The result will be an index that
19396: Code converts the input string to an UpperCase.  It uses built in function of Python language which is 'upper()' or simply using str
19397: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19398: This line of Python script returns only the positive numbers from an input list.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
19399: This function checks if the given keyword is present within an HTML tag. If it's absent, then returns false; otherwise true or return None depending
19400: If the first element of tuple 'T' is zero then return none. Else calculate and returns new value as calculated by subtracting one from second
19401: This python function calculates the difference between two points in space, b7 and b8 using their respective coordinates as input parameters; then it returns half
19402: This function returns True if the length of DNA sequence ‘DNA_sequence’ is greater than another given 'other' DNAs. Otherwise
19403: If the least significant byte of 'value' is equal to zero, return an address masked with FF and shifted by eight bits. Otherwise just
19404: Checks if the sdk and dc/os service names are identical.  If they aren't it returns false else true; otherwise -
19405: This Python function checks if the given 'filter' dictionary is valid based on its key/value pairs. The filter should contain only unique elements, no
19406: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
19407: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'snow' or any other string is equal to white. If it finds that, then an empty
19408: This python script generates and returns the list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements; one is 'n' which represents how many times to
19409: This line of the Python script is checking whether or not an inputted character matches with one in lowercase form, and then replacing that match found at
19410: This script creates an empty dictionary to store the grid' coordinates and their corresponding ID. It also defines functions that will be used later in creating or updating
19411: This function takes two arguments and returns the second argument as first return value with its original key in it's place. (This is essentially
19412: This python dictionary is used to store the radiation levels of different light sources in ppFD units and their corresponding values are retrieved by using keys from that
19413: This line of the given Python function is performing an operation that seems to be bitwise shifting and combining. The first part, word_val >>8
19414: This Python program calculates the sum of all even numbers up to 'n'. It uses an iterative approach and only adds each new found number that
19415: This function returns the appropriate label based on its input. It checks whether 'category' is equal to one of three predefined strings, and then
19416: This function converts an integer to binary. It iterates over the digits of n and adds them into result "string" as per their value
19417: This Python function sorts the given list of dictionaries by "computeSite", then within ties it's further sorting based on 'Cloud'.
19418: This Python function sorts an array of numbers and returns the nth smallest number. If there are no elements in list, it will return zero as per
19419: This Python function generates the longest possible prefix of 'seq' that is not present as part or whole within any other string. It does so by taking
19420: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19421: This Python function filters out all the tokens that start with "Auto Cr" and also those which are prefixed by 'Cpd' or any other
19422: This Python function replaces all newline characters with spaces and removes the nonbreaking space character from text data, respectively in input string 'txt'. The
19423: This Python function converts all the uppercase alphabets to lower case and returns them in reverse order using sets, list comprehension or dictionary
19424: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19425: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and return an error or success status from ClusterOrStep object's Status property, if
19426: This function returns the path to save dot files of atlases. The name is based on input parameter "g" which represents group names in Atl
19427: This function calculates the Precisions and Recalls of an algorithm using TP(True Positives), FP(&lt;False positives&gt
19428: If the input "Proxy", which could be any Python data structure like string or another class derived from it. It checks whether its instance variable/attribute
19429: This Python function converts an integer to its four byte IP address format. It uses bitwise operations and string manipulation techniques in order convert the number
19430: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in three dimensions. The input parameters are 'n' and two other numbers which represent size or dimension
19431: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from lower to upper inclusive. It uses mathematical formulae and Python's built in functions, returning an
19432: This function converts the number of millisecondes into readable time format. It takes an integer as input and returns it in human friendly form like
19433: This Python script replaces each character of the string with its corresponding value from another dictionary. The result is then joined into one single, uninterrupted
19434: This Python script creates an empty list called 'space' and then populates it with dictionaries representing different variables within the problem domain using their names as
19435: This line of the Python script checks whether 'field' is present as an item within its property. If it does, then set `FIELD MODE
19436: This Python function takes in three parameters row and col to calculate the longitude(lon),and Latitute of an object based on some transformation matrix.
19437: Returns true if the bit at position 'n' in binary representation of x is set.  Otherwise, returns false;   // Code snippet
19438: This Python function takes an input of 'id' or any iterable object that contains at least one element which can be converted to integer but cannot convert
19439: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the 'N'th term. The first two terms are preloaded as
19440: Creates an empty dictionary with the name of each key as its default value.  This is done by iterating over all services and checking if they
19441: This Python function calculates the Dot Product of two vectors. If either input is an empty list, it raises domain error as per problem statement and
19442: This function returns the string 'act' which is set to stay. It was created by an author named John Doe in Python language and it has
19443: Try to get the value of 'request' object from '_value', if it doesn’t exist, then look in function arguments. If that also
19444: This line of the script converts NIR and Red values to floats. This is done because some functions in Python require numerical inputs,
19445: This line of the given Python script adds an element x to list 'ys' and returns it.  The result is then assigned back into variable "
19446: This function returns the name of an airport based off its location in relation to Sheroton, TheWestIn and BestWesternTuscansWharl
19447: This function returns the character name {char_name}"  # Add more details as needed.```python`'f"' is used to create
19448: If the string s is less than four characters long it returns True. Otherwise False and an empty document object with zero lines count are returned as default values
19449: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
19450: This line of the Python script checks whether 'canonical' is one or more occurrences within either list ['Clip', ‘…’
19451: This function takes the input filename, replaces ".cs" with ""_ and returns it as output – used to generate schema from csv files
19452: If the element passed to it doesn't exist, return 'None'. Otherwise just returns its value as string representation of that number in base 1
19453: This script splits the input string into two parts based on specific tags, then returns one of those pieces depending upon which tag was used to split it
19454: This function converts numbers to the most appropriate unit based on their value. It uses Python's built in string formatting and rounding functions with
19455: This Python function takes an input string 'dictionary' and returns the value of its last key from nested dictionaries or lists if it exists else return
19456: If the '_visual studio' key exists, return its value. Otherwise check whether it’s an internal Visual Studio build and then set 'vs
19457: This function checks if the type of an element is one among certain types. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or void depending
19458: This function calculates the slope of line between two points in 3D space. The equation is derived from difference and ratio method, which are common
19459: This line of the Python script converts all uppercase characters to lower case and checks if it is one among 'True', ‘T’,
19460: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation involves subtracting from 'wave' reference, which is calculated by multip
19461: This function calculates the intersection of two curves defined by their parametric equations. The equation is given as '(a*b + c)*d
19462: This Python script generates an array of unique ID'S from the list 'frustreList'. It uses recursion to get all child id’
19463: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an unordered set containing all active plugins, theme or app. The "+" operator is used
19464: This line of the function checks if any one or more values in an array are equal to specific numbers. If so, it returns true; otherwise false
19465: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
19466: This function returns the id of first permission with given 'Value' from list. If no such element exists, it will default to `None` which
19467: Deletes the 'Place' column from rows where either of IsDnf, is not defined or does nothing.  Returns updated dictionary with only
19468: This function checks whether the input string starts or ends with double quotes ('")'. If it does, then returns only that part of text between those two
19469: Implemented the function to calculate average of two numbers. Code is written in Python and uses builtin functions like sum, len etc., which are
19470: This Python function calculates the Area of triangle using Heron's formula. The result is returned as an output in one line, which can be
19471: If the variable 'Preciseness' is  zero, it returns an integer with one decimal place. Else return string starting by "-", followed
19472: This Python script is used to extract the 'Enumerate' items from an input dictionary and store them into another list called ``` enumerable``` .
19473: Code checks if the list of numbers contains only zeros, ones or negative ones. If it does and there's more than two different elements
19474: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the properties of all given objects. The 'extensions' list is used to populate these d
19475: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19476: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from each list of equivalent indel strings, where "id" is used as
19477: This line of the given Python script filters out any elements that are present within an external or "internal" included lists. The result is returned as another
19478: This Python function calculates the Longest Common Subsequence between two strings. If one of them is empty it returns an error message and “”
19479: This Python function converts underscore separated string to CammelCase format by capitalizing the first letter of each word except possibly at position 1 where
19480: This function returns the corresponding letter based on an initial character of attribute string. If no match is found, it will default to returning nothing or some other
19481: This Python function calculates the difference between two matrices. The first line of each matrix is used to determine its dimension, and then it subtracts
19482: Write the code to create an empty list. Code snippet, no loops or recursion is allowed in your solution; only use basic operations like
19483: This Python script is used to replace all slashes "/" with underscores "\_". The function takes as input the list of names, and
19484: This function generates the list of coordinates that are within one unit in either direction from any point on an m by n grid defined as 'threshold shape
19485: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
19486: "Handles actions with zero or negative project count"   Explanation:"This function handles 'actions' in which there are no tasks to be
19487: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19488: This function returns the result of matching two strings. The first string is considered as key and second one to be matched with it using some kind or algorithm
19489: This line of the program calculates and returns an expression. The result is stored in variable 'NDRE'. 1st operand subtracted from
19490: If the 'compiler' variable isn’t set, it returns an empty string. Similarly with ‘build type'. It checks whether these two variables
19491: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with halfway point and keeps halving until it finds that number which squared equals to
19492: This Python script checks whether the 'snapsho' keyword is present within an API call and, If it isn’t found then returns snapshot details
19493: This function returns the path to save csv file. The filename is taken from variable "SpecFileName" and appended with ".csV".
19494: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'code' and feedback type. It returns an output string that includes the corresponding Emojis based on input
19495: This function checks if the input 'Value' can be considered as an instance of type "list" with elements being either ints or floats.
19496: If the API version number exists in input data then it will return an appropriate string. Otherwise returns only organization and application name as per requirement – one
19497: This function takes an HTML string and replaces all dots with ampersands. It's used to escape special characters in the inputted strings that
19498: This script replaces certain strings in the input string with other specific ones based on their location and type within an image file name or pathway to another
19499: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to h+(one minus one). It's essentially subtracting two
19500: If the input 'None' or an empty list, return ['X',[]]. Else process as before.  This will handle cases where no
19501: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
19502: Check whether the input 'dims' can be considered as dimensions of an array. If it could then check that each dimension has at least one integer
19503: This line of Python script creates an empty list, which is then repeated n times. The outer loop repeats the process 'for i' numberOf
19504: This script opens the file hdrstock and writes each filename to it, one per line using Python's builtin 'with'. The function returns
19505: This function takes in an input string and returns the first 6 characters of its SHA hash. It's used to generate unique identifiers based
19506: This line of the Python script calculates an integer value based on some conditions, which is then returned by function as output in one single statement using return
19507: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not. If it's an integer, then returns its square; otherwise return 'Invalid'.
19508: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19509: This function checks if the given string starts with an open parenthesis ("", ends in close bracket "" )"  of type tpn field.
19510: This function checks if the transaction details are related to receiving money from specific addresses or not, based on category and address information provided by user inputted data
19511: This Python script calculates the number of ranks based on binary representation. It counts how many bits are set to one, and assigns each grouped
19512: This line of the function converts all upper case hexadecimal characters to lower. It uses Python's built in string methods and regular expressions
19513: This python script calculates the coefficients of an equation using Euler' method. The result is stored in 'c'. It also uses other variables and
19514: This Python script creates an ordered list of unique names from the given 'input' named "order". The function copies all elements, checks if each element
19515: This function calculates the Fiboancci sequence. It raises an error when given negative numbers, and returns zero or one in other cases
19516: This line of the Python script counts how many dots are in 'dns_name'.  It's used to determine if DNS name is valid
19517: This function checks if the relation is either starts with '/r//' Not', 'distinc from'/or antonym'.  It returns True
19518: Defines function 'f' that adds 1 to the value of variable "a". This is just an example. The purpose could be different based
19519: If the number is 0, returns 'zero'. Else it will convert and display in human readable format. For example -> one two
19520: This Python function converts the input string to its numerical equivalent, taking into account whether it ends with "K", and if so changes sign. If
19521: This function checks whether the string 'X' is present at any position after '_', followed by either "_TAP_" –or“ sig”
19522: This function calculates the number of frames to be rendered in one second. It takes into account both frame rate and elapsed seconds, thus giving an
19523: This Python function sorts an input list using the Bubble Sort algorithm. The sorting is done by comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them
19524: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
19525: This Python function converts the input value from one unit to another. It uses dictionaries and if/else statements as its main operations."   [
19526: This function returns the part of URL after '?' if it exists, else return whole string as there is no question mark in given input and hence nothing
19527: If no input, return appropriate error message. Else proceed with the rest of function's logic based on inputs given in parameters – else returns
19528: If the lengths of first and second are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process...  [...]   else :	Return True or
19529: This Python function calculates the largest number that can be obtained by multiplying three numbers. The input values are multiplied together and then compared with other
19530: This function calculates the BMI of an object given its mass and height. The result is rounded to one decimal place using Python's built in
19531: This function takes two points as input and returns their coordinates after being offset by half of the x or y coordinate. The original values are doubled before
19532: This Python function calculates the product of each number and its next one from an input list 'pList'. If pLis is empty it returns
19533: This function checks whether the voltage cell is negative. If it's positive or zero then returns True and an indication of "I". Otherwise return False
19534: If the input 'Tree' isn’t an instance of List type and has only one element then return empty array. Else remove second item from
19535: If the 'roles' variable isn’t defined, return an empty list; otherwise filter out those entries that contain "application name" within their
19536: This function returns the real and imaginary parts of val, rounded to an integer value using Python's built in functions - 'complex', '->'.
19537: This function calculates the average velocity of two points in space, taking into account their distance and relative speed between them as well an angle θ that
19538: This function returns the concatenation of 'WOPI' with user input name and extension.  It is used to generate unique filenames in
19539: This function is an implementation of the Tarim algorithm. It takes three parameters and returns one value based on their values in descending order using recursion
19540: If the string 'None' or an empty list, return nothing. Otherwise create and returns new strings of length equal to original with character N repeated as
19541: This Python function is used to filter out events that are aligned but do no meet the threshold of being at least one second long or longer than another given
19542: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. It does so by comparing each element in 'position' with its corresponding value from
19543: If the number of elements in 'utility' is greater than 1, it checks whether there are at least "num" items available. It
19544: This function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence up to 'n'. The first two numbers of it are always set as [0] and
19545: This Python function calculates the GC content of an input DNA string by counting 'A', ‘T’, and then dividing it with total
19546: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by slicing strings. The string 'links' has been used to create another list, where
19547: This line of Python script returns the ASCII character corresponding to an integer. The first number is converted into its equivalent hexadecimal value, and
19548: This line of the function returns 'f' divided by ‘a’. The division is done elementwise, ie., each value in array
19549: This Python function returns the string concatenation of bucket and file name. The '//' operator is used to join all elements in an iterable with
19550: This Python script calculates the size of one small sized "balloons" based on their height and how big they are compared to other smaller ones.
19551: This Python function calculates the sum of polynomial evaluated at given point. The input is list 'x' and it returns result as integer value which represents
19552: This Python function takes two values as input and performs an operation on them. The first value is added to the product of another variable 'cv' with
19553: This line of Python function returns the result from merging two dictionaries. The first dictionary is analysis setting and second one contains custom settings to be merged
19554: This function converts the input word to all upper case letters.  It uses built in Python functions like 'lower' and concatenation ('+').
19555: This Python script splits the input buffer into lines, then append each nonempty one to an array 'val'. The function returns that list of values
19556: This line of the Python function returns minimum between maximum and one. It ensures that any given number is within -1 to +1 range, otherwise it
19557: This script reads from the file and returns each nonempty one as it encounters them, or if all are empty then return none at end of reading
19558: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its expected returns, minimum and maximum values. The formula is derived from financial mathematics that models investments
19559: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
19560: This function sorts the list of individuals by their fitness in descending order.  It uses Python' builtin 'sort()', with lambda as
19561: This line of Python script is creating an array with the same size as 'shape' but where each element has been rounded up to be divisible by
19562: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if all digits were removed from it using str().replace() method with no
19563: This function checks if the given file name ends with any of several specified extensions, returning true or false as appropriate based on whether it matches one among them
19564: This Python function checks the data types of its input and performs different actions based on that. If it's given any number or string representation then returns
19565: This Python script takes as input an RNA string and returns its complimentary strand. It uses the dictionary 'complements' to map each base
19566: This function checks whether the length of an OID is less than four. If it's not or its first two characters are anything otherthan '
19567: This Python function checks the type of input and converts it to either an integer or floating point number. If conversion fails due some reason like non numer
19568: This Python function calculates the number of users per square kilometer based on network service provider and active user percentage. The result is rounded to two decimal
19569: "A Python Function to calculate Side Lengths" – Math, Square Root and Round functions used in it."""  ```python--->
19570: This Python function parses the dictionary 'search results' and returns it as string with each item separated by comma followed “and” if there are
19571: This function returns the desired dictionary of properties. The keys are strings that represent different states and values corresponding to those state names in another string representation which is
19572: This function checks if the list of image files ends with "func" and ".gi". If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned
19573: This Python function iterates over the list of pairs, and returns its second element if it matches with given key. If no match is found then return
19574: This script initializes three lists to store boxes and segments of each class across different images. The number 'x' is the total amount/number classes
19575: Throw an error when the input sequence contains 'T' in any position.  This checks whether or no there are occurrences of T within
19576: This function checks the divisibility of an integer by one, two or any number in between. If it's not among these numbers then returns
19577: Checks whether the given text is valid according to certain conditions. The length of string must be 45, second character should have hyphen (-
19578: This Python function takes an dictionary as its parameter and returns another one with the same keys but values that are non null or undefined from original dictonary
19579: "Creates an array with the specified number n, filled by zeros." – Code explanation is not necessary here as it's already in
19580: This Python function checks whether the input string 'rot' is one of specific rotation angles. If it matches any angle, then returns true; otherwise false
19581: This Python function calculates the sum of each digit raised to power 'p' in an integer. The loop continues until all digits have been processed
19582: A dictionary that maps input strings to numerical values, with the string being one of “one tenth” or degrees and returns corresponding value from dict
19583: Removes commas and 'Members' from the inputted strings.  It then strips any leading or trailing whitespace in each line of output
19584: This Python function takes as input two lists, `l` and another list of keys to be used from the first dictionary. It returns an updated version
19585: This function returns the value of an 'else' condition in Python. If `camera type` is either fishey or perspective, it will
19586: This Python function is used to find all the 'steps' that have an associated "Tool ID" equal with provided input, and returns these as list
19587: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius or vice versa based on the value of 'belowZero'. If true,
19588: ","")  # Remove the first part of URLs. This is to remove 'https://' or similar from url in python string formatting
19589: This function generates an image with full width and height equal to one, filled by gaussian beams centered on each pixel in such way that it maxim
19590: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It checks whether 'X' value less than two, and returns one
19591: This line of the script splits up an input file name into its components using "/" as separator, resulting in list comprehension or array like
19592: This Python script reads the input 'text' and splits it into separate line strings using regular expressions, then returns these as list of string elements "
19593: This line of Python script joins all the individual characters in each word together with spaces between them, effectively splitting and joining text into sentences or paragraphs as
19594: This Python function sorts the input list of numbers, then checks if it is possible to form two groups with one number from each group. If so -
19595: If the string 'SF' is found within any value of key `platform`, return true; otherwise false or default to None/False depending on
19596: This function calculates the cosine of plant growth rate based on various factors such as Gross Ecosystem Utilization, Land Use Ratio Unit(
19597: If the input 'None' or empty string received then return two values as ('',''). Else split by semicolon and handle different cases
19598: If the first argument is an empty string or second one equals to "", then it returns False.  Else, continue with next line of logic...
19599: This function checks whether two configurations are either one of the specified or 'Other' based on their names. If both configures have to be from any
19600: This script is used to merge two dictionaries, removing any keys that are present only once and keeping the value from both if they have same key but
19601: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
19602: This Python script checks the type of variable `v` and performs different operations based on its value or data types it contains at runtime using conditional statements like
19603: This function returns the appropriate identifier based on project name.  It checks whether 'proj' is equal to one of several specific strings, and then it
19604: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19605: This line of the given Python script adds an underscore ("_") to every character in 'newS' and then appends it at end.
19606: This function converts all the letters in string 'input' to lowercase using Python builtin functions and replace method, but it only works with small
19607: This function splits an XPath expression into two parts, if the length of that string is not 3 it will warn and return None; otherwise
19608: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from list at index 1 in 'split' function. The result will be used to extract
19609: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19610: This Python function splits the input string into 3 components and checks if they are all digists, then returns True otherwise it will return false;
19611: This Python script calculates the probabilities of all classes except spambase by summing up their values from "classProbabilites" dictionary object which
19612: This function checks if the given text starts with 'https' or not using Python language and returns True/False accordingly based on that condition, ie
19613: This script reads the contents of an existing text document and returns its entirety in one line without any further processing or outputting to console/terminal
19614: This line of the given Python script multiplies an input variable 'x' by seven. The result is then returned and assigned to another new value,
19615: This script reads the configuration file and stores it in memory.  It then uses that data to create an instance of class ConfigFileParser, which is
19616: This function takes in the name of an entity, converts it to lowercase and replaces all underscores or dots with hyphens.
19617: This function checks the operating system and returns its equivalent username. If it doesn't recognize an OS, then 'Unknown'.  The conditions are based
19618: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19619: A dictionary of different types and sizes in acres pertaining to the US states. The keys are state names while values represent an array with four elements representing
19620: This Python script creates an array of numbers and assigns each number to the class based on its value. The function returns how many classes are there after
19621: This program simulates the game of Coin Collector. It starts with zero coin(s), then repeatedly adds five more and increases by one each
19622: This is an implementation of the Bottom Up Staircase Problem. The function calculates number ways to climb stairs given 'N' steps, where
19623: This function calculates the change in position due to acceleration and deceleration. It takes as input x_, velocity vectors(v), time step size
19624: This Python script creates an adjacent list from the given edge data. The input is expected to be two lists of integers where each integer represents one node and
19625: This line of the given Python script replaces all occurrences in 'path' variable with {{ site.urls }}{% if page_
19626: This line of Python script joins the second and last elements in an IP address, excluding any leading or trailing zeros from them using '.'
19627: This Python script generates an alphanumeric sequence of specified size by randomly selecting characters from the lower case, upper cases and digists set in python
19628: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with items from the input 'dct' if they are present as key(s). The
19629: This function returns the value associated with 'key' from dictionary. If no such entry exists it raises an exception and stops execution of program or script that
19630: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative or zero, and returns two other values in certain conditions; otherwise it calculates log base of
19631: This function calculates the value of an expression based on some limit. The calculation is done in such way that it's easy to understand and maintain
19632: This Python function takes as input two lists of equal length and creates an empty dictionary where the keys are elements from first list that appear more than once while
19633: This Python function checks whether the input string is either "SELECT", “EXEC”, 'Select', etc., else it raises an exception stating
19634: This script reads lines from the input file and stores them into dictionary. The keys are 'system' mac address found while reading each of these rows until
19635: A dictionary is created with the units of each item from an array, where keys are currency types and values represent their respective numbers or quantities within that type
19636: This Python function splits the input string into three sections using '.'; it then checks whether last section equals to "l" and removes one of them
19637: This line of the Python script copies all global variables to another variable named 'glob' in memory, but it doesn’t actually modify any existing data
19638: This Python script is used to add values from one dictionary into another and returns the resultant updated base dictonary with new items added or existing ones
19639: This line of the script is reading data from "Occupations.json", which contains information about occupants' details, and then creating CSV
19640: Code that converts the name to title case and replaces underscores with hyphens.  It also ensures there are no consecutive dashes in
19641: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The result is multiplied by 'r' and then divided with ‘x
19642: If the first part matches, then it checks whether length equals to or greater than that in 'else' block. Else return next character from both
19643: Checks whether the given string 'name' starts with an alphanumeric character or underscore, followed by any number of lowercase letters/
19644: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the 'pairs' data. If it encounters any value that is already present as
19645: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary named "feat" and assigns it to variable 'feature'. The key is set as feature name
19646: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19647: This Python function splits the input string 'ic' into three parts and returns one of them, if possible; otherwise it will return an empty String
19648: This function returns the number of underscores ('_') found within an input string 'name'. ..., and it does not count if
19649: Return JSON response with version, session attributes and speech outputs in plain text format – BRAINY OFFICE - card content as the same message
19650: This function returns the value of session variable AVALON_WORKDIR, which is expected to be set in your environment and should point towards where
19651: This script reads an error codes file and stores them into the dictionary. The key of dict will be 'error' from first column onwards while value
19652: If the last known vital status is 'Death By Disease', return true. Else check whether it's unknown and then either returns false
19653: This Python function calculates the average absolute difference between two lists of prices. It does so by mapping each element in 'market price' to its corresponding
19654: This line of the given Python script checks whether ' |' is present within any part(s), and, when found at least once , it spl
19655: Copies the data from 'proc_data' to another variable called "index_da" which is then used in further calculations or analysis of that
19656: This Python function normalizes an array of data. The transformation is done by subtracting the minimum value from each element and then dividing it with its
19657: This Python function returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are `None` it will return another number if provided as an argument to either
19658: This function returns the maximum of three given numbers.  It uses Python's built in 'max()'.  ```python Code is returning longest string
19659: This program generates an empty string of size specified by the user, then repeats it as many times indicated. The repeated pattern is surrounded with two lines
19660: This Python script creates and populates two dictionaries with the count of each character from string 's'. It then checks if all characters are present within
19661: This Python function calculates the determinant of 3x4 matrix using row operations. The formula is derived from Cramer's rule,
19662: If the variable 'Log' exists, append an entry to it; otherwise return and display "No Log" message in console or GUI element as per
19663: This function checks if the input list 'size' is equal to its length. It also verifies that every element of it has an integer or floating
19664: This function returns the color based on whether or not an order is ongoing, complete and cancelling. If none of these conditions are met it defaults to
19665: This line of the given Python script is fetching data from JSON input using get() method and storing it in variable 'value'. The key to fetch
19666: Throws an error exception when the argument is not of type String or less than 0. If it's valid then returns its length as integer
19667: This line of Python script filters out parameters that have an empty string or `None` value.  It then returns the filtered list as output, which
19668: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19669: This function checks if the number of columns in 'Header' and second line are equal, returning True or False accordingly based on that comparison result –
19670: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture, which states that every positive integer starts with 1 and ends up at one by following these steps
19671: This Python function checks whether lengths are equal, and raises an error message in case they aren't. It then calculates water flow rate based on
19672: This Python script counts the number of ‘one’ cells within an inputted two dimensional array. The outer loop iterates over each 'row'
19673: This Python function returns an empty list when the input string is "", otherwise, it splits and return as per "/" delimiter in that case
19674: This Python function takes an integer input 'seconds' and converts it into hours/minutes format. It uses the builtin `divide`
19675: This Python function merges two nested dictionary objects if they are of the same structure; otherwise it raises an exception or returns None depending on whether `raise
19676: This script calculates the Gaussian distance between each observation and simulation data points from two different datasets using matrix operations with numpy library of Python language which is
19677: This line of the script is setting up an empty dictionary called 'filters' to store boolean values. Depending on whether or not it receives input from
19678: If the input 'None' or not of type dictionary then return it as such else iterates over each key value pair and replaces secret with <
19679: Changed the type of "_sdc_*" fields to nullable string and added format validation.  This will allow us in future if we want
19680: This Python script checks whether the 'sig' dictionary contains an entry with key as ‘signature’. If it does, then prints out that we
19681: This Python script splits the string 'type' by '.'; it then returns its second part, which is "last". The result of splitting and
19682: This Python function removes an element from the 'Inventor' dictionary using its key, which is passed as argument to it and returns updated Invenot
19683: This function returns the database name and extension as defined in an input tuple. The output is also formatted to be used within SQL queries or other programming tasks
19684: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19685: This Python function takes an input string of binary digits and converts it to integer. The result is the decimal equivalent value obtained by parsing through
19686: This function converts the given number to its equivalent ascii character. If it'a single digit, prepend with 'O'. Otherwise just
19687: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
19688: This function takes in two parameters, 'col' and the current index of each element. It calculates an intermediate value that is used to create unique
19689: This function checks if two variables are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True or None depending on the type of comparison used
19690: This program checks whether the given binary string has balanced brackets. It does so by checking each character of input and determining its position within an array,
19691: This line of Python script replaces all hyphens in the string "cmd" with underscores, effectively converting it to snake case formatting
19692: This Python script splits the input string "fp" on "_", then extracts and returns its last element, which is assumed to be an extension
19693: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'diags' and an integer offset value which it adds to both x coordinates ('first
19694: This line of the given python script calculates an expression based on several factors. The result is then assigned to variable 'm'.  It's
19695: This function takes an IP address and port as input, splits them into hostname/IPaddress & Port number respectively using the ':' character in
19696: This Python function calculates the value of 't' and then uses it to calculate another point on an ellipse. The equation is derived from
19697: This Python script splits the output of `build` command by new line character and then selects only one part from it, which is assumed to
19698: This Python function calculates the total of an input list, then divides each element by that value to normalize it. The result is returned as
19699: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem, but it
19700: ") + len(line[8:-1]) > 0 and not any((c in "aeiouAEIOU") or c == '
19701: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to an input number. It checks if inputs are valid; otherwise it returns error message
19702: This Python function calculates the value of 'power' using recursion. The base and exponent are passed as parameters to calculate its result in one line
19703: This line of the script is extracting only filename from input file name.  It's using Python built in function to get base part/filename
19704: This function returns the string between two quotes in Python, if it exists; otherwise just returning original input as is – one line only version of your
19705: This function takes in the string 'text' and returns it after removing all non ASCII characters using regular expression substitution method "re". The pattern
19706: This function checks the dimension of an object and returns its dimensions. If it's not number or doesn’t have ‘dimension', then
19707: This function takes an input string and returns the first element of its path. It splits it by "/" character to get all parts then just take
19708: This line of Python returns 1 if the values in variables 'int' are equal, else it will output zero. It is equivalent to comparing two
19709: This function subtracts the remainder of division by two from an inputted integer. It then adds that result to original value, effectively flipping bits
19710: This function concatenates the string representation of all arguments passed to it. The first argument is used as prefix, and each subsequent one gets appended with
19711: If the given number is zero, it returns one. This function will always be called with nonzero values of 'power'. The purpose here to test
19712: This Python script generates an empty string with spaces. It repeats the process num times, adding two space characters each time to create indentation level
19713: This Python function will keep looping until the string 'a' does NOT end with substring of length ‘len_of’ from right side
19714: This Python script creates an associative array or dictionary to map timezones. It then tries and returns the corresponding value from that dict based on input
19715: Check the value of 'external' in dictionary. If it is True, return string Yes; otherwise No – Code snippet to be used
19716: This Python function converts Unix time to days since the epoch. It takes an input of unixtime and returns how many full day(
19717: If the string's character count is greater than or equal to its defined "width", it returns that same input. Otherwise, an error message will
19718: This Python script generates the list of tuples from 'data' dictionary. Each tuple contains x and y coordinates as per "Foods".
19719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19720: This function counts the number of letters present within an input string. It uses Python's builtin 'sum', list comprehension, and helper method
19721: This Python function takes as input an array of binary digits, and returns the decimal equivalent. The process is done by shifting left on each iteration to
19722: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters, which is essentially calculating some kind or formula with these inputs and returning it as
19723: This script is used to filter out the 'Replacements' from given list of dictionary objects, which are those that have replacement value as True
19724: This Python function takes as input an iterable of lists and returns one list that contains all elements from the original nested/multidimensional arrays,
19725: This function counts the number of times an input character appears in another string using Python's builtin count() method and returns it as output, which
19726: This line of Python script returns an ASCII colorized message. The text is colored green and placed in the middle with some space before/after it
19727: If the number is zero, it returns one. This function checks whether or not num equals to zer and then performs an action based on that condition
19728: This Python function splits the input string 'name' into parts based on '-', and then checks whether part two is equal to “Test”
19729: If the reference string isn't provided, return true; otherwise check whether it starts with http(s), and strip any leading/trailing sl
19730: This line of the program is appending each character from 'input' to another variable called "reversed". The characters are read in reverse order
19731: This function calculates the length of time it takes to travel from one location, and then uses that information in conjunction with another variable. The result is
19732: Calculates the Factorial of n. Code is written in Python and uses recursion to calculate it, then returns that value as 'f'.
19733: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns original string; otherwise converts and return its int equivalent
19734: Replaces underscores with spaces, capitalizes the first letter of each word and removes all other special characters in string 's'. It also repl
19735: This Python script calculates the total production of all utilitiez by summing their "productions" and dividing it with some constant factor
19736: This function takes two arguments and checks if they are within the bounds of an array. If yes then it returns True else False 	Type : Function
19737: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot or not only then returns original Value as Integer else
19738: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an incremented index with zeros filled in front. The function takes one parameter, q_
19739: If the value of 'a' is greater than ‘H’, it sets that as new high. Otherwise and only when "L" <
19740: This Python function calculates the derivatives of two variables with respect to one variable. The first and second arguments are derivative values respectively while third argument is denomin
19741: This function takes two parameters - 'scope' and the field value. Depending on whether it is either congrenational or county level data then returns
19742: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture, which states that every positive integer starts with "n" and then each term after n will be
19743: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
19744: This function returns the length of an extension in file name, excluding leading dot if it exists; otherwise return 1 or zero depending on whether there
19745: This Python function calculates the body mass of an animal given its flippers length and their own dimensions. The result is then added to some constant value
19746: This is an example of Python dictionary. It's used to store key value pairs where the keys are unique and values can be any data type like
19747: This Python function checks whether the string 'jobsize'-like value contains an hyphen and, If it does not contain one - returns its integer
19748: This line of the Python script calculates and returns halfway point between two given numbers. The diameter is calculated as difference in these points, which are
19749: This line of Python script converts the user's input into an integer, which is then stored in 'intensity'. The function returns that value
19750: This function checks the first two arguments of an executable and returns one based on their values. If no or invalid value is provided, it defaults to '
19751: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. If it's zero, returns one; otherwise multiplies by itself with its predecess
19752: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the values of 'scale' in reverse order using bitwise shift and decrement operations until
19753: Code is an expression that checks if the time format in string 'HHMMSS' matches one of three patterns and converts it to hours/min
19754: This Python script filters out all the 'devices' from an input list of dictionaries. If no devices are found, it returns `None`;
19755: Return the first three rows of each module as an array.  The last two fields are empty strings because they don't contain any data in these
19756: This Python function creates an array with the same length as input, but each element is shifted to be one step forward in time. The first and last
19757: This Python function tries to add the value of 'n' into variable named "Test". If it succeeds, then returns true. Otherwise return false
19758: This function calculates the new means of two variables based on their original and variance values given as input parameters in case they are not NaNs;
19759: This function checks if the length of an input string is less than or equal to 9, then it also verifies that every character within identifiers
19760: This Python script copies the elements of one dictionary into another and returns it as output which is then stored to 'set3'. The copy function was used
19761: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'list' of strings and joins each string into one long single line as it
19762: This is the sigmoid function, which takes an input x and returns its output in range [ ]. The formula used here to calculate it involves
19763: This function calculates the intersection area between two rectangles. It first finds out how much each rectangle is wider and taller than its other one by using
19764: This function checks the type of 'link' input to decide how it should be processed next based on its data structure - string or dictionary/list object
19765: This function calculates the average of scores divided by total sub graphs. It'll be used to calculate overall performance metrics in graph embedding models like Graph
19766: This script reads and stores all text from multiple .txt or python scripts located at `/home/{user}/Documents/_scripts` directory into Python dictionary
19767: If the input is of type 'category' and it has no reference, return string FL_PASS. Otherwise returns its value as per condition in
19768: This function calculates the value of an expression using recursion and approximation methods, which is equivalent to calculating e^(-x). The formula used here
19769: This Python function uses regular expressions to match lines that start with "VALUES". If the matching is successful it returns two captures from these matches - one
19770: This Python script creates dictionaries from the input list of dictionary objects and then sorts them by date using lambda function as sorting criteria with reversed
19771: This line of Python script joins the elements in list "version" with '.', and then converts them to string type using map() function which is
19772: This function checks whether the given string is either an empty, none of these special characters (-), and also contains '==' symbol to split it into
19773: This Python function checks if the point with coordinates `x`,  `y`` is inside or on one of polygons. The input list 'poly
19774: This Python script iterates over the dictionary 'b' and creates another one named "a" with its key/value pairs from it using list comprehens
19775: This Python script uses the rpartition() function to find and return part of URI after last slash or colon, otherwise it returns 'None'.
19776: This Python script calculates the minimum length of any sublist within its parent list, which is essentially finding out how many elements are present at each level
19777: This function returns the first compound identifier that starts with "C". If no such identifer is found, it will return None by default or raise an
19778: This function counts the number of times 'a' appears in string "s" using Python and returns it as an integer value, which is then used
19779: This script uses the functions of Pand's dataframe module to perform various operations on an inputted dataset. It checks if certain attributes exist within
19780: This function returns the string 'datatype' prefixed with ‘cls_’. It is used to create unique identifiers in Python programming
19781: This Python function calculates the solutions of an equation ax^3+bx= c and returns them in two variables named 'x' or ‘
19782: This line of the given Python script is reducing 'prob' by half if it passes an IF condition. If not, then instead returns its complementary
19783: This Python function returns the list of continents.  It'll be used in an application to provide options on user interface or other applications that need
19784: This Python script creates an empty array and iterates over the input parameters, adding elements to it that are not equal 'SP' or spaces only strings
19785: This function calculates the value of one cell in an array. The formula is derived from its name, "L" and another variable called 'A
19786: This Python script returns the allowed mode list and snapshot length. The 'modes' is an array of strings that represent different data transmission or reception mod
19787: This python function returns the values of three variables. The first variable is zero and second one has value as ten while third varible's unit conversion
19788: This function maps the value from one range to another. It's essentially doing linear interpolation between two points in an interval of values with known end
19789: This Python script splits the input string 'key' into parts using '.', and then retrieves each of these components from an object called "d
19790: If both fields are empty, return true. Otherwise check whether the two values match; otherwise compare their lengths to determine which one has more characters in it
19791: This Python function takes in an input string, replaces underscores with spaces and hyphens to create space separated word formatting of the given name
19792: This Python script creates an auxiliary list from the frequency dictionary and then sorts it by descending order of frequencies before returning that sorted array as output to be
19793: This Python function calculates the "Azm" value based on an inputted 'Angle' which is assumed to be in degrees, but it
19794: A string that represents the SAS URI of an object in AWS' bucket.  The format is sas_uri = '::string    "'
19795: If the 'not' conditions are true then return value is assigned from variable `incriment`. Otherwise it checks whether length difference between inputted
19796: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" and then maps each unique sorted version of these to their count, returning true if all
19797: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "s" where there is an occurrence that ends with semicolon followed by
19798: This Python script reads data from the given filename and stores it into dictionaries with model names being keys while feature values are lists of corresponding elements stored under
19799: A simple dictionary with "key":value pair. The key is 'OK' and the value of that particular entry in string format, which means it
19800: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19801: This Python script calculates the area of an irregular polygon using its vertices as coordinates on Cartesian plane, and then returns absolute value half difference between two
19802: Copies the dictionary 'override' into another one named "default" using Python syntax with an if condition to check whether each key exists within both
19803: This function checks whether the string ends with either "." and "-" characters, returning true only when it's not ending in these two types of
19804: This Python script counts the number occurrences from 'whatToCount' into each element within list. The result is then printed out along with an
19805: This function scales the given value between two extremes. It's an inverse of min/scale, where it maps values from one range to another
19806: Checks the validity of input data. If any element is invalid it returns false and otherwise true after checking all elements are validated properly by function body
19807: If the variable 'value' is an empty string return {} and format it with name.  Otherwise just keep as normal operation of returning original data in
19808: This function checks whether the input 'is an integer' OR it has exactly 3 elements of type "int" AND these are either equal to zero
19809: This line of the program calculates 'delta' based on whether or not condition is true, and assigns it to an appropriate value in case that
19810: This function calculates the perceived brightness of an RGB color based on human perception, using specific formulae provided by WCAG 3 colors standard and
19811: This Python function converts the input string to "strike" or strike through format. It does so by replacing each character with that same characters repeated
19812: This Python function takes an input string and returns the encrypted version of it. The encryption is done by shifting each character's ASCII value two steps
19813: This Python function returns the dictionary representation of an object. The returned dict includes all properties and their corresponding values from 'task' reference provided as input parameter
19814: This Python function calculates the dot product of two vectors. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply corresponding elements from v1 and 3
19815: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the values 'i' and/or "j" are equal to each other,
19816: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19817: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will return any one that comes first in
19818: This Python script uses regular expressions to check if the input URL matches one of several image file extensions (.JPG,.PNG . JPEF ,
19819: This Python script iterates over the "Category", converting each category from its current form to an equivalent one based on 'mapping' dictionary. The mapping
19820: This Python function checks if the last element of each sublist is equal to its corresponding first one. If not, it returns 'False'. Otherwise -
19821: Code is returning the value of variable 'val' in Python. The function takes two parameters, checks if they are equal and returns their sum or difference
19822: This Python function is used to find all the unique qubit nodes present within given networkx Graph object 'graph'. The resultant list of these un
19823: Code generates list of rows from proc data with some manipulations on each element and then stores the result back into variable "res".  It also handles
19824: This line of the program copies an existing list and sorts it based on "price in euro".  The sorting is done by using Python'
19825: This Python script converts the list of numbers into tab separated strings. The output is then joined with newline character to form one long string which can
19826: This Python script attempts to get the volume of an audio mixer using ALSA, and returns it as integer if successful; otherwise return zero in case
19827: This function returns the name of an aggregation operation in SQL. It takes two parameters, table and column which are used to formulate aggregate operations on
19828: If the input 'object' `is` of type tuple or sets then flattern it. Else return as given without modification and also handle other
19829: Generates an initial condition string with the number and lifetime values from given lists, formatted as per problem statement's requirements – "global_
19830: This python script performs bitwise operations on integers. It shifts the bits of an integer to right, and checks whether each individual binary digit is set or
19831: This function checks whether the current row should be displayed based on its position and size. If it's not supposed to appear in that particular moment due
19832: This Python function takes in two parameters and checks if they are both nonnegative numbers; then it calculates the logarithm of these values using natural logs
19833: This function calculates the fractional part of 0.3 divided by its sum, multiplied with 'mult'. The result is then returned as
19834: If the lines are vertical or horizontal and have different start points then they can be considered as intersecting. Otherwise their intersection point is determined by comparing corresponding
19835: If the variable 'cp' does not exist, return value of ‘None’. Else it returns its current state/value which can be
19836: This Python function takes an input 'Path' and returns the formatted string based on its type of data it receives as argument ('str'). If not given
19837: If the entry contains 'mail' or ‘uid’, return its value from index [0], else append @pdxtechschools dot
19838: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is less than two, it returns one; otherwise return "Input"
19839: This is an infinite loop that continues until the condition "stop" becomes false. It increments or decrement by 'step' each time and yields
19840: This function takes two arguments x and dx. It returns the new position after moving in both directions on an axis by changing values of '(pos)'
19841: If the 'Required' attribute is present, return that value; otherwise check whether any of its associated validation rules are met and then either returns true/
19842: This function returns True if the filename ends with one of several image extensions, False otherwise."""  # noqa E9641; line
19843: This Python function takes two inputs, converts them to floats and performs division. If the second input is zero it returns '0'. In case
19844: This Python function takes in the string representation of an Entrez Gene ID and returns only its family name from one or more Familiae Perl
19845: This Python function calculates the maximum radiation value that can be sustained by an object with given energy transfer rate and initial radiant intensity, which is limited
19846: This Python script attempts to read the content of an input filename and return it if successful; otherwise returns empty string in case any error occurs during reading process
19847: If the key 'uuid' is present, it replaces its value with that of another object. Then deletes itself from original dictionary to free up
19848: This function converts the input value to string.  It's used in various places where we need strings as output, such us data analysis or
19849: Check if two lists are identical. If not, return false; otherwise true – Code Summary - Python Programming Language by Example Solutions on GitHub
19850: This Python function checks whether the input number 'n' is zero. If it isn’t zeroth then returns double of that value else return
19851: This Python function checks whether the input number is divisible by four. If it's not, then adds to make up with an extra of "
19852: This line of the given Python function checks if 'return' is equal to string value. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None
19853: This function returns the value associated with each possible 's' in an input string, where s is one of ['a', '', ...] and its
19854: This Python function checks whether the input dictionary is empty or not and returns an new one with all pairs from given list of 'keys' mapped to their
19855: This Python function takes two colors as input and returns the average of their reds/blues or greens. The result is rounded to one decimal
19856: This Python function checks the conditions and returns an appropriate value. If all three are true, it means that there is no line to draw between two points
19857: This function takes in the name of an object as input and replaces all dots with underscores. It then returns 'Class' followed by whatever
19858: This function takes an arbitrary number of keyword arguments and replaces them with the corresponding values from another dictionary if they exist as keys, using alias names to
19859: This function calculates the energy of an object by multiplying its mass and gravity. The result is then returned as "gv_energy".
19860: This python program implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. It uses while loop and modulo operation in order not only finding out
19861: This script is used to find the two most common elements from an input dictionary and remove them along with their counts using Python's builtin functions like
19862: Code converts the given 'base' to its rounded equivalent. If "round" is not defined in Python then define it as per your requirements and
19863: This line of the function returns new coordinates after applying some translations. The first element in both lists is added to get x coordinate, and second one
19864: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses list comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays/lists and then stores them
19865: Code is used to calculate the area of an equilateral triangle. The function takes two parameters - side length and height, which are both required in
19866: This function checks if the given coordinates fall within an existing rectangle.  The left, top points of that rectangles are defined by 'point' parameters
19867: If the input 'is instance of' dictionary then return it as such else try to convert and wrap in another format like "{'amout':float
19868: This Python function calculates the horizontal and vertical position of an object based on commands given. The command is represented as two elements, one being string indicating
19869: This Python script reverses the bits of an input string. It does so by converting each character to its binary representation, then flipping every bit and
19870: This Python function converts the input "Field Key Name", if it's not already in lowercase and replaces all spaces with underscores
19871: This script checks the type of each value within an iterable object. If it's not equal to 'flag', then return False, otherwise True
19872: This function checks the GO term and returns its class based on it. It also handles obo terms by returning 'O' when not found or an
19873: Code description and usage. 1 line per function/method or feature of your program that provides an overview about what it does with its input(s
19874: This line of the Python function returns an offset value based on current pagination parameters. It calculates by multiplying 'pages' with and adding to
19875: This Python script reverses the order of elements within each sublist. The 'for' loop iterates over all items, and on every iteration it
19876: This Python function checks if the number is prime. It calculates 'a' to be equal with itself raised by two, then it takes modulo
19877: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
19878: This function calculates the sum of two lists, with each list having 3 elements. The first element in both arrays is added together and then multi
19879: If the list is not empty, check last element. Return true only when it's 0; otherwise return false or do nothing in case of
19880: This Python function converts an integer to Roman numerals. It first divides the number by ten, then finds out what remainder is left after division
19881: This function calculates the interpolation value between two given values. It's an example of linear regression calculation, where we are trying to predict or
19882: This Python function checks whether the 'LOD' key exists within an object. If it does, returns "[LOD#]" followed by LOW
19883: This function checks if the given CNAME record ends with either ".", domain name, and is equal to that particular DNS Zone Name; otherwise it returns
19884: This script parses the 'movies.json', extracts and stores information about movies with their respective categories of wins or nominations along side each
19885: Throws an error when the forecasters set size or number of options is not within valid range. The ranges are from one to twenty six,
19886: This function calculates the ratio of sunlight hours over nighttime in relation with total energy received from an electrical outlet, given that it's possible and
19887: This Python script checks if an input URL starts with `https` or ends directly after it is prefixed by either “/” character and then
19888: If the input string is longer than 1023 characters, truncates it to first ten thousand letters. Else leaves as original in case
19889: This line of the given Python script returns an array where each element is either 'one' or zero depending on whether its corresponding prediction probability label meets some
19890: This Python function transforms the input string by replacing certain letters with other characters. The mapping is done using dictionary "replace". If any character from original
19891: This function returns the button type and category as string.  The output is in format of 'ButtonType;Category'. It takes two parameters, one
19892: Computes and returns how many times an object is rotated around its axis in relation to another given by user input.""" (END CODE
19893: This function checks the validity of input parameters. If any parameter is less than or equal to zero, it returns false; otherwise true and also handles invalid
19894: This function takes the number of 'second' as input and returns it in formated string. It converts all units to minute first then hour before
19895: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' terms. It uses an iterative approach and has O() time
19896: This line of the Python function checks if 'a' is within range [low,high] inclusive. If it isn’t then returns False;
19897: This script reads the file, removes trailing commas and returns an array of cleaned up strings.  It uses list comprehension to achieve that goal
19898: "A simple script to process cookies" 	}""") # noqa E134, F8P_FULLNAME is not
19899: This function returns the first element of an array and its value. It's like returning one line version to get both values at once in Python or
19900: This function finds the position of an anchor in string 's' and returns its value multiplied by "base". If it doesn’t find any
19901: This line of the given Python script returns an indexed list based on input sentence and dictionary 'words'. It splits each character into individual ones,
19902: This line of Python script returns the second to last element in list 'h'.  It's similar but not exactly equivalent. The difference is that
19903: This Python script is used to find the corresponding ISO 3167 two letter abbreviation of an inputted string, if it exists within our
19904: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each of the input data's 'rows'. For every unique value found at index -
19905: This Python script converts an array of unsigned integers to their corresponding ASCII characters. The function `UInt4tochar` is used, which
19906: This function checks if the input persald number has at least one character. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false and stops execution of further
19907: This line of Python script checks whether the given time is 'zero' and, If it isn’t zeroed out then appends an extra
19908: If the value of 'k' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases but can be used to
19909: This line of the Python script replaces all newline characters in 'base' with HTML br tag to make it compatible on web pages using Jin
19910: Creates dictionary with concept id and umm values.  Code is extracting the required information from an UMM data structure using Python's dict
19911: This function takes two parameters - 'First Name' and ‘Last name’. It returns an object with the given names as keys in it along
19912: If the number of loops is less than or equal to 0 then return file and its index. Otherwise it will format with current iteration details in parent
19913: This function checks if every character of the input string is present as an element within another list. If not, it returns False; otherwise True –
19914: This function converts an index into its packed form. If the input is not within range of valid indices then it raises and exception with appropriate error message
19915: This Python function generates and returns an array of strings that are the same length as 'end_range' but filled with characters equal to one ('*
19916: This Python function is used to set the dataset name based on whether it's an invite or event. If 'inventory', then sets as
19917: This function calculates the start and end indices of windows in an array. The size/length or 'width' is determined by variable "half\_
19918: This Python function finds the maximum value from an iterable of functions. The initial 'maximum' is set to negative infinity and then it updates with
19919: This Python function splits the input string 'S' into chunks of size ‘N’ and returns them as list in reverse order using slic
19920: This Python function is used as an example of list comprehension. It either adds the distances or weights from two lists, depending on whether `distso
19921: This Python function converts the time in hours, minutes and seconds into decimal form which is easier to work with when dealing directly on these values or used
19922: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit. It takes in one parameter, 't', and returns the result of
19923: This line of the Python function returns True if x is positive, and False otherwise by using an expression that checks whether `(x>0)`
19924: This script tokenizes the input text into individual unique tokens. It also counts how many times each of these "unique" or 'distinct' elements
19925: This line of the Python script calculates and assigns to 'middle' variable, depending on whether number points in list is even or odd. If
19926: This Python function splits the input string into four parts based on periods ('..'). It then joins these strings together in reverse order to form new ones
19927: This function checks if the number is within range. It returns true when it's between lower and upper limit, else false or None – Code
19928: This script adds several examples to the documentation. It is used by SAGE, an open source computer algebra system that provides many features and functionalities like
19929: This Python function calculates the product of two densities with respect to their respective cumulative distribution functions. The first part is calculated by multiplying 'density
19930: This function calculates the value of an expression using recursion. The base case is when 'x' equals to one, and in that scenario it
19931: This Python script attempts to read an inputted filename from the user and attempt opening that .txt or other text files in your current directory with it'
19932: This function takes two arguments, 'a' and ‘b’. It returns the result of shifting right by `(31 - log_
19933: This function takes in the number of seconds as an input, and returns four values representing time units. The first value is hours from days; second one
19934: This Python script takes two arguments - 'Runtime' and an optional argument named as Environment. If the second parameter isn’t provided then it generates default
19935: This Python script parses the given list of endpoint strings into tuples, where each tuple contains two elements - an IP address and its port number
19936: This line of Python script creates an identical copy to 'log' but removes all keys from the copied dictionary that are also present as key values on both
19937: If the robot at given 'game' dictionary key "robts", return its value, else it returns none.  This is an example of using
19938: This is the simplest possible program that prints "Hello, world" to stdout. It does not take any arguments and returns an integer value of zero
19939: This Python function calculates the output of an algorithm based on input parameters. The inputs are stored in 'y' and outputs include four values calculated using
19940: This Python script uses regular expressions to search the given string in different ways, looking specifically at selectors that might be used with Selenium WebDriver
19941: Creates an image absolute value.  The function takes in two parameters, the first is 'imag', which should be of type String and second parameter
19942: Prints message if arguments 'a' & ‘b’ match. If not matches then it returns false with an additional argument of value as per
19943: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an absolute difference between two values. The first value is subtracted from another, then that resultant
19944: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19945: This function calculates the ratio of two given numbers.  The denominator is always greater than or equal to that in which one number appears, and
19946: Returns the IRI of an object.  The function is used to get unique identifiers in RDF data structures, which are often required when working
19947: This Python function takes as input an array of integers and returns another list where each element is the summation from 0 to that index, ie
19948: This function checks if the organization name of an SSL certificate is present within one or more specified organizations. If it finds such match, then returns True;
19949: This Python script creates and fills an array with the results of multiplying two matrices. The outer loop iterates over rows, while inner loops do so
19950: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
19951: This is an example of Python dictionary. It's used to store key value pairs and allows fast access time O(1). The first two keys
19952: This Python function returns either '1' or '-'. It checks whether the input value of "x" is greater than zero, and then it will
19953: Creates an empty dictionary and adds the argument "– ui_Language" with its value being set to 'locale'. The function then returns that created
19954: If the input 'Data' isn’t of type dictionary then return it as such otherwise convert all keys and values to string before returning them wrapped with
19955: Checks whether the document contains an entry named "devicetype" or not. If it does, returns true; otherwise false – Code
19956: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19957: This function multiplies the value by its reciprocal and rounds it to nearest integer. The result is then returned as output of given name "result
19958: This function takes in the position of an object and returns its row/column index on our 3D Grid as integers using Python's builtin
19959: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point value and returns it if possible; otherwise return its string representation as key from dictionary
19960: This function checks whether the given 'data' is of type password. If it isn’t, then returns false; otherwise return true or value from
19961: This Python function calculates the orientation of three points in relation to each other. It uses cross product and checks if it's positive, negative or
19962: This function returns the first record of type A from an input dictionary. If no such records exist, it will default to returning 'None'. 1
19963: This line of the script is fetching synonymous names from an IndexedDict object using 'index' as key and getting their values in form
19964: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs with 'steps' that can be taken in one step, two steps or three. The total
19965: This function takes the prefix of parameters and returns only those with that specific parameter name as their key from dictionary 'lda' pipeline params'.  It
19966: This line of Python script returns the string "%{}{}%" where {} is replaced by keyword.  The format() function in python replaces {}.
19967: This Python script is used to extract the required information from an API response and store it into 'result' list which can be further processed or utilized as
19968: This Python function checks whether the input `"something"(str type)' starts with an opening parenthesis (' ) ‘and’ ends in closing one
19969: This line of the program assigns values from two different boxes to variables.  The first pair is assigned in order and then another set follows with an
19970: This function returns the string formatted as prefix and CIM name.  The format is \"<Prefix>_{CImName}.\"" where Pref
19971: This line of the given Python script calculates and stores in 's' variable, which is length/counting all elements present within allowableset
19972: This function checks if the input value belongs to either an integer or floating point number. If it does then returns 'integer', otherwise return'text'.
19973: This function returns the constant value of one in Python, which is equivalent to Java's double literal 'one'. It does not take any arguments and
19974: This function calculates the margin of error in depth between two approximations. The formula is ((Approximation Depth(in cm)-Real
19975: This Python function returns the character A when given an input of 'faction' as autobot, and D otherwise.  It uses conditional statements
19976: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on speed and returns it as output, which is then stored in variable 'c'. The coefficients
19977: This function checks whether the player is standing on either of two objects, 'touching' them. If they are both true it returns "True",
19978: This Python function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It converts it to string and then reverses that, compares with
19979: This python script generates the frequency of each possible substring/KMER from an input sequence, and returns all unique Kmers as keys with their
19980: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
19981: If the URL does NOT start with 'https', it prepends an HTTP to make sure that is true, and returns or prints out/returns
19982: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
19983: This Python script reads CSV data, converts it to string format and adds the timelines. It then returns all lines as one long list separated
19984: This Python function calculates the difference between two RGB colors. It takes as input 6 values representing each color's intensity, and returns an integer
19985: This function takes in four parameters and returns the result of applying some transformation to them. The first two are strings; they represent an input "tag"
19986: If 'y' is not zero it returns the value of "x" and decrements by one. Otherwise return none; else statement does nothing but
19987: This Python function checks the existence of certain keys ("repository name", or URL, etc.) within an input dictionary and returns their corresponding values based on some
19988: If the first number is greater than both, return that. Else check second one; it's also more or less true but with different conditions
19989: This Python function takes two lists as input, creates an intersection of the elements present only within both sets. It then returns another sorted version with unique values
19990: Returns the correlation id, structures and columns from an object.  The "failed" field is not used in our current implementation but could be useful if
19991: Returns the details of an existing Job with given id.  The response is in JSON format and includes 'Job ID' as well detailing some other
19992: This program reads lines of text and calculates the syntax error character points. It uses dictionaries to map opening characters with their corresponding closing ones as well
19993: If the 'refresh token' exists, return it as being SET. Otherwise - NOT BEING STORED or UNSET in terms of data
19994: This Python script generates CSV file with the list of alias. Each line represents an individual's name, and each word is separated by commas
19995: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of an array 'Q' based on whether it is limited to either all positive or negative numbers.
19996: This Python function takes an input 'l' and returns the same output as if it were run on another line of python script with different values assigned to
19997: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
19998: This line of Python script uses ANSI escape codes to change the color and style. The "text", which is passed as an argument, will
19999: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list. The keys of each subdictionary are unique PGFAMs
20000: This Python function takes as input an RNA sequence, and returns the corresponding DNA transcript. It uses dictionary mapping to reverse transcribe sequences from their
20001: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'm' where each value is of length ‘one’ using only
20002: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'pool' of IP addresses and adds each one to another dictionary with its network
20003: This Python function joins the lines of input string 'txt' with an empty space ('\\t') and removes leading whitespace from each joined element,
20004: “Returns the object id as locked”.  ```python ```"The output will be 'Lock'+the unique ID of an instance
20005: This Python function subtracts the elements of list 'B' from corresponding indexed element at same position on another array. The result is returned as
20006: This Python function calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The length and type/content are assumed to be known beforehand,
20007: Returns the string 'Loading...' and boolean value false. This function is used to indicate that an operation has started, but it doesn’t actually
20008: If the string is empty, it returns that same value.  This handles edge cases where an input might be missing or null and simply doesn't
20009: This function calculates the value of an item based on its percentage and returns it with some additional processing to handle rounding errors due decimal places in floating
20010: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
20011: This function checks if there are non-"None" values present within the 'advanced' list. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or
20012: Returns the value of "rig" in dictionary 'msg'. If it doesn't exist, returns None. 1/3rd line is missing
20013: This function checks if the given data is of type 'twitter' and returns it. If not, an error message will be returned stating that no such
20014: If the variable 'X' weight isn’t defined, return an empty list. Else check whether there are any weights assigned to X;
20015: This Python function takes an integer as input, checks whether it is between 1 to the last letter of alphabet in ASCII. If yes then
20016: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each 'dataline' from the input data, checking if any of them contain "
20017: This Python function calculates the sum of elements where each element is calculated as d^((n - 3)/4), n being an index.
20018: This Python function tries to return the product of base and quantity from an input dictionary. If key is not found, it returns zero instead which indicates that
20019: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20020: Returns whether the current device supports ESignature.  This is used to determine if an app can handle encrypted signatures or not, which are required by some
20021: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the elements of another iterable. The result is that we have created one single new element
20022: If the lengths of 'token' lists are not equal then return difference between length and actual token count from second list. Else compare conditions present on
20023: This function takes two 6D vectors and returns their dot product. The first element of each vector is multiplied by the second one in corresponding order
20024: This Python function checks the type of `cell_value` and performs different actions based on its value or data types it contains in order to handle various
20025: This line of the Python function checks if 'actual' is equal to another value, but it does so by using subtraction. If they are un
20026: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
20027: This line of the given Python script is returning an option from dictionary "options" with key 'opt'. The value associated to that particular opt in our
20028: This Python function counts the number of plus and minus signs present within an input list. It returns these two values as tuples with names "count
20029: If the 'close' price is equal to or lower than both of its lowest and highest prices, return zero. Otherwise calculate an indicator that shows how
20030: Returns the value of "navn" in dictionary object 'col' at index 1. This is done using Python and its builtin function to
20031: This function checks if the given list of attributes has exactly two unique elements.  It does so by converting each attribute to its set, which automatically removes
20032: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20033: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements present within 'bs' list. The variable "b" is used to iteratively access each element
20034: This Python function checks whether the input 'something' can be considered as an instance of type "list". If it does not meet these conditions then returns
20035: This line of Python script removes all occurrences 'num' from the list. The new length is returned as output, which can be used to
20036: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two integers. The first one is the address part of that number while second value represents register portion in
20037: Returns an array name based on the input parameters. If 'Base' is passed, it returns “One base Array” followed by message and unit
20038: This function takes the execution duration of an operation in milliseconds as input and returns one outof three color options - green, yellow or red.
20039: This function calculates the Z score, which is used in many statistical analysis. The formula given here returns value minus mean and then divided by standard deviation
20040: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
20041: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20042: This Python script creates an object that stores the current 'state' of different layers and modes within it as attributes with names corresponding to their keys ("layers
20043: This line of the program splits an input string into its components, then assigns to `new\_ex` and finally joins them back together with
20044: If the variable 'resul' equals to ten hundred return string value of that. Else calculate and returns rounded off number with one decimal place in
20045: This Python function checks if two strings are the same length, and then compares them. If they're equal in both lengths but not identical at
20046: This function checks if the given string does NOT start or end with ' //' comment syntax in Python, ie., it is neither starting nor ending
20047: Generates word list file with the name of current script and count.  The extension is .tmp, used to store temporary data during processing or debug
20048: This Python script filters out the matches from 'tests' that are present within another collection of strings stored as elements at index 1 ('negatives')
20049: This script reads the CSV file and extracts all unique header names from it, which are then stored into an array named 'csvfieldnames
20050: This function calculates the number of bins and their dimensions based on minimum m/Z value ('min'), maximum M/'s 'M',and
20051: This function returns the input string surrounded by two tildes.  It's called 'fancy_quote'.   The purpose of it is
20052: This function takes the last part of an input string after splitting it by "." and checks if that result is equal to .gnz, which represents
20053: If the given parameters are invalid, return 'X'. Otherwise determine whether to classify as L(ow), M and H respectively. The classification depends
20054: This Python function takes an input string 'msg' and returns the same message repeated twice. The number of rows is equal to that size plus two extra
20055: This python function counts the number of set bits at positions from right to left. It uses binary shift and masking operations, which are common techniques used
20056: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the keys of 'scores' to calculate each line’s data based on its key
20057: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' condition returns boolean or not. If it does then assigns that value to "Pl
20058: This Python function generates the closest integer to N that is less than or equal, and greater by one. It uses bitwise operations in python which are
20059: A Python dictionary is created with the key "team" and its value as another python dict. The keys are 'name' & avghight'.
20060: This line of Python script splits the string "facilityIdString" into list using comma as separator and assigns it to 'Facilit
20061: This Python function converts an integer to binary. It does so by repeatedly dividing the number and taking its remainder, then appending that remainer
20062: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20063: This Python function takes an integer as input and converts it into its IPv4 address format. The result is returned in string form with the '.'
20064: This Python function checks if the given number is prime by repeatedly multiplying it with itself and taking its remainder when divided into another variable. If at any
20065: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between four points in 3D space using numpy and returns it as sqrt of summation result
20066: If the input parameter 'lst' isn’t of type "list", it raises an error. “The function checks whether lst has
20067: Attempt to fetch the "appId" field from dictionary 'form'. If it doesn't exist, return `None`.  Otherwise returns
20068: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation defined by two points. The result is returned as 'delta/x'.  It's important
20069: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using an iterative approach. It takes two parameters - 'current' and ‘previous
20070: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an average value based on three inputs, sim is similarity score between two strings; siz represents string
20071: This line of Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns the value "text" to it. The variable 'return' is then used as if
20072: This function checks if the "message" dictionary contains keys 'X' & ‘Y’ with values that are both integers or floats; otherwise
20073: If the input is not valid then return original color. Else apply brightness and contrast adjustment to RGB values; otherwise adjust red green blue channels according with
20074: This function returns the data of an existing Python method. The returned object is in dictionary format with keys as 'return type', ‘method’ and
20075: This function checks if the number is prime. It returns true when it finds any divisor of that particular value and false otherwise or not found at all
20076: This Python function attempts to return the second element of an acquired string by splitting it at each '/' character. If no such 'character'/element exists
20077: Checks whether the input JSON term has required keys. If it does then returns true else false; otherwise return error message 'Invalid Input'.  Code
20078: This line of Python function returns the integer part when n is divided by three. It's equivalent to rounding down, as in standard division operations
20079: This Python script calculates the multiplicative inverse of two numbers. It uses Euclidean algorithm to find gcd and then finds its modular inverses
20080: If the given object is not an instance of 'Interface', it returns "nothing".  This line checks to see whether or no there's any
20081: This Python function checks whether the input value is less than zero. If it's not, an error message will raise; otherwise return that same number
20082: This function checks whether the player's moves are valid and returns false otherwise; it also prints an error message when invalid input type/format has been
20083: This function calculates the factorial of an inputted integer using Python. It uses tail call optimization to optimize memory usage and avoids creating new stack
20084: This line of the Python function calculates and returns pw^(power+one)-minus one. The power is raised to itself, then subt
20085: This line of the given Python script is fetching and storing in 'item' dictionary, "videoId", title from snippets key. It
20086: Code generates an informative string about user interaction with system, including their name and results of specific activity/quizzes they've performed in relation on
20087: This Python function calculates the similarity between two lists by counting how many elements are present both within one list and another, then dividing that count with
20088: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such arrays, it will choose among them based on their length
20089: This Python function generates an array of ones with length 'N' and then iterates over the input list. If current rating is greater than previous one
20090: If the variable 'space_na' is equal to “FrontPage”, return true. Otherwise it returns false or nothing depending on what
20091: This function converts the input temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using an equation of conversion, then rounds it off with Python'
20092: This Python function generates the list of names except 'Last' from an inputted array. It then joins these elements with commas, adds them to
20093: This script generates two queries based on the input list of column names. The first query starts with one single value from all given colums, and ends
20094: This line of Python script filters the list 'data' based on an attribute and its value to get only those elements where that specific key is present within
20095: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on some input parameters. The calculation involves normalizing 'beta' with respect to its mean
20096: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
20097: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an object mass, which is 0 if any input parameter(s), such as 'F
20098: This function checks if the start and stop times of two intervals overlap. If they do not overlay then it returns False else True – based on
20099: This Python function checks if the status of an API call is one or both values from '['Success', ‘failed’].' If it exists
20100: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be an integer. If it isn’t then raises exception "Invalid For Negative Integers
20101: This function calculates the heat transfer coefficient, which is used in thermal conduction. The equation uses an exponential decay model to calculate it based on temperature
20102: This function increments the appropriate version number based on 'bump_ty' parameter. It returns updated tuple of three elements in form [version,
20103: This Python script splits the URL into its components, extracting and returning 'secret' parameter from it using url parsing library of python 3
20104: This function checks whether the input 'dms' string can be parsed as an angle measurement with decimal degrees and minutes of arcseconds using Python’s
20105: This Python script checks the URL of an inputted text and determines which platform it originates from based on its domain name, returning 'None' or
20106: This Python function is used to determine the number of steps required in an array based on certain conditions. The input actions are represented as integers where 'left
20107: This line of the Python script returns all characters after 'filename' in string format. It is used to remove "./" from beginning and get only
20108: This python script sorts an array of arrays by the second element. The elements are swapped if they're not sorted correctly, and then it returns
20109: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'sources' object and appends each name to it if available; otherwise defaulting
20110: This script is searching through the list of patient records to find those who have kidneys left on treatment with some remaining duration after being given medication or surgery
20111: This function calculates the similarity between two numbers using their difference and sum, then squares that result to get rid of negative values in case one or both
20112: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns halfway between positive accuracy '+' negative accuacy.  It is used to calculate
20113: Generates the URL to download BiC on BioConductors website using biocrutor version and specific packages's name in tarball format
20114: This line of the program calculates and returns how much has changed between two consecutive emojis. It's used to determine if there is an
20115: Attempt to access the value of 'record' with key named by variable test, if it exists; otherwise print an error message and return blank space
20116: If the string contains ':', return an HTTPS link to Bibliothèque Théorique de Haiti with id as parameter
20117: If the first character of an idenifier is "t", return attribute ‘attr1’, else it returns attribu‌​
20118: This Python function returns three lists of the same length. The first list is filled with False values and has one element in it which will always be True
20119: If either of the numbers is zero it returns one; otherwise return both values multiplied together when they are equal and their factorial difference between them respectively
20120: This Python script attempts to read the first 1KB of file 'filename'. If it encounters any character outside ASCII printable characters within that
20121: This Python function counts the frequency of each value present within an array. It uses dictionary to store values and their frequencies, then returns it as output which
20122: This function returns the string "Hello, name".  It takes in one parameter 'Name' and prints out Hello followed by that person’s
20123: This Python function is used to filter empty strings from the given list of items and returns it as an output without any extra spaces or characters between them,
20124: This Python function takes an input string of the format 'HH::MM' and converts it into hours since midnight using 1 hour = 6 minutes
20125: This function converts all the letters in text to their corresponding emoji representation. It uses regular expressions and string manipulation functions from R language,
20126: This Python script is designed to extract the default sample rate from an audio device and return it in JSON format. The output will be something like {'channel
20127: “A script that creates dictionaries with keys as mentioned in problem statement”   Prove it works by running tests on your function using different inputs
20128: This Python function checks the first two characters of an input string and returns one character based on it, or else return empty strings in other cases –
20129: The function calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two sequences. It checks if both input lists have same length and raises an error otherwise."""  Code
20130: If the variable 'Depth' is greater than zero, it returns an empty string. Otherwise return four spaces multiplied by Depth minus two to create
20131: A function that converts an integer to its ASCII representation. The value is divided by ten and the remainder, which corresponds with one of two possible
20132: This Python function takes in the string representation of an OS's major and minor versions as input; if it is less than 1 or more that
20133: This function returns the learning rate and regularization parameters based on which machine type is being used in an MAML or FOMMAL algorithm training
20134: If either of the input lists are not provided it returns 'None'. Otherwise generates two sets from their respective files and finds out which file names exist within
20135: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20136: This Python function attempts to extract the spatial reference identifier from an object'd metadata dictionary and returns it if found; otherwise prints error message with invalid S
20137: If the price is more than $$$$, return discount of $$%. Otherwise apply standard rate to calculate total cost with no discounts applied."
20138: This function calculates the speed of an object in km/h by multiplying its mass and velocity, then dividing it into hours to get kil
20139: If the first parameter 'direction' of function `doSomething` in module named ‘module’, it will return true or false. Otherwise returns
20140: This function is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence. It returns 'zero' when given zero, and it also handles one by returning
20141: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it contains the character '.' and splits on that to get its tier ids; otherwise
20142: This line of Python script returns the result from dividing two variables. If one or both are not defined, it will raise an error message "Error
20143: This Python script calculates the precision and recall of an algorithm. The input is two lists - one with actual values 'counts' which represent true
20144: This function takes an input variable and converts it into either string or lists depending on its type in Python 3+ using exception handling mechanism with try
20145: This function takes an input string and returns the first word of that sentence. (Note, it assumes all sentences are separated by full stops.)
20146: This script loops over all data sets found within the database. For each dataset it checks whether there are parameters defined and then removes any parameter that is un
20147: This Python function takes as input an 3D list of tuples and returns the minimum/ maximum values along each dimension across all points within that
20148: This function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns six new list elements, each corresponding to the summation operation on pairs from both inputs. The
20149: This python script converts the input 'kernel type' to uppercase and maps it with its corresponding extensions if available in dictionary else returns an empty list
20150: This line of the program is splitting an input string into parts based on underscores. It then converts each part to its corresponding capitalized version
20151: This function checks whether the input 'object' has an instance of either List or Dictionary and returns it accordingly; If no such object exists then return none
20152: A function that returns the file and line number of its invocation.  It's used in logging to keep track where an operation is performed from
20153: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output, but with all nonalphabetical characters removed. It uses Python's builtin
20154: This function returns the appropriate GLSL uniform variable type based on how many dimensions your given 'texture' object has. It takes two parameters, one
20155: This function checks if the input list 's' has exactly 3 elements of length four. It also verifies that each element is indeed an instance
20156: This Python script converts the input string to lowercase using list comprehension and then joins it back into one single line of output as per your request
20157: This line of Python script filters out the eye tracking channels that are not either Eyelink or EyeSee technology from list 'eo' using
20158: This Python function splits the input string by underscore and then joins all of them with first letter capitalized followed directly after that, converting it to
20159: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area as float value
20160: If the variable 'Name' is equal to string value of `Target`, then replace underscores in Name with dashes and return it as
20161: This line of the Python script checks whether an input color is one that can be represented by ASCII characters. If it's true, then return
20162: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the numbers 0 to 'k' using looping constructs from python programming language as
20163: This Python function takes an input in the format "messageID-" and splits it into two parts - 'seconds' & ‘number’ which
20164: Return Immutability Status, LoadBalanceID & ClusterState. Code returns JSON response with message about the load balancing id's current
20165: Code to split the string into an array of substrings based on delimiter, in Python"  # noqa E9641
20166: This Python function checks whether the given element is present as either 'network.element' or one of its subclasses, and returns it based on which
20167: This function checks the first character of an input string, and returns different strings based on whether it's "-". If so - adds 'prefix',
20168: This Python function returns the four values calculated by multiplying an input number with itself three times and then subtracting twice. The first value is simply returned
20169: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'dataset' starting from index 3. The result is sliced off two items at start
20170: This Python function generates the URL and target name of an external dataset file based on input parameters 'dta' type which is assumed to be one among
20171: This Python function sums the values from 'weights' map and divides each value by it to normalize them, if they are less than or
20172: This Python script splits the input string into values, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each one of them using list comprehension with an additional
20173: This Python script cleans the given string by removing leading and trailing whitespace from each individual word, effectively stripping out any unnecessary white space between sentences
20174: This Python function checks whether the value of 's' is less than zero. If it does not meet that condition then set its new values to be
20175: If the given 'file' is smaller than or equal to one tera byte, return value of "one". Else check next condition. For
20176: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting one value from another, then dividing that difference
20177: This function returns the first, second and third elements of tuple '(a)' in Python.  It's similar to unpacking but with more
20178: This script reads all PDF files from the list and extracts their content into separate lines of lists using Python' builtin functions to read each line separately
20179: This line of the program is shifting bits to left by 'place' places. The number ‘shift’ in each iteration represents how many times we
20180: If vectors v1 and/or vector ‘’ are not of equal lengths, raise an error. Otherwise continue with computation as normal in your program
20181: This Python function splits the input URLs into two separate variables based on comma delimiter in list of strings format using split() method and returns
20182: This line of Python script returns the result rounded to 1 decimal place. It performs division and then rounds off, which is equivalent in mathematical terms as
20183: This Python function takes in an input 'x' and converts it to float type. Then returns the average of these numbers by dividing them with
20184: If the value of 'sort_metod' is equal to one, then divide by ten. This operation will assign half or quarter values in an
20185: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'es' coordinate data and appends each pair of coordinates to create new lists with
20186: This Python function takes two lists as input, removes duplicates from each of the inputs using sets and then calcula... 0.67 or
20187: This Python function determines the electronic configuration based on its parameters. It takes two inputs, `spi`n_multiplicities' which is an
20188: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'entities' object and appends each text property of these objects to our new
20189: This Python function attempts to convert the string S into an integer. If successful, it returns that value; otherwise if there's any error during conversion
20190: This line of the Python script checks if one string is equal to another, but in different order. If either condition holds true it returns True; otherwise
20191: This function returns the difference between two lists. It does so by converting each list to its own unique element, then subtracting one from another using Python
20192: If the length of user's input is more than one character, calculate coverage; otherwise return default value plus ten percent as an additional bonus point to
20193: This function returns the first dictionary it encounters that has "ref" key equal to provided reference. If no such dictionaries are found, then return
20194: This Python script calculates the pixel coordinates in terms of subpixels. The number 'factor' is used to scale up or down an input
20195: This Python script converts the input string into an array of floats, where each float is obtained by splitting and converting one byte from 16
20196: This Python function returns the appropriate border class based on an input string. If no match is found, it defaults to 'None'.  The conditions are
20197: If the value of 'x' is greater than or equal to 0, return its original weights. Otherwise (-1)*weights are returned as
20198: This Python function converts the input string s into an integer array where every second character is converted to its hexadecimal equivalent and all other characters
20199: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an output based on two input signals, 'signature 0' ('sig_zero')
20200: This Python script is used to filter out the object names that end with "/". The filtered list of these "object_names", which are stored as
20201: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by subtracting from 'span' index ‘zero
20202: Average reward over episodes. 1 episode is defined as the number of steps in an environment's life cycle, which can be adjusted according to
20203: This line of the given Python script returns all values from 'subtitle' key within each dictionary entry.  It is using list comprehension to achieve
20204: This function calculates the reference time in seconds by subtracting from total samples. It takes into account that one sample is not included at both ends of
20205: Generated binary representation of an integer. If the number is greater than specified limit then it returns as "too long". Otherwise - its one line description
20206: Checks if mount point exists within the disks attachments of an AWS EC2 Instance's metadata service response – returns True or False accordingly
20207: This Python function returns the transpose of an input matrix. It does so by iterating over each row and column, swapping their positions using list
20208: If the array is empty return an emtpy list. Otherwise find and returns maximum sum subarray from given input sequence of numbers using Kadane
20209: This python program calculates the quotient and remainder of an integer division. The while loop continues until 'b' is greater than or equal to
20210: Checks if the field starts with given string. Returns True or False based on result of comparison between two strings in Python language using builtin function '
20211: This Python script sorts the dictionary by its values and generates an output string with each line containing one pair of cutoff value from 'sorted' function
20212: This line of Python script is creating four variables and assigning them the values from another list. The order in which they are assigned follows an arbitrary pattern
20213: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two angles and then checks if it's greater than 94. If so, returns an angle
20214: This Python script counts the number of even numbers present within an input list. It does so by iterating over each element, checking if it'd
20215: This Python function checks whether the input 'param' object has been passed as dictionary and then converts it into another format where keys are prefixed with
20216: This Python script counts the number of exclamation marks in each line and then multiplies it by an estimated value based on whether or not more than
20217: This Python function splits the input OAI identifier into its constituent parts and returns one of them, if possible; otherwise it raises error with appropriate
20218: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' numbers. If "N" is less than or equal “
20219: Normalizes the given 'centered' or scaled down to 1. The formula is based on max and minimum values of data set, which are
20220: If the variable 'j' is not defined, it returns "nothing".  This means that there are no more elements to process. The function ends
20221: This line of the given Python script checks if 'key' is present as one among several possible keys. If it isn’t, then an error
20222: Make Django Migration Metric Name, keeping it concise and easy on hand."""  [END]```   This function takes as input
20223: This line of the script checks whether '/' is present within 'name'. If it does, then split('/') on that index and take only
20224: This line of the function checks if an object is within bounds on both axes. It does so by checking that 'x' value lies between
20225: This function checks if the given file name ends with '.ZIP'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that an error
20226: This function returns whether or not the derived dictionary contains one of several keys. The list is generated by concatenating all possible key names in alphabetical
20227: This function calculates the result of mass divided by three minus two. It's an example to show how functions work in Python and R programming languages
20228: This function calculates the squared error between current hospitalizations and predictions. It's used in regression analysis to evaluate how well our model is performing
20229: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem,
20230: Removes leading spaces and trailing whitespace from the string, then returns it as an astronomical star symbol (*).  If there is no
20231: If the 'results' dictionary has no keys or values at all -> return true; otherwise check whether there are any differences between these two dictionaries
20232: A dictionary is created with keys 'A', and values of zero. Then the value at key c in that Dictionary will be returned by using bracket
20233: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
20234: This line of the Python function checks if both variables 'i' &amp;lt;&#34;/&gt;" are within range [0
20235: This Python function calculates the output of an aircraft engine given its input parameters, beta and rudders in degrees respectively using equation 4 from "A
20236: This Python function checks whether the input 'temperature' can either contain multiple values as an integer/float type data point; If it does then converts
20237: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20238: This Python function takes in the initial state and an observed action, then returns new updated states based on that observation using one of three methods - popping
20239: If all four lists have only one element, return the average of those elements in parentheses; otherwise do nothin...–—>
20240: This function calculates the change in phi and th coordinates based on their respective xy values when run within an interactive environment like Jupyer note
20241: Adds two numbers and returns the result.  Code is written in Python language, using '+' operator to add together values of variables "A
20242: This Python script converts the output data from an API into dictionary format and joins lists of values with commas as per requirement using python' builtin
20243: This Python function splits the input string into lines, then each line is split by spaces to form individual elements of an array and finally joins all these
20244: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
20245: This function takes in two sets of four coordinates representing rectangles. It then calculates the intersection rectangle's dimensions by finding its maximum x coordinate values
20246: Code checks if the string starts with either 'Import' or ‘From’ and then verifies that it doesn not contain any dots in between.
20247: If the input is of type 'list', it will return its elements as one long sequence. Else when inputs are integers/floats or strings
20248: Copies the configuration file and converts all non string keys to strings before deleting them from copied dictionary – This operation helps with preserving data integrity when
20249: This function returns an HTML string with the text passed as parameter wrapped in <table><tr> <td>  and  <\t /d > tags.
20250: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and the list of names. It returns all elements from that index to end if it exists; otherwise -
20251: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation. It uses the method of shifting and masking, which is similar in concept with converting decimal
20252: This function calculates the frequency of an element in pandas DataFrame. The result is rounded to 0 decimal places and converted into string with '
20253: This Python function returns the tokens within an array of nodes at given index 'idx' with size specified by two indices and it also handles out_of
20254: This function checks the navigation bar's state and returns one of three classes based on its value. If no navigational item has been selected,
20255: This script creates an energy distribution dictionary from the input data and calculates its minimum value as min Energy per unit mass density '*' delta to power
20256: This Python script splits the OID into its constituent parts and then joins them back together, but only keeps three most recent ones to keep it
20257: If the value of 'size' is less than 1, it will add or subtract from an initial negative number. The resultant output would
20258: This Python script splits the given 'Path' into its component parts and returns only first part of it as an output which is also known by name
20259: This Python function takes an "iterables" and returns the flattened list of its elements, similar to how lists are flatted out with nested
20260: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20261: This Python script splits the DNS name into parts and then extracts specific information from them such as cell or network identifier part of an IP address in
20262: This function takes in the list of faces and returns new lists with each element being another tuple. Each pair consists on two elements, one from original '
20263: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual "words" using space as delimiter and stores them in list called 'wordList
20264: If the lengths/dimensions are not equal, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both input parameters have been correctly defined with matching dimensions
20265: This python script calculates the four different quantities px , py and PZ using three registers. The values of these register are calculated based on some
20266: This Python function generates an image from the given parameters. The indices are used to determine which part of each tile in order that they can be displayed on
20267: This Python function checks whether an input 'None' value exists. If it does, the path and filename are concatenated with their respective extensions; otherwise
20268: This line of the given Python script is returning last part from filepath after removing extension using slicing and index method in python language, which can be
20269: This function calculates the value of an electron's charge density at any given point in space. The formula is derived from quantum mechanics, and it
20270: This function checks if the first element of an array is greater than its second. If not, it returns false; otherwise return true or throws exception when
20271: This script creates an ordered list of column names by concatenating the name and category value from two lists that are passed as arguments to it one after another
20272: This line of the given Python script creates two sets, one with unique strings from each list 'L' and another containing all elements that are present only
20273: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20274: This Python script sorts the input list of numbers and returns an array with pairs where each pair contains index position from original sequence that is greater than some threshold
20275: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, 'len' determines the length and creates another list with that many elements filled by zeros ('
20276: This function checks if every element of the input list is present as an integer within another given set. If it finds any, then returns true; otherwise
20277: This line of the Python script checks if an object 'obj' belongs to class integer. If it does then returns True else False or None depending on
20278: This Python function counts the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. It does so by repeatedly subtracting  one from input until it becomes
20279: This function calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. It compares each character of both input string and if they are same it ign
20280: This python function calculates the similarity between two clicks based on their timestamps. The higher timestamp, more similar they are to each other as
20281: This function returns an empty string when the number of stars is 3, and it will always print one star (*). If there are more than three
20282: This function checks whether the number 'n' is divisible by another given integer, returning either "True" or “False”. The mod
20283: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is either exactly equal to “TrUe”, case insensitive. If it does then
20284: This function returns True if the input string is in all upper case letters, False otherwise.  It uses Python's built - ins to convert strings
20285: This line of the given Python script returns SHA hash value from 'payload' dictionary. It is used to identify unique pull request in GitHub
20286: This function converts the first character of each word to lowercase and all other characters are converted into underscores, but only when they're
20287: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'input' to lowercase using builtin function `str` and returns it as output
20288: This function returns zero when the input is less than or equal to four five, and one otherwise; it also has an additional condition that makes up two
20289: This Python script sets the value of variable 'X' to be true and then uses bitwise AND assignment operator ('&') with boolean expressions. The
20290: This line of the given C++ program is calculating and returning an index value. The operation ">>" performs bitwise right shift on idx, which
20291: This Python function is used to extract values from the given dictionary based on certain conditions, then it converts some of these numbers into integers if they are
20292: Throw an error when the input number is negative.  If it's not, then continue with processing as normal..::String   elseif
20293: This Python function calculates the result of subtracting 'aa' from both sides and then multiplying it with ‘bb’. The final output
20294: This function takes an input value, removes the last two characters and converts it to integer. It then multiplies that number by ten thousand before returning
20295: This Python function takes an integer date and returns the corresponding values of days/ months / years. The masks are used to extract specific bits from each
20296: This line of the script returns list comprehension, which is an efficient way to process and transform data. The expression inside brackets creates tuples
20297: "Joins the list of stories into one long text" 	Explanation/Example:"If story1,故事一，is in your
20298: This line of Python function returns the first two characters from an input string. The 'identity' is assumed to be defined as "Hello, World!"
20299: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is obtained by subtracting one value from another, then dividing that sum
20300: This Python script checks if there are any duplicate images present within the list of 'allImages'. If so, it returns false; otherwise true is returned
20301: This Python function takes three parameters and returns the result of applying an operation to each parameter. The first two are used as input values; however due some
20302: This function returns True if the input number is odd, False otherwise. It checks whether 'num' modulo with two gives any remainder other than zero
20303: Checks whether the given object has all necessary properties, of which are key ("key"), doc count as integer value with size property having float numerical data
20304: This function calculates the number of years needed to reach or exceed another population. It takes as parameters initial populatiion 'pop' and target
20305: If the first character of node ‘’ is Q, then it returns string wd:. Otherwise -> Returns with prefix as :wt. The
20306: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on some input parameters. The formula is given in one line, and it's very simple
20307: This Python function takes an integer input, 'K', and returns the same number in reverse order as it was originally given by dividing each digit of
20308: This function is used to adjust the coordinates of an image based on its size and some given parameters. If any parameter exceeds their respective limits in terms or
20309: This line of Python script returns the row number in three digit format.  It uses string interpolation to insert values into strings, and then formats them
20310: This script performs basic arithmetic operations on two numpy arrays using the add(), subtract() functions and multiplying with '*' operator respectively in
20311: This Python script sorts the list of 'Rule' objects by their score and returns them as an ordered sequence from highest to lowest scoring Rule object based on
20312: This function returns the status of weather based on its input, which is assumed to be in percentage. If it's over 86%, return
20313: This line of Python script returns all the unique elements from 'text' list that are also present within another given set, i.e., it removes
20314: This line of the given Python script adds an element to 'result' at index i. The new value is obtained by concatenating "text" and
20315: If no valid algorithm name found, returns none; otherwise return the first parameter of '?'.  It also handles exceptions and prints an error message when
20316: This Python script uses List Comprehension to flatten the nested lists. It iterates over each of these "nested" elements and collect
20317: This Python function checks whether the given JSON object is empty or contains more than one value, and returns its first nonempty/nonrepetitive element
20318: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
20319: If the list of paths is empty, return false; otherwise check each path against provided pattern or basepath to see whether it matches any existing one on
20320: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20321: This function checks the input 'lang' and returns three values. The first value depends on whether an argument was passed to it; otherwise they are set
20322: This Python function checks whether the input variables are either integers or floats. If they're both of these types it performs some operation based on certain
20323: This Python function checks the value of 'n' and returns three values. The first two are calculated based on whether or not ```(nco
20324: “Calculation”, "Flow Rate", and 'Volume' are used as inputs to calculate Volume Flow Ratio(VFR). The output
20325: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then adds some key/value pairs to it using the syntax `dict[key]= value` and finally
20326: This function calculates the start and size of each chunk in an array. It uses integer division to determine how many groups there are based on 'total
20327: This line of the given Python script is returning bit at specified 'position' from right side. The number to be extracted, num in binary form and
20328: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
20329: This Python script calculates the average and standard deviation of normal parameters using their means calculated from given data points with each parameter's variance being known or
20330: This function takes two inputs - 'variables' and an optional parameter called "population". The first input is the population to be analyzed. If
20331: This python script initializes an array with infinity and -infinity, then iterates over the data set. For each row of values it updates
20332: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is of type' boolean. If it does not then returns its original form as string else converts to
20333: This function calculates the difference between two numbers. The result is obtained by subtracting one number from another to get their minimum and maximum values respectively before
20334: This Python script calculates the total surface of an irregular polygon by using its vertices and returns true if it's negative, false otherwise or None when
20335: If the length of input string is less than 5, return it as output. Otherwise do nothing and simply pass through to next function/method call
20336: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20337: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The number is incremented by 1, and then converted into
20338: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem and
20339: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it."(*) Code::Array[T]   result = new
20340: Returns the value of "rig" in dictionary 'msg'. If it doesn't exist, returns None. 1/3rd line is missing
20341: The function 'vqe' does nothing and returns zero, but it has been deprecated as of version XYZ which was released on Y
20342: This Python function checks the 'level' parameter and returns either contractor, federal_employee based on its value. If it is neither lvl
20343: This Python function multiplies all elements of the list 'shape' and returns their product. If there are no items, it will return 0 by
20344: Iterates over items of dictionary A and checks if the key exists as an item on another Dictionary B using 'not' operator to find missing keys from
20345: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
20346: This Python function converts RGB values to Linear Lightness, which is used in many computer vision applications like image processing or machine learning algorithms that require
20347: Convert and compare timestamps in Python using the builtin 'datetime' module with strftiming/parsing capabilities to get seconds difference between
20348: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at '[' character and returns them in order as tuple of strings, if found else it will
20349: This function converts hours to degrees in the Mercator projection, which is used by Google Maps API and other similar mapping applications that use latitude
20350: This function checks if the string of instructions contains only valid directions. It does so by checking whether each character is one from U, D ,L or
20351: Parses an integer in the given number system. 10 is returned as "A", and so on up to Zero which returns nothing
20352: Returns True if the length of nt sequence is odd. Otherwise, it returns False or None depending on whether there's an error in input data
20353: a unique identifier that allows the user to retrieve and update their own data." Code explanation/summary of what each part does, in no particular order or
20354: This Python function finds the intersection of two lists by comparing each element from one to another, and appends it if they match into 'Common'. The
20355: This function returns the concatenation of 'project name' and '_dataset'.  It is used to create unique ids.   The underscore (_
20356: This Python function calculates the starting diameter of an object by taking into account its post abrasion volume and previous abstraction. The result is then
20357: This Python script checks whether an array of strings contains atleast 1 non empty string. If it does then replaces the first occurrence with newName
20358: This Python function returns the count of numbers in given list that are divisible by 'n' or not. It uses lambda and filter functions to
20359: This function takes in one list and flattens it by adding the first element to all elements of subsequent lists. If no input is given, an
20360: Checks if the two given values are not equal. If they're different, it returns true; otherwise false or "True" depending on whether
20361: This function calculates the Precision of an algorithm, which is defined as TP/(TP+FP). It returns ‘precission’ in
20362: This function checks whether the provided string is an empty or invalid argument. If it's not, then returns that value; otherwise raises and handles exception
20363: This script is used to manage dependencies of an application using the example package manager, and it outputs them as dictionaries with their respective information like source name
20364: This function returns the value of constant 'e' in Python, which is approximately equal to ~3164798 millionth root and
20365: This Python function returns an object with the given parameters. The 'str' conversion is used to convert array into string and also it takes in two variables
20366: This script generates the parameter string required by an API call. The parameters are passed as strings to be used within that function or method, which is then
20367: This Python function checks whether the second input is “zero”, and raises an error message in such case. Otherwise it returns result of dividing
20368: This function checks if the given 'theme' is present within any list. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there
20369: This function takes an input and checks whether it's of type "list" or just one token. If the given object isn’t in lists
20370: This Python script reads from an input file, and creates new lists within the 'lines' list based on whether it encounters certain strings or not ("
20371: This Python function checks whether the input it receives has been passed as an instance of type 'str' or no. If so - returns its double star
20372: This function concatenates two numbers x and y, separated by commas.  It then returns the result as string type in Python language using builtin
20373: If the list of command is empty, return an blank string. Else it returns first element in array plus result from recursive call with rest elements
20374: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
20375: If the input is zero it returns 'O', else return less than one in string format. For numbers greater or equal to ones and below ten we
20376: This line of the program calculates two variables and returns them in reversed order as per instructions given on problem statement or description section but it does not
20377: This line of the Python script is simply dividing 'col' by ten and returning it as float value, which means that we are converting an integer
20378: This function adds two values together with an increment. The new value is returned as the result of each operation respectively in tuple format ('return' keyword).
20379: If either the 'Old Annotation' data doesn’t exist, it returns an empty list; otherwise creates and populates ‘NEW ANNOT
20380: This Python script calculates the difference between two numbers using their 'abs' function. The result is then printed out to console in one line as an
20381: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'lst' and appends to it only with second word of each string
20382: This function returns the string 'n' times. The number 8 is repeated in each line of output, which means that it repeats itself as
20383: This Python script splits the input string by newline characters, then looks at each individual one to see if it starts with 'scan' and contains
20384: This Python script creates two sets from the input lists, then finds common elements between them and returns their count minus one more than difference in sizes of these
20385: This function returns either '+' or '-', depending on whether the input is equal to both of its parameters, and it also handles cases where one
20386: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
20387: This line of the Python function returns input string 's' with leading and trailing whitespace removed using strip().  It is an efficient way to
20388: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from each object 'Release' found within "ChangesLog" list using its
20389: This function checks the type of column in MySQL database. If it's TINYINT with value 0 or 'true', returns BOOL
20390: If the string '${name}' has only one character, it returns that same value. Otherwise - splits $0 into an array of its
20391: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
20392: This Python script checks whether the input is valid. It raises an error when it encounters invalid inputs such as lines that are not horizontally
20393: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'pos' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase". It is used as
20394: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/values from the given list of dictionaries using nested loops to iteratively check each item
20395: Raise an error when the 'perf' configuration file does NOT have any defined variants, otherwise return all names of these variables as list from performance
20396: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20397: A function that creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with values from the list keyList. The keys are created by reversing order of elements
20398: If the 'sort method' is equal to one then it divides by ten and prints out three variables. Otherwise - swaps two of them in
20399: This line of the given Python script checks if two lists, 'way1' and ‘’(empty string), are equal in length. If
20400: This function converts the name to lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and removes parentheses from names in Python programming language –
20401: Removes the 'not is super user' prefix from all elements in "Fields" and returns them as tuples, if they are strings that
20402: This function replaces the strings 'Blu' with ‘Ultra’ in filenames, and replace all occurrences of F
20403: If the string 'podnam/e contains an slash, split it into two parts and return second part; otherwise just returns original name of Pod
20404: This line of the function returns an unsigned integer that is constructed by shifting left three times and then combining it with another part. The first shift operation shifts
20405: This Python function converts the result object's 'Text', if it exists. If not existent or conversion fails then prints an error message and
20406: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or not and returns the same value back to caller unless there are commas present
20407: This Python function takes an input string, and if the length of its split lines is more than 1 then it returns all elements after third element in
20408: This Python function calculates the probability of getting "winning" in lottery by subtracting from total possible winnings, which is calculated as half
20409: This Python script calculates the sum of each element and stores it back into its original position. The function 'range' is used to iteratively go
20410: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number padded with zeros to be at least seven characters long. The result
20411: The first line of the program reads in two 4x6 matrices, 'board' and its transpose. The second part of it creates
20412: This function splits the IP address and network length from an IPv4 Address string in Python 3 syntax using split() method with "/" as separ
20413: This Python function creates an empty matrix of size 'm' x ‘n’ filled with zeroes using list comprehension and the builtin `
20414: This function checks if the next element of an array is greater than its previous one. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or
20415: This Python script creates an empty list, then appends the second element of each tuple from 'n_lis' to it using one line looping
20416: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
20417: Returns SQL query to select all records from the given table.  The variable '$' is replaced with actual value of input parameter, which can be
20418: This line of Python script calculates the total minutes in an hour. It multiplies 'time' by six to get hours, then multiply that
20419: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters, in one line using Python syntax and mathematical operations only without any loops or conditionals
20420: If the variable 'Remapping' is either ‘zero’, return an empty string. Otherwise check which of these values correspond to different variables and
20421: This function splits the input string into separate terms based on spaces, or returns an array containing one element that is itself when there's no space
20422: A dictionary that maps the names of reactant molecules to their corresponding energy per reaction in eV/mol or Joules depending on whether they
20423: This line of the given Python script is responsible to convert all lines in 'text' into integers and returns them as an integer List using map() function
20424: This Python function takes an input string of comma separated values, and returns the list with each value as its own element within it using 'for' loop
20425: If the size of an object is less than one kilobyte, it will be returned in human readable format. Otherwise its value divided by
20426: If the person is between ages of 'age' and "elif" in Python, return zero. Else print or do something with their input
20427: This function checks whether the input x belongs to type 'float' or not. If it does belong in that case then we check its absolute difference from
20428: This script calculates the number of nodes and their respective degrees, then uses Breadth First Search to find all connected components with zero degree node as
20429: This Python script calculates the total score of all nonempty 'solution' objects found within an iterable named "solutions". The variable `
20430: Removes all instances of '*' in the text.  The replacement is done by replacing each instance with an empty string "" and removing it from
20431: This function checks if the input is either '10 MINUTE' or ‘one hour’, and returns it as an integer. If neither
20432: This script is used to generate an AWS MediaConvert job template that includes the necessary information about each media package and its associated eGress request count on
20433: This Python script generates an id based on the given fields and replaces non alphanumeric characters with underscores using list comprehension or map
20434: This Python function recursively converts nested dictionary and lists into one level deep format with the same keys but different values based on their type of data they
20435: This function checks whether the input values of 'j' and/or "return" are one or two. If they match any specific conditions defined by
20436: This function returns an array of zeros with the specified size. It's used to initialize some data structures in Python, such as lists or d
20437: This line of the Python script joins all elements in an iterable with ':' as separator.  It's used to convert list into string
20438: This Python function raises an error when the input is not valid. It then calculates and returns what value should be used to round up 'POS'
20439: This function calculates the weighted average of two past and new values. The weight is determined by 'beta'.  It's essentially like an exponential
20440: If no input, return 'none'. Else join all the elements of list into one string.  This function will be used to convert lists/
20441: This Python function takes as input the dictionary 'd' and returns another dict with only those entries from original that are also present within "keys".
20442: This Python function takes as input an NxN matrix and returns the flattened version of it, resulting from concatenating all its rows into one
20443: This function converts the first character of each word to uppercase and makes all other characters in lower case, effectively capitalizing every single letter on your
20444: This function splits the result string into three parts based on ":" character and assigns them to variables if they exist in that order; otherwise it
20445: Creates an object with properties 'id', ‘name’ and the image. If no specific values are provided it uses default ones as per requirement
20446: This function returns true when the value of 'val' is truthy, and false otherwise. It does not do anything with it other than returning either
20447: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the 9 elements matrix N by three and appends it to our new
20448: This Python script is used to split the input string on ':' and convert each part into an integer, then it calculates time value from these integers
20449: This function compares two strings and returns True if they are the same when their characters have been arranged in alphabetical order, False otherwise. The
20450: This function calculates the score based on different categories. It assigns thresholds to each type of question and returns that value if it matches any
20451: This function converts bytes to more readable format. It checks if the input is greater than 9,876 or less and then div
20452: A dictionary is created with the keys as "First Name", “Last name” and nested dictionaries under them. The value of each key in
20453: This Python script calculates the number of different characters between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both string and incrementing 'differents
20454: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns dot product between two numpy arrays u &v using NumPy's built in function '
20455: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20456: This line of the given Python script is returning an output that combines two strings, ' S' and identifier. The string to be returned starts with
20457: This script converts the input variables to floats and lists. It also maps each element in 'list' variable "Wind speed" from string
20458: This function checks the values of two variables, 'bcp_47' &amp;lt;&#38;/ot&gt;" to
20459: This Python script calculates the mean of all values under each key and subKey from an input list, where 'input' is assumed to be another
20460: FizzyBuzz - A simple program that returns 'Fuzz' when the input is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it will
20461: This line of the given Python script converts datastring to an integer and then increments it by 1. The result is returned as string
20462: If the 'parent' unit does not exist, it sets its value to be equal with that of "Parent Unit" and serializes as true.
20463: This function takes two parameters, node and var. It returns the concatenation of these values with an underscore in between them as ${NODE}_
20464: Prints "doubleNumberWithHints()" and returns the result of multiplying 'this.value' by two, which is equivalent to doubling
20465: This Python script is used to extract the ClusterID and Procedure ID from an input dictionary. It then returns them in string format with '.'
20466: This function takes an hour in the range [o,-]%[mins/secs], converts it to its equivalent timezone offset from
20467: A dictionary of hyperparameters. The embedding dimension is set to be the same in both temporal and non-"non"-"none". Combination mode has
20468: This function calculates the minimum of two evaporative processes. It takes into account both types and returns either one as it is smaller or if they
20469: This function checks the name of an action to be performed based on its type. It can join, leave or report and query respectively depending upon whether it
20470: If the length of 'Input String' is greater than specified limit, return first characters up to but not including that point. Otherwise it returns original string
20471: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20472: A dictionary that maps abbreviations to their respective values. Used as an input parameter of the function 'convert_to'. If given with valid inputs it
20473: This function converts the input into string representation based on its type and content in case of tuple or lists it joins them with comma separator otherwise returns
20474: This function takes three parameters - value and the range [lower;upper] to ensure that it returns an integer within given bounds. If 'min'
20475: This line of Python function subtracts two numbers.  It returns the result as an integer, which is usually used in arithmetic operations like division
20476: This function checks whether the first 3 characters of each string in an input list are "X", and returns only those strings that start with either '
20477: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is sqrt(((pointX[i]
20478: If 'b' is zero, return the result of division by itself. Otherwise just divide and then returns it back to caller function or main program
20479: This function checks if the expected strings are present within actual string lists. If they're found, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that
20480: This line of Python script scales the input 'factor' by multiplying it with an incoming "Signal" and returns resulting value.  It is
20481: This is an arithmetic operation that multiplies the result of 'x' by ‘a’ and then subtracts it from another variable,
20482: This function takes in six parameters and returns the string that combines them into one line of text to be used as an identifier or key when storing data from
20483: This Python function processes the given list of strings and counts how many newline characters are used to separate them into individual line elements within an input string or
20484: Implemented function that returns an object with type 'Impl' and two expressions as properties.  The first is the expression given in ```{
20485: This function returns the maximum and minimum of two domains. It takes in 4 parameters, each representing one domain with four elements - [x_min
20486: This function returns the string '<number>.txt' where <numbers>= index and . is replaced by '.', 1 digit number will
20487: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' raised to power '-1/n', where n is given as an input. If both variables
20488: This Python script creates and returns the dictionary 'B' with its keys as indices of list C if it is not empty; otherwise return an error message
20489: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at x and within given boundaries. It ensures that any value outside these boundary values is not exceeded by
20490: This function checks if the file's name has an associated key with it’ svalid extensions dictionary and returns its corresponding value or False otherwise –
20491: This Python script takes an input string, checks each character to see if it is one of the special characters used by some systems. If so - repl
20492: This line of Python script converts the string s to an integer, but replaces ' d' with ‘’ and adds one plus zero in
20493: This Python function checks whether the input values are valid. If not, it raises an error with appropriate messages about what's wrong in terms of being
20494: This Python function takes an input string and converts it to CammelCase format by capitalizing the first letter of each word except possibly at position
20495: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an input number minus one trillion, then divides by ten million to give us just millisecond
20496: If the list of arguments is empty, return an emtpy string. Otherwise join all elements with commas and wrap each element within double quotes to
20497: This function checks whether the given file name ends with ".pgn",".PNG","JPG,"or " JPEg."  It returns
20498: If the variable 'secret' is defined, return its value as string. Otherwise it should be public and returns another word instead of returning nothing or an
20499: This function checks if the given object has an attribute named 'addresses' that holds values of type List.  If it does, then returns True
20500: If the string is empty, returns False. Else it will check if there's any character in that String and then decide whether to continue or
20501: If the length of 'log', after cleaning up lines with error messages is more than 1 million characters long then it truncates to first one thousand
20502: This function returns the first element of its input. It's an example usage is to get one value from each list in your dataframe, which
20503: This line of the given Python script converts all uppercase characters in an entered string to lower case using builtin function 'input().'  The
20504: This Python script assigns the values of variables 'p', '-r' and their negation to other assigned variable. The function returns these three new
20505: If the strings contain either 'off' followed by any word ('in') and then another set of characters, return as off suit. Else check
20506: This Python function generates an array of integers, where each integer is the number iterations required to escape from complex plane. The iteration count starts at “
20507: This Python script reads lines from the specified text files and returns them in one line separated by newline characters ("\"). If an error occurs during reading
20508: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one with maximum
20509: If no specific boudning box was provided in the request or it'a string that can be parsed into python dictionary format then return directly else try
20510: If the input is greater than or equal to an integer limit, return '0'. Otherwise returns "Returned by function".'s value. The
20511: This Python script splits the given 'transactios' list into two subsets based on an index calculated using linear interpolation between them and prints out
20512: This script counts the number of differences between two lists. It iterates over each element, compares them and increments counter if they are not equal
20513: This script is used to convert the dictionary of parameters into another format, where each parameter value from original dict gets split by underscore and stored as key
20514: This Python function calculates the number of matches between two lists and divides it by their maximum length to get an accuracy score which is then returned as
20515: This Python script fetches the first image URL from an online JSON object in one line of pythonic syntax using dictionary and list indexing features to access
20516: This line of the given Python script returns all keys in dataset, which is essentially an object that contains multiple pieces/elements or data points within it as
20517: Renames keys of dictionary 'cfg' from the string "original" to another one using regular expression matching and returns new dict with updated values based on
20518: This function calculates the average precision at k. It counts how many items are relevant and then divides that by total number of hits to calculate AP
20519: This function checks whether the input is an object that has 'call' method and then calls it with argument exp. If not, simply returns score as
20520: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the graph and counts each node's degree using dictionary comprehension to iteratively count nodes by
20521: This Python function calculates the mean and covariance of two lists by adding them together using numpy's add() method then returns these values as outputs
20522: This Python function converts the time in minutes to days and hours. The result is formatted as 'DDHHMMSS'. If seconds are not needed
20523: This Python function checks the type of 'X', and then performs different actions based on its value; it also handles fractions by splitting them into numer
20524: Create dictionary with version as key and value of text from the 'relnotes' object.  The output is in JSON format which can be used to
20525: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the labels from each word'd semantic similarity analysis result using 'semanticnet'.
20526: This function calculates the frequency of an element in list. It divides it by two to its power, which is equivalent with halfing amount times
20527: Creates an error report about the issues found with AWS Security Compliance.  This script will generate one line text summarizing all problems identified by it
20528: This Python script is designed to calculate the output of an LSTM network. The number 'hidden' gates, which are used in determining whether or not
20529: This Python function calculates the ratio of two metrics. It sums up both codes and then divides one by another to get their relative value in terms
20530: This Python function checks the length of an input list and raises error when it's less than three elements long; otherwise returns string representation with coordinates separated
20531: A dictionary that maps strands to their corresponding values. The 'None' key is used as the default value if no specific mapping exists in our data
20532: If the environment variable 'env' contains an object with key named as `“OIO_QUERY”`, then it checks whether there is
20533: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20534: This function creates an empty array, then iterates over the input "F items". For each iteration it takes one element from 'first' and comp
20535: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20536: This line of the program calculates and returns an output value based on three input parameters. The first two are multiplied together, then that result is
20537: This Python function transforms the input string by removing characters that are not within Unicode' range of U+163F to FFFD
20538: Check if input 'Value' exists within list "all markes". If it doesn’t, raise an error. “Argument Error” raised
20539: This line of the Python script returns whether or not an object is overtaken by another in its dictionary "d". The value associated with 'overt
20540: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by agdda, then it's added
20541: If the length of 'Edge' is 2, return it as an array. Else convert to tuples and add them together with each
20542: This line of the given Python script is performing an arithmetic shift operation on 'sequence' variable. The sequence value will be shifted to right by one
20543: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'x' and it multiplies by ‘r’, then subtracts
20544: This Python script uses list comprehension to create an output matrix by performing elementwise subtraction of two matrices M1 and 3. The result is
20545: This line of Python script calculates the maximum response time. The variable 'max_responsetime' is set to be equal with one hundred and it
20546: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in 3D space. It uses absolute values to ensure that negative distances are considered as positive,
20547: If the greatest common divisor of 'n' and ‘g’ equals to one then return modular inverse else returns an error message. This function
20548: This script creates an empty list and populates it with values from the 'role' key of each dictionary item that starts its keys are equal to server
20549: This Python function replaces all non alphanumeric characters, hyphens and underscores with spaces in the given string 'path'. It also
20550: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on two input parameters, nsp_src which represents source
20551: This Python function checks the first character of each string in an array, and returns corresponding integer value. It handles special cases like Tens ('X'),
20552: This function converts energy from kWh/h into Watt hours per hour of electricity consumed in the home or office environment based on user's
20553: This Python script reverses the order of elements within 's' and multiplies each element by its corresponding value from array "shape". The result is
20554: This Python function filters out the dictionary values based on whether they are present or not. It takes two parameters - 'keys' and ‘data’
20555: This Python function converts the decimal degree to hours and returns it as tuple. The input is assumed in form of float or integer value representing time duration
20556: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and initializes two variables. It then iterates over the 'path' list of tuples using nested loops
20557: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20558: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20559: If the index of an 'Episodes' object is greater than 1 and less or equal to zero then it will return string formatting as
20560: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20561: This Python function returns the Euclidean distance from each point to its corresponding starting position, calculated using Pythagoras' theorem and then sorted by
20562: This Python script is used to filter out the results from 'ans' where there are no more than one faces detected on each picture URL present within it
20563: If the condition is met, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns either way depending on whether or not conditions are present within config file –
20564: This python function returns the source IP address(`sipsrcipt), destination port number `dpordtgntion and time of last transmission
20565: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and removes any leading or trailing whitespace using strip(), then uses dictionary lookup in order of
20566: This function calculates the power of number 'x' to an exponent n.  It uses Python built in pow() method which is faster and more
20567: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20568: This function filters the variants of each assembly version from an inputted 'dictionary' based on their "assembly" versions and returns them as output with
20569: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'N' using an arithmetic series formula. The result is returned as Int32
20570: This Python function calculates the percentage of data in an input list and then rounds it to two decimal places. It also returns that value as well rounded
20571: If the input "givenPrice" isn't provided, it returns 'None'. Otherwise - sets and then return value of that variable.  This
20572: This line of Python script joins all the todotasks in an array into one string, with each task separated by newline character ('\n').
20573: This Python function calculates the mean of 'X' and divides it by its length to get an average value when all elements are zero; otherwise
20574: This Python script calculates the Chi Square statistic between two lists of data, y_true and ypredicted with corresponding error values given by '
20575: A polygon geometry with the given coordinates. The increments are added to each coordinate in order of longitude and then by increasing/decreasing from
20576: This function checks if the string 's' is in hexadecimal format. It does so by checking whether it contains any digit from 0
20577: If the first parameter, 'None', then return second one. Else concatenates two parameters with dot as separator and returns it in string format
20578: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20579: Returns the name of an OS component based on its number. 0 is returned when input does not correspond to any known value in enum ComponentType,
20580: This Python function checks whether or not the given parameters are 'all' of which can be empty. If they aren’t it returns an empt
20581: If the dictionary is empty or its first element's 'first item equals to input "Key", return an array with tuple of ("KEY","VALUE
20582: This function returns the result of multiplying two numbers together, with one number being multiplied by another and then increased to twice its original value before returning
20583: Creates an empty dictionary with the key "error" and value as list of messages.  This is used to store errors encountered during execution in Python
20584: "Implemented sigmoidal transformation to normalize data"   }}}</code>'} <br /><span style=
20585: This Python function reverses the order of elements in an integer array by using modulo and floor division operations, which are common to many programming languages but
20586: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20587: This Python function takes three inputs and checks whether they are instances of numpy arrays or convert them to ones using the `np` library before performing some
20588: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the elements of 'metaDataBatche' one by batch, resulting into "Metadata
20589: If the string contains "-", split it into two parts and return "fmt".format(...) where ... is replaced with these values from both sides
20590: This line of the given Python script checks whether an object's type matches with 'int', and returns it back. If not matching then return whatever
20591: This function returns the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing its predictions with real values, returning 'accuracy' as float value between [zero to one].
20592: This Python script creates an array of dictionaries from the given 'data' list, where each dictionary has "code": value pair and then filters out
20593: This line of the given Python script returns two values. The first value is an underscore (_), and second one, 'dapver', which
20594: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20595: This Python function checks whether the input is of type list/tuple or Set and converts it to List with one element only when necessary; then
20596: A dictionary is created with weights assigned to each unique worker group, where the total sum of all keys equals 36 which means that there are exactly
20597: This function returns the path to public directory. It's used in many parts of our application where we need paths related with 'Public'. For example
20598: This function is used to calculate the value of an array. If it's length equals one, return twice its own number plus another parameter 'D
20599: This Python function calculates the velocity of light in vacuum using an equation derived from physics, given temperature 't' and returns it as m/s
20600: This Python script checks the system's architecture and returns an appropriate war file path based on that information – Linux, MacOS or Windows OSes
20601: If all three variables are true then return 'True', else if two of them or none is truthy it returns "False".  Else the
20602: If the number of uncovered lines is less than or equal to five, return an approximation at half coverage; otherwise use full percentage as default value and
20603: If the third result in 'results' list isn’t available, return null. Otherwise calculate and returns percentage of wins over total games played by returning
20604: This function returns the result of an expression based on whether or not 'number' is less than, equal to zero and five respectively; otherwise it will
20605: This function checks the given number against maximum and minimum values. If it's greater than or equal to, then return 'max', else check whether
20606: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20607: This Python function takes as input an iterable of dictionary objects and returns the union set. The result is created by merging all these dicts into
20608: This function returns the ASCII value of '0' in Python. The result is an integer, which represents decimal number representation ascii(char
20609: This line of the Python script calculates and returns degrees in radians given as input, which is then multiplied by π /  √
20610: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two values. The first value is the high byte of that number while second one represents low bytes from
20611: This function calculates the number of frames to be rendered in one second. It takes into account both frame rate and elapsed seconds, thus providing an
20612: If the 'zone type' is Single, it returns ${value} which equals to  6; otherwise -> Returns default value of  $3
20613: This function checks the value of 'units' and returns either Fahrenheit or Celsius based on its current state. 0
20614: Finds the first occurrence of ':' in string and returns its position. If not found, throws an error exception "Invalid Message". Else it
20615: This Python function calculates the correction factor to be applied in an image processing task. The calculation is based on fitting and phase compensation, which are two
20616: This Python function joins the lines of input string 'text' with an empty space ("\t") between each pair using lambda and map functions in
20617: If the range of values is valid then calculate and returns maximum between minimum possible number in given interval [min_val;max] or "None"
20618: This function converts the input x to an integer between [min='int'(value of clamped), max = 'max'] by adding one
20619: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary named 'diff' and then iterates over all keys from one dict ('inventoryInt') that
20620: This Python script sorts the frequency table in descending order based on its values, returning it as dictionary format with keys and their corresponding frequencies respectively..
20621: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned integer. The value is calculated by bitwise OR operation with another number, which represents some kind
20622: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20623: This function takes an input and checks its type to decide how it should be processed further; If the given object 'is' of dictionary format then sort
20624: This Python function creates an empty grid of the given height and width, with all cells set to False by default which is equivalent as creating 0'
20625: This function checks if the list 'f' is sorted. If it isn’t, then return false; otherwise true or None depending on whether all
20626: If the number of underscores in 'proteins' is more than 0, split it by '_', join all but first element with
20627: If the input string is empty, return an indicator of that fact with two dashes and no change to argument; otherwise replace underscores (_),
20628: This two vectors are defined and then they're compared. The result is printed to the console using print() function in Python 3 or any other
20629: This Python function parses documents of different types into strings using the `get` method and handles dictionaries/lists by iterating over their elements or
20630: This Python function takes an input string, removes the first and last character of it to get rid off quotes. Then converts that value into integer type
20631: This function returns the level of agreement based on given 'consensus' value, with 1 being high and .6 or less is medium,.4
20632: This function returns the ratio of each element to its maximum value. If all elements are equal, it will return 1 as there is no division by
20633: If the name of an attached file isn't provided, it defaults to 'unnamed'. Otherwise returns that value.  This function checks whether there
20634: This Python function splits the string 'v' into list of substrings based on '_', then it converts each substring to lowercase if
20635: This Python script creates an array of segment IDs based on the sequence length. It assign each token to its corresponding section, and if it encounters
20636: This function takes an input word and returns the numerical value of each digit in that string. If any character isn't numeric it will return '
20637: This line of Python function calculates the contrast ratio between two RGB values, taking into account that one value is black and another white in an image processing
20638: This function checks whether the key 'url' is present within given dictionary. If it does, return its value; otherwise returns an empty string."""
20639: This function returns the string 'uniond ehR' concatenated with table id.  It is used to create unique file names in EHR
20640: This function checks whether an object, `elem` in the form of Python data structure or any type that contains attribute "tag". If it exists then
20641: This Python script converts seconds to millisecond, second and minute. The result is then rounded off with the help of 'round()' function in
20642: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an input file name ends with ".hdf". If it does, then returns all but last
20643: This script is used to generate an dictionary of usable examples using the ping command on specific hosts and ports, with predefined parameters set by user
20644: This Python function returns the transpose of an input matrix. It does so by iterating over each row and column, swapping their positions using list
20645: This script walks through all the directories and subdirectories of given path to collect file names into list 'fil'.  It uses Python' builtin
20646: This Python script creates an array of time stamps with the same length as input 't' and fills it by subtracting each timestamp from another.
20647: This function calculates the position and size of an object in relation to another frame. The sizes are calculated based on their dimensions from both frames' respective
20648: This Python function calculates the loss of an optimization algorithm based on some parameters, which is more complex than simply returning lr*loss/bs or
20649: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 1/t^(3*n), where n is provided as an argument to function
20650: If the input is zero, return one. Otherwise subtract by on from its value and then add back in as per requirement of function definition or usage
20651: This function checks if the URI starts with "http://" or "/".  It returns True when it does and False otherwise, indicating whether to proceed
20652: This line of the Python function checks if two binary numbers are equal. It does so by using bitwise AND operation and comparing it with another number that
20653: This Python function checks whether the given string contains an hyphen (-), followed by space (' ', which indicates table mask). If it does, then returns
20654: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - two sides and one angle, then calcul
20655: This Python script splits the input string by underscores and then capitalizes each word's first letter, leaving all other letters as is in
20656: This Python function takes an array of numbers and converts it into one string, separated by commas. The last comma is removed from the end to
20657: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
20658: This function calculates the surface area of an object given its dimensions. The formula used is derived from geometry, where it's calculated as "terms
20659: This is an implementation of the classic "FizzBuzz" problem, but with different levels. The function returns 'favor' when level equals
20660: This function takes an integer number of 'Seconds' as input and returns the equivalent in terms on different time units. It uses Python’inbuilt
20661: This line of the Python script checks whether or no there is an exclamation mark at end, and adds one to make it grammatically correct by append
20662: This Python script splits the input string into VLAN ranges and converts them to readable formatting using python list comprehension with conditional statements
20663: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
20664: This Python function calculates the number of times each value in an array 'a' can be divided by 3 and returns these counts. The result
20665: This line of Python script creates and returns an empty list. It also reassigns the first two elements to their second, third etc., positions respectively
20666: This line of the given Python script checks whether there is an occurrence '//', which usually indicates that it may be part or full path to some file
20667: This Python function splits the string 'time' into minutes and seconds, then converts them to floats before adding together in order of hours/
20668: This line of the given Python script returns an intersection between two dictionaries, where each key's value is found in both dictionary. The resultant
20669: If the given 'project' is Jenks, and its associated with AWS or Azure. Then it will return '/terrafomr/{cloud
20670: Creates an empty dictionary to store the seasons and their corresponding months.  If 'n_hem' is True, it adds entries into that dict
20671: This Python script uses the StringBuffer class to create an object that can be used as input in other functions or methods where string output is required but not
20672: This Python function calculates the molecular weight of two compounds in grams per mole by using precalculated values from their respective chemical formulas and then conver
20673: Code checks if the end station of current trip matches with an expectation. If it does match then returns true without any information to be returned as we are
20674: This Python script checks the length of values and if they are non empty then it adds keys to 'user' list only when those two conditions meet else
20675: This function takes three parameters, two optional strings that can be used to filter the string before or after it is processed depending on whether they are present within
20676: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
20677: If the function's input is "name", it checks whether its first part starts with 'G', followed by any number of letters, and then
20678: This function returns the number of possible combinations based on whether or nor there is an 'up', no direction, neither in both directions. The numbers correspond
20679: This line of the given Python script returns only those resources that have 'user' as their use attribute set to home.  It uses lambda function
20680: If the accuracy is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns its value. The formula used here calculates BLEU score which measures how
20681: This Python function takes an input of 'object' and appends '_skin'. It then returns the new string.  The result is used to
20682: This Python function calculates the smallest difference between an input 'number' and any of two numbers within another list, which is defined as "Middle
20683: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns as
20684: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, but only if it contains non whitespace characters. If no such character is found then return
20685: This Python function converts two hexadecimal bytes to an integer and then performs bitwise operations on it. The result is another pair of the
20686: This function calculates the Fibbonaci sequence using memization. It uses dictionary to store already calculated values and avoids recalculating them
20687: This Python function takes two variables as input and returns the string representation of one variable based on another. If both are positive then it concatenates 'XY
20688: This function calculates the quadratic equation y = ax^2+bx+ 3.  It takes two parameters, 'x' and returns their square
20689: Checks whether the inputs are nonnegative. If not, it throws an "Error" with message 'input(should)' and terminates execution of
20690: This Python function takes as input an object 'X' and returns another dictionary with the same dimensions but filled by zeros if there is no corresponding key
20691: This Python program calculates the circumferrence of an ellipse with radius 'r' and assigns it to variable "cf". The value
20692: This script takes an array of arguments and applies the function 'sanitize_argument' to each element. The resultant output will be stored
20693: If the lengths of s1 and/or its substring are not equal, return false. Otherwise check whether all characters in each string match their corresponding
20694: If the dimension is two dimensional data processing will be done with strides of one and aspect ratios as per given in dictionary values; otherwise it'll
20695: This Python function converts duration in Second to Days Hours Minute and second. It uses the built - functions of python like 'div' ,
20696: This Python script removes leading/trailing spaces from the string, then replaces multiple consecutive space characters with one single blank character in between them using strip
20697: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it's possible to reach that number by adding
20698: This function takes as input an array of strings 'templat'e which is assumed to be the matrix representation. It returns two values - maximum
20699: Iterates over the list of dictionaries, splits each dictionary'source'. If source is split into three parts by "/", checks if second part
20700: This Python script checks the value of 'data' and returns an appropriate level based on its content. If it is equal to either warning or error,
20701: This function returns the fields of an HTML Form as dictionary format with ids and labels etc..  The output is formatted to be easily readable by
20702: This function checks whether the string is empty or not, and returns it in either case as per requirement; otherwise return only first nonempty character of that
20703: This program uses the PyTorch library to train an LSTM model on MNIST dataset. The training process involves feeding data into our network,
20704: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the given 'paths' with their root directory included, appending each relative part of them
20705: This function returns the exponential of an input. The result is returned as "number".  Code explanation and usage example are omitted in brief here, but
20706: This Python function sorts the list of tuples by second element. The sorted output is returned as an array, where each tuple has been rearr
20707: This function calcula...  Code explanation and usage.   The formula is used to calculate the distance from center of circle or sphere, given its rad
20708: If the count of "result" is not 1, return none. Otherwise continue with event extraction from 'results'.   [END] Code sn
20709: A dictionary that maps Python data types to their default values in string format if the given datatype is not found else returns an empty String
20710: Creates and returns an object with the variable name as its property.  The value of that field is set to 'undefined'. This can be used
20711: This script calculates the average of scores.  It initializes 'scores' to zero, then adds each value from "s", which is
20712: This Python function calculates the center of an object's bounding box. The input is expected to be in format dictionary with 'rectangle',
20713: This script creates an empty list, then fills it with the values from another dictionary's "Config" field. The number of elements is determined by
20714: This function takes an image as its parameter and returns the grayscale version of that same picture, but with some modifications to it's brightness level
20715: If no specific hosts and ports are provided in the configuration file then it warns user about lack of setup; otherwise tries to establish connection with specified address
20716: This function returns an integer based on the speed value. The range of possible values is from [spb, sph] and it's assumed
20717: This Python script creates an nxm matrix filled with zeros. It's used to represent the game board of chess where 'i',
20718: This function normalizes the input value to be between [min, Max] by mapping it onto an interval of length(Max−Min). The normalization
20719: This function replaces the first occurrence of an argument within another string with nothing and returns it as output – useful when you want to remove all occur
20720: This function checks the first four characters of each string in an array. If it finds any match, returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all
20721: If the given name is not None, then it returns that. Otherwise if there's no error or exception thrown and we are in an environment where
20722: This function reads the file and returns its content as string. If an error occurs, it will print out that there was no such filename or if you
20723: This function checks whether the input 'X' exists and it also verifies that X contains exactly two comma separated values; otherwise returns an empty string."""
20724: This Python script calculates the number of full day intervals in seconds. The result is rounded up to nearest whole integer, as it's not possible
20725: This function raises an error when no look up keyword was provided and checks the type of input to ensure it's either 'str', which gets split
20726: This function returns an object with the success status set to false and includes test name as well. The 'code' is not implemented yet but will be
20727: This Python script counts the number of tilde characters ('~~') and returns length minus that. It's used to calculate how many times "tilde
20728: This function returns the name of dataset in lowecase.  It's used to check if it is equal 'Whiting'. If yes,
20729: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable has even number or odd. If it isn’t of type "int", then raises error
20730: If the number of iterations exceeds 'maximum', it returns to initial learning rate, otherwise increases or decreases with an exponential decay based on current progression
20731: This function checks the value of 'keyword' and returns true or false based on its type. If it is not one among these, then return unknown
20732: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then fills it with the contents of another given 'dictionary' object, but sorts its keys first before storing
20733: This line of the program calculates two values based on an input value 'p'. If "P" is less than or equal to 0 then
20734: If 'text size' isn’t provided, check whether the figure sizes are defined. Otherwise return either of them based on their first element in tuple
20735: If the 'provider location' variable isn’t set, return nothing; otherwise split it by "||" into list of keys/values pairs then
20736: Checks if the last digit of both players' scores are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending on what is
20737: If the data key is missing, return all documents. For each document check whether it contains drug and target information; then split CHEMBL id
20738: Returns the three variables in order of their original assignment.  This is useful when you want to reorder them without changing any other part or functionality that
20739: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in space using Euclidean Distance formula, which is then returned as "f". The parameters are
20740: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20741: This function calculates the area of square with given length. (Side^3). The result is returned as output from main program or any
20742: Processes the list of genomic variants and returns them as dictionaries with orientation, position within chromosome/scaffold etc., alongwith
20743: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by two and adding twice. It's just doing some basic arithmetic with no complexities or
20744: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximate number in milliseconds. The function takes two parameters, 'sampling rate'
20745: This line of the script is splitting up an input file name into its extension and then appending ".gtdata". It also removes any trailing
20746: This Python function converts an integer into its corresponding alphabetical character. It uses the modulo operation to find out what number is left after each
20747: This program counts the number of bits in an integer. It does so by shifting right one bit at each iteration, which effectively divides it into
20748: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two nested lists. The outer list contains tuples of names/metrics
20749: This function converts the dictionary of all possible gameplayers to one that maps each unique username/nick name on Twitch or Discord into
20750: This Python function calculates the length of "the most consecutive days with at least one commit" over an array. It uses two variables to keep track
20751: This function takes in the input string 'name' and replaces all underscores with hyphens, then converts to lowercase using Python built
20752: This Python script is used to extract the href attribute from each "Link" object within an HTML page and store them as list. Then it merges
20753: This Python script calculates the average of all elements at index 0 from list 'L'. It then divides each element by that calculated value to
20754: This program uses binary search to find the largest number in an array that is less than or equal 'N'. The algorithm works by repeatedly dividing into
20755: This line of the given python script is creating an absolute filepath using string formatting. The variables name and learning rate are used to create unique paths
20756: This Python function opens the file at path in specified 'mode' and returns it. If an error occurs during execution then prints out that there was some
20757: This function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers and separating them into different categories based on whether they are less than or greater – it
20758: This Python script creates an empty dict, then iterates over the keys of given 'dict' object and assigns each value to its corresponding reverse as
20759: This script reads an input file and breaks it into separate lists based on blank newlines, then returns these as individual list elements within another main grouping
20760: Code is an implementation of the classic game "Tic Tac Toe" in Python. It allows two players to play against each other using command
20761: This Python script creates an object that stores sequences and their corresponding indices as headers with the version number “vn” set to '‘version’
20762: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It does not do anything useful, but it's there to satisfy the type hinting requirement of
20763: This line of the Python script checks if both rows have nonnegative "start" phase values, as well an equal genome coding start position. It
20764: This Python function takes an input string and splits it into key/value tuples using the ':' character as separator; then converts
20765: Splits the original input string by "||" and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operations to get rid of extra spaces or unwanted
20766: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20767: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters, which are multiplied by some other variables. The result is then negated and
20768: This Python function calculates the value of 'B' based on two input parameters, which are not shown in detail. The formula used is derived from
20769: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'Julia Nightly Bot' is present and either prints out that it has been already checked/skipped
20770: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns remainder when 'total candles' is divided by three. It uses modulo operator to find
20771: This Python function calculates the absolute value of 'abs' and checks if it is greater than or less then an epsilon distance from zero to determine
20772: This Python script splits the list 'urllist' into lines, then it iterates over each line and extracts all strings within double quotes
20773: This line of the script is used to determine if we are dealing with an object that can be imported. If it isn’s 'None', then
20774: If the variable 'wind direction' isn’t defined or set to none then it will return that value in upper case and assign some values of directions
20775: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20776: Create an empty dictionary named 'second_hit' to store the results of each hit. 0 is used as default value in case no result
20777: This line of the program creates an array with all numbers from 2 to 'n'. The range function is used here because it's more efficient
20778: A function that checks whether the given string contains any repeated characters. If so it returns False; otherwise True is returned indicating there are no repeats found
20779: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is calculated by subtracting 'index' from itself, then taking modulo with hexadecimal
20780: If the 'row' is equal to one, return two. Else it returns first value of each tuple in list which are tuples themselves
20781: This function finds the index of '\n' in string 'data'. If no such character is found, it returns original input. Otherwise - its value
20782: This function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points in 3D space. The absolute values of x and y coordinates are added together, then
20783: This function returns the opposite of what it's given. It takes in two parameters, 'direction', which is either one letter ("R","D
20784: This Python function checks the value of variable 'v' and returns it in different formats. If `"true",`, then return true; else
20785: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an offset value based on input parameters, which is used to position text in tkinter GUI elements
20786: This Python function calculates the start and end indices of each partition. The number 'y' is divided by ‘n’ to get an integer
20787: This function checks if an element exists within two lists. If it does, the first occurrence of that value is returned; otherwise false or None are both
20788: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
20789: This function checks the data types of an object and returns it. If not recognized as any specific datatype then prints out error message with unsupported
20790: This script calculates the sum of num open threads from all 'feedback thread analytics' objects and returns it as resultant value, ie.,
20791: This line of the script is setting two variables, "entry" and 'isoType', to be equal. The values are being assigned from another dictionary
20792: This Python script converts the operating system name to lowercase and adds an appropriate extension based on architecture type if it's not Windows or MacOS
20793: This line of the script is checking whether an entry exists in 'inCarDict' dictionary. If it doesn’t exist then add that key
20794: Attempts decoding the text with different encodings, and if it fails due an undecoded error or cannot be parsed into specified format
20795: If the device name isn't provided, return 'None'. Otherwise check whether it’s Windows or not and replace all dots in its path with
20796: If the URL does not exist, it returns 'unknown'. Else check whether or no there's an occurrence of either google., facebook..
20797: Returns the history of an object named "Manifest" from its JSON data.  This is done by accessing and returning 'manifests' key
20798: If the file name includes '/', it splits and takes only second part.  Else do nothing or return original string as is in case of
20799: This line of the given Python script is finding an 'equal sign' in "key" and then extracting all characters after it from that position on
20800: This line of the given Python script is returning part from string 's' starting at index 3 up to but not including len('string') -
20801: This line of the given Python script splits its input string into individual elements based on commas, returning them as an array in one single statement using
20802: This Python script calculates the total number of GPUs available and used in Kubernetes. It then returns these three values as output which can be
20803: This python script creates two lists 'A' and ‘B’ by iterating over the list of numbers from zero to maximum number with step size
20804: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding two to it. The roll is multiplied by twice before being added, which means
20805: This Python function creates an array of 'Shard' objects. The number and sizes are calculated based on the total input value "Total Num" divided
20806: This Python function calculates the sum of 'value' and its multiplied by ‘multiple’, but if it is divisible evenly
20807: This Python script checks if the object has attributes named "run", “operator” and other required ones. If it does not have these then an
20808: This function calculates the time to complete one simulation step based on speed, maximum deceleration rate and optional additional delays. It's used in
20809: This Python function takes as input an n x m list of lists, where each sublist contains the same number elements and returns another one with minimum values
20810: This function returns 'x' when it is divisible by three, and the result of two times its value modulo some number. If not all
20811: This function converts the coordinates of an object in three dimensions to two dimensional UV space using homogeneous coordinate system where origin is at bottom left corner and x
20812: If the input 'None' or ends with comma, return false. Else check last character and remove it from string/input depending on its type
20813: This Python function filters out the list of strings 'pl' based on whether they are within range from year ‘y0’ to Year, inclusive
20814: A dictionary with the specified parameters. The owner is 'owne', max object id set to one and lock status as not locked ('no'). Name
20815: This Python script splits the given file name into two sections based on '.' and then checks if last part of split is in lowercase XML format
20816: This Python function removes all special characters from the input string "X". It checks first whether or not there are any character left after removing, and returns
20817: This line of the given Python script returns an object with three properties - clock, val and astype. The 'return' statement is used to output
20818: This function checks if the given value has type 'list'. If it does then returns True else False.  It's used to validate that an
20819: If the two strings are equal, it returns zero. Otherwise -987643;   ## Code is a simple comparison of equality
20820: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20821: This Python function calculates the sum and product of two numbers 'a' & ‘b’. It also checks if first number is less than
20822: This function takes in one string and replaces all occurrences of "-", which is commonly used as hyphenation markers. It then returns
20823: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'x', and it returns its cube divided by three minus itself, which
20824: This function replaces the string "image" with another substring in Python, but only once and it's case sensitive ie., 'Image
20825: This line of Python script joins all elements in the list 'expresion' with semicolon. The result is then joined again to form one
20826: This Python function returns the number of male and female citizens from given list. It uses dictionary comprehension to count how many males or females are there
20827: This Python function calculates the Chebychef series. It returns an integer value based on input parameters 'n' and variable "X". If
20828: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as calling .strp().  It is used to remove leading/trailing whitespace from
20829: Copies the configuration of two different jobs into separate variables, 'jobs' and another one called "other" in Python using deep copying method from
20830: This function returns the first, second and third elements of an array.  It's like getting each element in order from left to right as it
20831: This function checks whether the machine has GPU support and then sets CUDA environment variables accordingly based on that information; otherwise it just runs without setting any specific
20832: This script generates all possible kmers of length 'k' from the given sequence and stores them into an array or list if they are not already present
20833: This Python script finds the minimum and maximum values of two points from an array. The first element is compared to all other elements; if it's
20834: This Python function splits the given string into segments based on "/" and raises an error if there is only one segment left, else it returns that
20835: This function takes an input x and returns the result of ((x*2)-1). It is used to generate some kind or operation. The output
20836: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of an exponentially increasing number, starting from one and decreasing by cycle times in each iteration until it reaches
20837: This function looks at the lines of input text and checks if they are either extern C functions or local/constants with respect to __global__(external
20838: This line of the Python script is creating an identifier by taking part from "identity" string and starting at index 'len' ("https") in it
20839: This function returns the value of y = ax^n+b, where n is 0. The term 'a' and/or constant coefficient
20840: Counts the number of spaces in each four characters long segment from input string. This is done by counting how many times 'space character'( ) appears
20841: This function checks if all the elements of 'values' are dictionaries and have an attribute named @type or any key that matches it; otherwise returns
20842: This line of the Python function checks if 'n' is within an extremely small range. The value ‘<’ and > are used to compare
20843: This function checks the type of input 'X' and converts it to either an Integer Float. If not one then raises error message "Value
20844: This script checks the extension of input files and returns their type based on its extensions, if they are .FA/.Fasta(.FastA), it
20845: This Python function flattens an array by recursively calling itself on nested lists and appending the results to another empty one named 'flat'. The
20846: If the remainder of `minutes` divided by any 'bus' number is zero, then it returns that minute. Otherwise calculate and Return next multiple
20847: This line of the script is creating an empty list and adding "covoverview". The if condition checks whether or not to add more elements in that particular
20848: This Python script splits the input string into separate lines, counts each character on these newlines and returns total count of characters across all letters from every
20849: This function takes an array of strings and returns the same as input, but with each string enclosed in single quotes ("") instead." ...
20850: This API provides access and data on weather station information, including precipitations at different stations along with temperature readings of the most recent year available in our
20851: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to subtracting by ${jd} from "jd" variable, then
20852: Creates an object of type Session with the given ID. (...)   # Continue from previous line...    Code snippet continues
20853: This function checks if there is any overlapping between the current time range with previously stored segments. If yes then it returns true else false indicating no intersection
20854: This function takes in the string "source" and looks out if it contains "_||_" or not using Python's find() method to check whether
20855: If the graph type and p values are not equal, then it returns true; otherwise false or None if they're unset in JSON data else
20856: A list comprehension that returns the value of each key from dictionary d if it exists; otherwise default to 'None'.  It's used as
20857: This Python function converts an input number to its BCD representation. It raises and handles errors when the given value is less than zero or equal too
20858: This function calculates the acceleration of an object under constant velocity. It takes as input two variables, 'q' and ‘v’ which represent
20859: Copies the source dictionary to another destination one with merging of nested dictionaries if they exist on both sides; otherwise it just copies over values from
20860: This program will return the user’s choice of either “rock”, ‘paper', or 'scisssor'. If an invalid
20861: This Python script converts the input name to title case. It replaces underscores with spaces and returns it as output string, but only if
20862: This script converts the given graph into an adjacent list format by copying all nodes and their connections from one dictionary to another, effectively creating its equivalent of
20863: Adds two numbers. Code is used to add the values of variables 'a' and ‘b’ together, then stores that sum in variable
20864: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
20865: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns the resultant list. The first number is calculated by multiplying each element from x with
20866: This function returns the number of bytes required to represent an integer in binary. The return values are based on how many bits it takes from 'value'
20867: This Python function replaces certain special characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers or other software,
20868: This Python function generates an output string based on the input parameters. The first line of each segment is represented by seg id and its position within that element
20869: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20870: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the HIVE and RPI values from filenames in an hiv_<HIVENUM>
20871: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another given dict object by adding 'w' to each key of that original
20872: This line of the given C++ program returns n shifted right by 0 bits. The bitwise shift operator >> is used to move all values in
20873: This Python script creates an empty list and then appends each element of the input sequence to it, resulting into another one that is identical but reversed
20874: This function takes in an input string and converts it to snake case. It then splits the resultant String into individual elements using underscore
20875: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns the same output as if it was run on that specific data. It's essentially doing what is done
20876: This Python script splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, and then checks if it's first element is equal to
20877: This Python function calculates the number of "moving" squares on an n x m grid. The moving square is defined as any four adjacent cells
20878: This Python script splits the version string into major, minor and patch components using '.' as separator keeping empty values if any present in between them
20879: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with tuples from the dictionary 'patches'. The keys of these dictionaries are used
20880: This function takes an integer score as input and returns the result of subtracting by half from it. The operation is performed using floor division, which disc
20881: Checks the order of conditions in an IF statement. If all are met, returns true; otherwise false or one condition is not satisfied/not evaluated
20882: This line of the Python script checks whether filter size inputted by user or function argument isn't an integer type and raises error message in such case
20883: This function checks whether the string 'c' is empty or not. If it’s an indentation block, remove its leading and trailing
20884: This function checks whether the value is present as key of dictionary 'values' and returns its corresponding “value”. If not, it simply return
20885: If the input 'friend name' isn’t of type string then it returns “tryagain”. Otherwise return hello with user entered data
20886: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20887: This Python function converts the given number of 'Seconds' into its equivalent in terms on different time units. The result is returned as an array
20888: This Python script splits each string on the equals sign and stores it in two separate variables as keys/values pairing them together with an equal symbol
20889: This Python script creates JSON objects from the given dictionary of shapes, based on their type and attributes such as center coordinates or width/heights if they
20890: This Python function converts the input string to an integer if possible. If not it returns as is and converted into its equivalent type in case of strings
20891: This Python function replaces certain characters with their unicode equivalents. It does so by iterating over the input string 's'. If it enc
20892: This Python function splits the given string into parts based on "/", then checks if it contains 'apiFilter' in certain positions, returns part after
20893: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the state of each person from 'members' document. The keys are names, values - their
20894: This Python script extracts the first value of 'Item Type' from each dictionary within list if it exists; otherwise returns `None` as default case
20895: This function returns the interpolated values of three variables '(x, y)' based on two given vectors and one parameter t. The parameters are normalized
20896: This script tries to parse the command line arguments. If there is only one argument provided it checks whether that string can be converted into an integer or not
20897: This Python function returns the list of dictionaries, where each dictionary contains information about an individual data record. The keys are named according to their meaning and
20898: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named 'score' and then iterates over the list of tuples provided by variable "matches". For
20899: If x is an object with attribute _mpp_, return the maximum absolute value of that. Otherwise just take its magnitude or size as it was before
20900: Creates an IAM policy with the given binding specification.  The output is in JSON format and includes only "policyName" field which can be
20901: This Python function calculates the fuel efficiency of an object given its mass and speed, in terms per hour as input parameters; it uses these to calculate
20902: Returns an HTTP response with status 'OK' and the key/value pair in JSON format. The value is derived from input parameters or default values if
20903: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20904: This line of Python script returns the last part after splitting an input string by "." character, which is commonly used to get file extension in filename handling
20905: Returns an object with type 'equal' and two expressions as its properties.  The first expression is the left hand side of comparison while second one on
20906: This Python script calculates the difference between each element of an input list and its previous one using simple arithmetic operations on lists with builtin functions like
20907: This Python function converts an integer to floating point number and then calculates the angle in degrees. The input value should be converted from semicyll
20908: This Python script merges two dictionaries into one, using the 'merge' operation and then returns it as output in dictionary format with keys from both
20909: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20910: This Python function calculates the polynomial regression of 'y' based on input data points, where each point is represented by its corresponding value from list `
20911: This function takes an integer number and the desired padding as input, pads it with zeros to reach length.  It returns string representation of padded
20912: This Python script creates an empty list called "preference" and then iterates over the 'sensor' variable which is supposed to be holding all
20913: This Python function takes three parameters - 'element', which is assumed to be in the format "YY/MM", and two other variables ('raind
20914: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'X' exists or not, and converts it to an array using Numpy library in case of
20915: Code: Creates and populates dictionaries with data from .txt files, then writes these to JSON file using json module in Python 3;
20916: This Python function splits the string "f" into segments using "/", then takes second segment as 'Station' and further divides it by "_
20917: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'i' and ‘j’ are equal. If they do, it increments counter by one
20918: If the input "text"'s value isn’t defined, return it as such and otherwise replace all instances of & with ‘and‌
20919: This line of the given Python script joins all types in 'members' list and returns them as string separated by comma with space between each type name or
20920: This line of the Python script adds two elements from an array 'stamp'. The first element is added to second, and then it multiplies result
20921: If the given range of values exists then it will be used to scale down or up. Otherwise if type specified otherwise sliders are shown by default;
20922: If the input 'Flag' isn’t set, return none; otherwise convert to lower case and check whether it equals either “On” or
20923: This function calculates the time intervals between two points in an array. It checks if 'Interval Length' and ‘Number of Interval’
20924: This function returns the value of 'val' but, in case it is less than zero,'it will be set to zeroval'. Otherwise just
20925: This program sorts the start and finish times of all given lecture rooms. It then counts how many room overlaps there are between each pair to determine total
20926: If the alternative week is B1, return 'B2', else it returns back to default. – Code snippet that changes from one
20927: This Python script splits the string "s" into separate strings using "-", and then it joins these separated substrings back together with an empty space
20928: This line of the function returns an integer that is created by shifting left four bits and then adding to another value. The result will be used in some
20929: This Python script creates an empty list, then splits the input string into individual terms using split() function and checks if each term is 'cve
20930: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in which an object can be placed, given its width and height. The center point is at ((x+
20931: This function returns the state of an 'is open' variable. If `n` equals 0, it will return whether or no there are any
20932: Generates the filename of an archive file by appending to it with some information about how many times that function has been called and what cycle number is
20933: This function returns the result of hi divided by low, multiplied with lower.  It's an example to show how Python can be used in
20934: If the value of 'c' is zero, return original values. Else shift and mask to fit in range with bitwise operations on unsigned integers
20935: This function checks if the parameters are within specified range, with an error tolerance of epsilon/delta value defined by 'tol'. If any parameter
20936: This Python script converts the input string to all lowecase, replaces spaces with hyphens and removes specific content strings from both ends of it
20937: This function calculates the distance between two points represented as tuples. If both inputs are dictionaries with keys 'X' & ‘Y
20938: This Python function takes an input list 'a' and returns the same output as it does not use any additional data structures other than what are required by
20939: This Python function calculates the ratio of two values based on given conditions, which is equivalent to calculating sines and cosine in trigonometric functions
20940: A dictionary of simulated power law and oscillating functions.  The first function simulates the Power Law distribution with an exponent given by exp in its parameters
20941: This Python function takes as input an iterable, and returns the cubes of each element it contains using list comprehension instead to generate output sequence directly
20942: If 'k' is zero then return one. Otherwise call the function with arguments as follows -> "falling"(number minus One,"K"
20943: This function checks whether the first word of each string in an array starts with 'return' or not, and returns True/False accordingly based on that
20944: This Python function checks if an input string starts with any of the specified options, excluding those defined by 'filter'. It also ensures that no other
20945: This line of Python function checks if two lists are equal. It does so by comparing the corresponding elements from both input sequences and returns True only when they
20946: This function takes in raw string and returns the same input with all double quotes removed.  It uses Python's builtin functions to achieve that task
20947: This Python function converts hexadecimal string to integer. If the second character of input is 'x', it will convert from base x;
20948: This function calculates the number of elements in each interval and multiplies it by absolute difference between two intervals. The result is an estimate to be used
20949: This line of the function returns x divided by 'base value' and then multiplied with ten. The result is returned as percentage, ie.,
20950: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The result is returned as output from that specific calculation performed by it, which
20951: This script converts the number to binary and pads it with leading zeroes. The padded version of num is returned as output in R language using
20952: This Python script splits the given URI into two parts based on "://". If it's not an absolute or relative HTTP, HTTPS
20953: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each window of the input 'windows' and extends its range to be included within our final
20954: This function checks if the inputs are of type 'Int' and returns their combined values. If any input is not an integer it will throw error message
20955: This line of the given Python script returns two lists from an input dictionary. The first list is "reactant" and second one, 'product'.
20956: If the first two elements of 'pads' are both ‘zero’, reverse their order. Otherwise return original list as is in Python programming
20957: If the hostname of client is equal to server, return true; otherwise check whether it starts with '.' followed by same as in second part or
20958: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list depending on context and usage scenario respectively
20959: This function calculates the ratio of two variables, but it uses trigonometric functions to calculate some terms. The result is then returned as an output
20960: This Python function takes as input an iterable of strings, checks if each string starts with '""' ('double quotes'), ends by the same way
20961: This line of Python script calculates the number or milliseconds in one day. It multiplies all these factors together to get an answer, which
20962: If the PESQ score is exactly at or above four point five, return one; otherwise calculate and then divide by ten to get an average of
20963: This function converts the given unit of measure from one to another. It uses dictionaries mapping strings representing different scales in SI base ten system and their
20964: This function takes as input an object of dictionaries where each dictionary has only one key with multiple values; it then returns the same data structure but structured
20965: This Python function checks if the input string is an IPv6 address by splitting it into 8 groups of four hexadecimal digits, and
20966: If the data from 'first step' is equal to that of "current" then return false, else it returns whether or not there was an increase
20967: This Python function checks whether the input y can be considered as either an integer array/dictionary. If it's not then return false else count
20968: This Python function splits an input string by underscores and replaces any empty strings with the character '_'. The result is then joined back together
20969: This line of the given Python script normalizes and scales feature data. It then shifts it to have zero means, with unit standard deviation or 'std
20970: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer. The value is calculated by shifting bits to right four positions and then adding it with another part
20971: This Python function calculates the number of micrograms per unit in one sample. The input is concentration and volume/size which are multiplied by
20972: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters, where one parameter is dependent only upon two others and another depends solely onto them in
20973: This Python script splits lines of text into URLs and DOIs using the 'if' statement to check whether they contain specific strings or not;
20974: If the system fails or cannot connect with an onboarding team, it will return 'Failed To Bind' and nothing else.  This is
20975: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20976: This Python script creates an empty Set, then adds each element of the input list to it and finally returns all elements from that collection as they are now
20977: Implemented the function to calculate distance between two points in 3D space. The implementation uses Pythagoras' theorem and calculates
20978: This Python function calculates the value of an investment with compound interests. It checks whether 'investment' is within valid parameters or raises error otherwise it
20979: This script sets the figure size to be twice as large and scales it up by setting an appropriate scaling factor before resizing with PIL's Image
20980: This Python function performs different operations based on the value of 'mode' and returns an image. If `mod` is set to “pp”
20981: Return '+' or '-', depending on the value of `indicator`. If it is equal to one, returns "+ 0", otherwise
20982: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
20983: Attempts to access an object' s property, but if the key is not found it raises and exception.  The callers name will be
20984: If the input value 'is of type'list', convert each element to millimeter using inch function and return as new List else check whether it’
20985: This Python script converts binary sequence to its equivalent decimal form using bitwise operations and list comprehension – one line solution available with the help of
20986: This Python script prints out the PDB ID, number of articles and reviews associated with each one. The output is tabulated as per your request using
20987: This Python function takes two vectors and computes the normalized sentiment score. The input is vectorized by treating each element as an individual entity in one of
20988: This function takes an array of strings and returns the first string in that list, followed by its length. If there is no such thing as "instance
20989: This function calculates the population growth of an organism based on its initial number and returns it as percentage change in terms per year, considering various factors
20990: This piece of Composable Code is used to check if the current project's Group ID and Artifact Id are either equal ("org/jet
20991: This Python function multiplies two lists by multiplying the second element of each pair and then concatenating all results into one list which is returned as output
20992: This function checks if the VLAN ID is within valid ranges. It returns True or False based on whether it's between [VLI](
20993: This Python function checks the parity of x, y and z. If their sum is greater than one then it returns true else false; otherwise return
20994: This Python function takes in an input string that represents the time window specification and splits it into three parts - prefixes of hours ("hour", "
20995: This Python function splits the given string into four different variables based on '.' character and returns them in that order as tuple of values which is also
20996: This function takes in two parameters, 'str' and an integer. If the inputted str is less than or equal to its specified size ('lim
20997: This Python script checks the string 'STR' at each position of an array. If it matches with that particular substring from start to end indexed
20998: This function takes two arguments, "keyword" and returns the keyword dictionary with specified values.  The 'keywords' are not used in any part
20999: This script is used to create an initial state and final states of the reaction.  The reactant's are set as 'initial', while product
21000: This Python function takes in an input string, removes all parentheses and commas from it using the replace() method of strings with no parameters provided
21001: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21002: This function returns the app and its type as formatted string.  The formatting is done by using Python's built in .Format method on strings
21003: This Python function takes an interval in minutes and converts it to hours & min. If the result is less than one hour then returns as string with
21004: Copies the values of dictionary 'b' to another new one named "c". If there are any keys with more than 10 characters long
21005: This Python script uses regular expressions to search the string and return 'job id'. If no such pattern is found, it returns "None".  The
21006: If the difference between two keys is exactly equal to one, return value of '1'. Else it returns zero and third case handles else part which
21007: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and adds them up. The result is then returned as an integer
21008: This function checks the keys of an object to see whether they are either 'after pulse' OR any string that isn’t empty but contains at least
21009: Returns true if the current status is equal to given input.  Else, it returns false or an error message depending on what type of exception was
21010: This Python script calculates the square root of 'num' using an iterative method. The loop continues until sqrt(n + √m
21011: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the length of each sublist within alist. The result is returned as another nested structure
21012: This Python function uses bitwise shifting to find the largest power of 2 that is less than or equal 'n'. It starts with an initial value
21013: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each 'entry' from the given input data ('entries'). For every iteration it z
21014: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'length' of "quad", appending to it each sublists containing two elements
21015: Code checks whether the Refundables Payment Tax Credit feature applies and calculates its value based on input parameters; otherwise it sets rptc to
21016: This Python script creates an object with the keys "statu" and data. The value of 'staut' is set to be equal as `
21017: If the variable "y" exists with attribute levels or shape of “two dimensions” but more than one column in its level/attribute set;
21018: This line of the given Python script is returning all elements in 'input\_word' list except first one. It does not include any specific word from
21019: This Python script is used to flatten the given 3D matrix into one dimension. The function 'flat_list' takes as input an object
21020: This function checks the type of x and returns one out 3 possible values. If 'X' is mechanical, it will return Mechanic; else
21021: This Python function calculates the hours from decimal representation of time in seconds and returns it as an integer value along with minutes/seconds values within that hour
21022: This function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing its predictions with actual values. It returns 'accuracy' as Float which is between [
21023: This line of the Python function returns RGBA values by dividing each color channel in an image with its maximum value(s). The result is normalized
21024: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
21025: This line of the script removes all percent signs from an input string.  It is used to clean up data before performing any calculations or analysis on it
21026: This function returns the first element of an array.  It's simple and efficient, but it doesn’t handle nonarray inputs or empty arrays
21027: This python script calculates the destination index and location based on an inputted 'int' value. The function takes in four parameters - two of which
21028: This function returns the string R"()", where {} is replaced by region id and .is added at end.  The formatting of output will
21029: If the name of an 'input' field is equal to children, it will output child ids.  [...]   end Code::end;
21030: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an approximation to π using Euler's number ε. The value is calculated by div
21031: If the input 'value' exists and its length does not exceed maximum limit, return it as per requirement. Otherwise truncated to specified size by returning
21032: This line of the given Python script checks if "run" dictionary contains key 'workflow_Id' and its value is equal to 12
21033: This line of Python function returns the result by adding 1 to its input. It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do anything useful
21034: This Python script is used to compare two lists of floating numbers and return the difference between their lengths if they are not equal or else it returns “
21035: This line of the Python script converts an input string that represents percentage values to their decimal equivalent, removing any percentages and returning it as floating point
21036: This function returns the current state of "A". It does not take any parameters and simply outputs its value. 1st line is an example output
21037: If the input is less than or equal to 1, it returns '0' followed by ':', and then zeroes. Otherwise ->
21038: This line of Python function checks if two lists are identical. It returns True only when both arrays have the same length and at each corresponding index they contain
21039: This Python script splits the input string into an array of lines, strips trailing whitespace from each line and then joins them back together with new
21040: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the first one that is missing from another by adding unique items to it if they are present only
21041: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on whether the first argument is greater than, less then and equal to second. If they
21042: This Python function takes an amount in dollars and centavos as input. It returns the same value but formatted to two decimal places using '$'
21043: This function checks if the first argument of its call matches 'clean'. If it does then sets an interception flag to true. The rest arguments are
21044: Checks if the dialect of an AWS Athena query is 'AWSAT' or not. If it matches, returns True; otherwise False
21045: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Code is used in another program that calculates and displays areas
21046: This line of the Python script checks if any part in 'section' string ends with either "Support" OR “Modules”, and returns
21047: A dictionary is created with the keys as names and values are dictionaries containing properties. The number of entries depends on 'total' variable which represents how
21048: This function takes an integer value and returns the equivalent time in hours/mins format. The result is formatted as 'HHH':'MM'.
21049: This Python function returns the result of multiplying two vectors by their dot product. The first element in each input list is multiplied with its corresponding second
21050: This Python function combines two lists by alternatingly popping elements from the first/second input until one of them is empty, then appending all
21051: This line of Python script is assigning the value 'results[\'by\'], which represents "the author", to variable named `name`.
21052: This line of the given C++ program is used to perform an AND operation between 'n' and its bitwise NOT operator. The result will be
21053: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by 'Rt' and then returning that value. The constant is defined as "RT"
21054: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21055: This function takes two integers as input and returns the result of multiplying them together by 10 plus one. The first integer is multiplied with
21056: This Python function adds two square 3x4 matricies. If the input is not valid, it raises an error message "Dimensions do
21057: This function is used to calculate the number of ways in which 'k' items can be chosen from an infinite set with repetition allowed. The condition
21058: This function calculates the sum of six resistance values based on input parameters. The inputs are "w", which is an angular frequency, and other parameter
21059: This function takes two characters as input, finds the first and last occurrence of these in an array/string respectively using Python's builtin 'str
21060: This function takes two sets of coordinates as input and returns the cross product between them. The result is another set with three elements representing vectors in 3
21061: This Python function checks whether the variable 'limit' is equal to zero. If it isn’t then returns z divided by ‘X'. Otherwise
21062: If the input is 'aromatic' with value of N, return type as defined in variable `bondType`. Else when it has
21063: This Python function raises two exceptions when the input parameters are invalid. The first exception is raised whenever 'N' or ‘k’ value less than
21064: This Python script copies the given 'dictionary' and then deletes any key/value pairs where either of them are `None` or an empty
21065: This loop will run until the number of iterations reaches or exceeds 'milstone'. The learning rate is multiplied by factor "gamma" at each iteration
21066: This line of Python script returns only the elements from 'hashList' that are also present within another list called "serverBlocks".  It uses
21067: This Python script creates an array of lists by taking the rows from input and then "transposing" them. The width is determined using length as keys
21068: If the first argument of command line isn't true then it will raise an assertion error with no arguments and no messages or args; otherwise...
21069: This Python script is used to extract the ids of all entities within an event' responses from Twitter API and store them as list named 'Brackets
21070: This Python function takes an argument 'targ' and splits it into key/value pairs using the ':'. If there is more than one colon
21071: This Python function checks the input symbol and returns its corresponding game result.  It uses an 'IF' statement to check whether or not it is equal
21072: This script checks the environment variables to determine whether it's running under complete or ZSH modes, then performs some actions based on that information using conditional
21073: This is an implementation of the binary representation in python. It counts how many bits are set to one and zeroes, respectively., which makes it useful
21074: A dictionary that represents the structure of an object in JSON format. The keys are Type and Title; Value is another Dictionary with Keys as Headers
21075: This Python script prints the message "adustment of framrange" and then adjusts some settings in an object called 'expectetd
21076: This Python function calculates the value of an integer represented as binary vector. The length 'n' is determined by its input and it returns that number
21077: If 'X' equals zero, return value as Zero; else calculate and returns an approximation using given parameters in formula "c+((D−
21078: This Python function takes an input list and divides it into smaller lists of equal size specified by the 'chunkSize' parameter using slicing operation
21079: This script calculates the points and surfaces of tiles based on their noritng value. If northin is greater than or equal to one eighty
21080: This Python function checks whether the string 'y' is equal to some value, and returns true. If it isn’t ('n'), then false
21081: If the current 'None' value, it returns to its last known state. Otherwise return with an updated position and new sum of all elements in list
21082: This line of Python script creates an associative array or dictionary from two lists. The first list is used as the keys and second one to be associated
21083: This function calculates the extra space needed to store an integer value in bytes. It takes into account whether there is enough room left after subtracting from
21084: This function checks if the given string starts with "___" ("_____", etc.)  or ends in double underscores, but not both
21085: A function that calculates the factorial of an input number n. The result is stored in array 'f'. It uses dynamic programming to calculate each
21086: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of two bounding boxes. The result is returned as four numbers in order to represent these
21087: This Python function takes an integer as input, and returns the same number plus one or two depending on its value. If it's between [K
21088: This function checks whether the input string starts with either 'www.', ‘/’ ,'//', and then returns it as is otherwise pre
21089: This line of Python script calculates the square root using Pythons built in sqrt function from 'math' module and returns it as result,
21090: Compare the 'follower count' of two users and return which one has more followers. If they have equal number, it returns either user randomly chosen
21091: This function checks whether the given string is less than 10 characters long and starts with 'TMP'. If it does, then returns true.
21092: This Python function calculates the ratio of document length to number documents, and then checks if that value is greater than or equal 8/3 *
21093: This function calculates the nth number in an arithmetic series. The first three numbers are hardcoded, and then it uses binary exponentiation
21094: This line of the Python function returns parentheses around its input.  It's used to format output in some contexts, such as logging or
21095: This script is used to train an RNN based on the given parameters. The training process involves feeding in sequences of data and then adjusting weights using
21096: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within matrix bounds, then it verifies that there is either an empty space ('') to place another piece of
21097: This function returns the corresponding value of 'scale' based on its input. The values are mapped to their respective percentages from zero upwards, with
21098: Code to create list of dictionaries with keys "resource" and "metadata". Each dictionary contains metadata about one remote file.  Metadata includes the
21099: Checks if two sites are the same, with regard to their wire connections.  If so it returns True; otherwise False is returned."
21100: Code explanation of the above Python script.  Explain what each part does, especially in relation to your previous task' output and any other relevant information
21101: Removes the initial character of string and replaces underscores with dots in Python scripting language, returns modified/cleaned up versionsion number
21102: This script splits the given string into parts based on different symbols and returns one of them as output, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace
21103: This line of Python script combines two dictionary objects into one. The combined object is returned as the result from function call "return".  It uses double
21104: Generates the Twitter link to share status with user on Tweeter using given parameters – $(var, var). This is done by returning
21105: This Python function checks the length of an input string, and then either converts it to integer or splits into two parts with uppercase first part
21106: This Python script is used to find all the projects that have DOI matching with provided one." --> Code Summary <---   ##
21107: This Python function calculates the ratio of positive to negative samples in an image. It takes as input two lists, pos and neg which represent respectively posit
21108: This line of the function returns an absolute path to 'results/models' directory in your system where you can find model pickle file named as `
21109: This line of the Python function returns square value from list 'x'. The index 0 is used to access first element in python. Indexes are
21110: This function checks if the coordinates of an object are within its defined bounds. If they're not, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
21111: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
21112: This Python function calculates the output of three different equations based on input variables 'xy', and returns their values. The equation is as follows -
21113: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the same length as adjacency list, then it iterates over each element and assign its count
21114: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
21115: This Python function returns the priority, cost and estimated time to deliver an object based on its type. It uses conditional statements in order determine which category it
21116: This Python function uses the queue data structure to search through nested dictionaries and lists recursively until it finds an object with specified 'key'. It then
21117: This Python function calculates the total health points of an object based on its attributes and returns it as per given conditions in problem statement, ie.,
21118: This function returns the values of variables based on an input number. The return statement is using conditional statements to determine which value should be returned and what other
21119: If the length of 'Line' is less than one, return false; split Line into two parts at space and assign second part to First word otherwise
21120: This function returns the path to yp competitors data file in JSON format, which is assumed as 'youtube/static' directory within your project root
21121: This line of the script checks whether 'labels' variable contains lists and converts it to string format using map function with str stripping applied on each
21122: This Python function reverses the bits of an integer. It uses bitwise shifting to achieve that, and also keeps track how many times it has loop
21123: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an input array. It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then converts it back into
21124: This function checks if the units of quantity are equal to given dimension in Python scripting language using 'try' and ‘catch’ block, returning
21125: Removes all instances where the cell ID is 'Group' from given `linto`.  The resultant output will be in form of new
21126: This function checks if the point is within or on any of four rectangle's sides. The coordinates are given in two dimensions, with each dimension represented
21127: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and uppercases all characters after an underscore ("_" character). If there is no underline
21128: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in parameters 'b' and returns their sum divided by twice, which is equivalent to calculating
21129: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on whether the first argument is greater than, less then and equal to second. If they
21130: A 3D array filled with [-1]s of size rows x columns. This is done using list comprehension and the 'range' function
21131: Maximum Page Request Rate Exceeds. – Code Error Message on Website, HTML Response with specific message to user about their action and how they
21132: This function calculates the distance from point to center of circle using Euclidean Distance formula and then applies some mathematical operations on it, finally returning that
21133: If the string is less than 3 characters, it returns itself. Otherwise - does nothing and simply ignores that parameter as an argument to function call
21134: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21135: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two given values, which is used to set up and adjust settings in another part or module
21136: This function replaces "-" characters with parentheses in the input string, but only if they are surrounded by dashes ("-" character(s
21137: This function sorts the results list in ascending order based on "Message ID".  It uses lambda to specify that it should sort by 'r
21138: This function returns the string 'Expected behavior' followed by whatever message is passed to it.  It does not do anything with that input, so no
21139: This Python script splits the string 's' into individual word and returns its length which is also known as number of unique tokens in it, i
21140: This line of the given Python script is creating an array from 'data' with field as key and sorting it in descending order based on value
21141: This function calculates the value of y in terms with respect to x using Newton's method. The formula is derived from an equation that describes how
21142: Code checks the condition of two values being within 0.9% difference in x, y coordinates respectively on an axis with length 'a' using
21143: If there is only 'one' or no bottles left in total. Else if we have two remaining bottels then say that many and take them
21144: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
21145: This Python script creates an accumulator list by summing the elements of two consecutive positions from 'Report'. The result is then returned as output which can
21146: This function checks if the variable is an empirical distribution. It returns True or False based on whether it's type matches 'empirical'.
21147: This line of the script copies all parameters from one dictionary to another, then it multiplies each parameter by its range and adds or subtracts an
21148: This line of Python script attempts to convert the second element in each row, if it's not an integer or is 0 then return false else
21149: This Python function is used to calculate the new value of an existing risk index based on sold assets. The input parameters are "policy", which contains information
21150: If the value of mbit is less than warning, it returns '1', else checks whether its greater or equal to critical. In both cases return
21151: This function checks whether the input 'str' type. If it isn’t then convert to string and return as per requirement else do nothing or give
21152: This line of Python script returns the string without any non ASCII characters by using list comprehension and is asscii() method to check each character
21153: This Python function calculates the mean value from an input list 'A'. If A is not provided, it returns zero. Also if there's
21154: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value that is one more than its input. The '+' operator adds 0 to ensure it
21155: This function takes in two lists of items and their corresponding similarity values. It then calculates the total number similarities by adding up all these individual sums
21156: This line of Python script returns the same result as your original, but uses list comprehension instead to make it more concise and readable by some
21157: This Python script converts the list of numbers into strings. The output is then formatted as "<variable> <--> 'c([list_of
21158: If the first dimension of `origianl size` is greater than or equal to second, it returns dimensions with width and height multiplied by ratio
21159: This line of the given Python script checks whether or no, an ongoing system call has completed successfully by checking that 'process' object exists but its exit
21160: This Python function generates and returns an ordered list of numbers starting from the value in 'stop' up to but not including, with each number being calculated
21161: This function returns the first 'N' numbers of Fibonacci sequence. If N is not valid it will raise an exception and if number
21162: A function that checks whether the letters of ransome Note can be created from given magazines.  If yes, it returns True; otherwise False
21163: This Python function checks if there are any common elements between two sets. If so, it returns True; otherwise false based on the condition provided in problem
21164: This Python function calculates the maximum value of an array 'x' and multiplies it by ‘(1–color control’). The result
21165: This line of Python script calculates and returns an average value from population size. The result is then used as input to another function that performs some kind
21166: This line of the Python function checks if 'num' is an integer. It returns True only when it meets these conditions, otherwise False will be returned
21167: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers based on their frequencies in an array, and returns zero when there are no elements to calculate from as
21168: This line of the Python script converts an argument to lowercase and checks if it is one among four predefined responses, returning True or False
21169: This function returns the number of days in February given an inputted 'month' and current/last calendar Year. If it is January or December then
21170: This Python script reads an 'input string', splits it into lines, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each of the resulting strings using list
21171: This python function is used to get the list of medias associated with each specific id from 'rooms' table, it takes an argument which represents "
21172: Calculates the relative error between two models' performance metrics.  The result is normalized by dividing it with model1 before and after training to get
21173: This Python script filters the list of header names based on whether they start with "ab" and/or “ion”, then returns those that
21174: This Python script deletes certain entries from the 'Usage' list based on whether or not they contain an entry with "Monday". It also keeps
21175: This Python script sorts the list of strings in alphabetical order. The result is then joined into one string and returned as output from function "sort
21176: This function sorts the list of stats values in descending order based on their 'Flow' attribute and returns it as output – ie., most
21177: This function takes two dictionaries as input, parameter and override data from the user or another source; merges them into one dictionary in Python 3
21178: This is an example of how to implement the cache in python. It's not about caching anything, but it does something that can be cached
21179: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
21180: This script replaces the closing tag of <summaries with an additional div around it to make them stand out more when viewed on screen, and
21181: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters x, y and z with additional parameter t which is not used in calculation but included
21182: A function that returns the reference and Hostname of an object.  The output is in JSON format with two keys - 'function' &amp;
21183: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21184: This line of Python script calculates the value to be returned by an API call, which is then multiplied with another number and finally rounded off at
21185: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into an Integer, but if it fails due some error like 'Value Error', then tries replacing zeroes
21186: This function checks if the string contains any of two special characters, either '.' or ?.  If it does then returns True else False; otherwise
21187: This function checks whether the number 'n' is divisible by another given integer, returning either "True" or “False”. The mod
21188: This Python function calculates the desired quantity based on its 'nature' parameter. It uses an elif statement to check different conditions and returns corresponding values accordingly
21189: This function searches an element in the array. If it's greater than its previous, then return index of that number plus one; else check whether
21190: This Python function calculates the perceived brightness of an RGB color by taking into account both its maximum and minimum values, then dividing it with halfway
21191: This function returns the string 'Universal' followed by an underscore and then universe id.  It is used to create unique identifiers in
21192: This Python function converts the given units of measurement. It takes an 'input' in either percentage ('%') and returns its equivalent as decim
21193: This function performs an XOR operation on the four inputs. The first two are used to create one new output and then that is again applied as input
21194: This line of the Python script is returning two concatenated strings. The first one starts with 'pixels_' and ends after an underscore
21195: This Python script converts the first character of each word in string s to uppercase.  It then returns these characters as one long line with no
21196: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain weights to its components and then combining them with some constants, which is commonly used
21197: This function calculates the output of an optical system based on its input parameters. The formula is derived from some known properties and it's used to
21198: Checks whether the given dictionary contains any configurations that match with 'configurations' and returns true/false accordingly based on it – only checks
21199: This function calculates the values of 'x' and '-r', which are used in an equation. If ε is less than half its recip
21200: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime. It firstly, it returns false when given negative numbers or zeroes; then after that only
21201: If the list 'cvals' is empty, return true. Otherwise it returns less than minimum value in that array/list – Python Code Sn
21202: This Python function converts the input list of dictionaries into JSON format using string concatenation and replace functions to escape special characters like ',' or [
21203: This Python function checks the HTTP request verb and returns an appropriate string based on it, or defaults to 'POST' when no specific action was provided by
21204: This line of the given Python script calculates adjusted R^squared value. The formula is derived from ordinary least squares regression, and it adjusts
21205: This script calculates the number of full, partial or fractional whole and fractions parts in an input time duration. The result is then printed out
21206: This Python script checks whether the first word of each sentence in an input text is "return". If it finds one, then returns true; otherwise false
21207: This function checks if the given string ends with '.', then it returns another version of that same endings but without trailing dots, except when they
21208: This line of the program calculates how much heat is needed to cook one liter bottle if it contains 'vesel' liters and each Vessel
21209: This Python script returns the number of unique users who clicked on any link. It does so by creating sets from user IDs and then getting their length
21210: This line of Python script returns the reversal or reverse order sequence.  It uses built in function "". join() "" to combine all elements into
21211: This function calculates the temperature correction factor based on cubic and quadratic terms in an inputted value of 'temperature'. The formula is derived from experimental data
21212: This line of the given Python script multiplies each element in 'tuple' by ‘factor’. The result is returned as output from function
21213: This function checks whether the given three numbers can form an actual triangle.  It does so by checking that each number is less than or equal to its
21214: This function returns the string representation of an object with two variables. The first variable is 'number' and it has been incremented by one in each
21215: If the integer 'i' is greater than or equal to 0, return it. Otherwise throw an exception with message "Invalid input". Code sn
21216: This function checks if the string "Error," , “warning,” and 'error' are present in any of these three cases using regular expressions
21217: This Python function converts an integer to string, removes the question mark and then convert it back into floating point number using Z3 solver's
21218: Checks if the current token is ")" in Python. 1 line solution, no loops or conditionals used to check other tokens like '('
21219: This function finds the first occurrence of an underscore in 'Name' and returns its position if it exists, otherwise return '-'. If there is no
21220: This function returns the sum of two lines. It takes in 3 parameters, which are strings representing each individual row from an input file and adds them
21221: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'rules' that have scores greater than or equal to "minimum score". The result is
21222: If the variable "turn" does not exist, return none; otherwise replace all colons with slashes in string 'URN'. This function will be
21223: This Python function uses the 'record' keyword to create an object with multiple attributes and returns it as one line of output if all its field values are
21224: This function returns the path to an API endpoint. It takes in one parameter - base_urls and joins it with other paths based on its value
21225: This python script calculates the probability matrix from given input. The length of each row is equal to that column, and it also sums up all elements
21226: This line of the Python script is rearranging and capitalizing first character in string. The rest remains same, but only if it's not
21227: A dictionary is created with the keys "patient", which includes all necessary information about each individual. The values are empty lists, as we will be pop
21228: This Python function converts all lowercase letters to upper case using the builtin isloweer and toupper functions of python's str
21229: This function converts the protobuf message to string. It's used in serialization and deserializing of data using ProtoBuf library,
21230: Return the last character of string s.  This is equivalent to asking "What're you doing with your life?" in English, but written as
21231: Created dictionary with cluster information. 	Facts about the AWS EKS Cluster are stored in 'facts' variable as dictionaries,
21232: This function multiplies two numbers together. It checks the type of both inputs to determine which operation should be performed based on their types; otherwise it returns
21233: This function generates the tile name based on start and stop coordinates. The names are concatenated with underscores to form one string which is returned as
21234: This function splits the inputted strings into segments based on '.' and returns last segment if there is only one part left, otherwise it will return
21235: Checks if the sub string exists in given text. Returns True or False based on result of check – whether it is found within 's'.
21236: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two numbers, and returns it as an integer if possible or raises ValueError exception otherwise when there is
21237: This function checks the value of 'boolean' and sets '_verify\_ goals'. If it receives an invalid input, raises error.  Else
21238: This Python function checks the value of 'Z' and returns different results based on its values or properties using conditional statements in python language with an elif clause
21239: This Python function takes in three parameters and returns four values. The first two are calculated based on the input parameter 'state' while third is set to
21240: This function checks the status of an input. If it's true, returns 'passed'. Else when false or null/undefined then return failed
21241: This line of the given Python script checks whether an inputted value is less than zero. If it's true, then adds 360
21242: This Python function takes an input string of the form "domain", and returns it as lowercase, split into individual parts by dots ("."), pref
21243: This line of Python script returns the reverse order sequence.  It uses slicing to get elements from end till start in an array or list, which
21244: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21245: This Python function takes in the list of routes and returns all unique cities from those paths as output, separated by commas using lambda functions with map
21246: This Python function calculates the number of times one list is greater than another. It does so by comparing each pair from two lists and counting how many
21247: This line of Python script returns the input dictionary with an additional key/value pair. The new value is set to be 'one four seven' and
21248: This line of Python script copies the original dictionary, adds new key/value pairs to it and returns modified version as output – an example is given
21249: This program counts the number of ones in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to determine if each digit is one or zero, and then shifts right
21250: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an input list 'X'. It first computes and stores all elements' means, then subtracts
21251: This Python script implements the Adler32 checksum algorithm. It takes an input string, and returns its 8 bit hash value using ADL
21252: This Python function returns the WKT representation of geographic coordinates. The format is SRID = 0 means no spatial reference system and POINTS
21253: If the keyword argument 'kwards' is present, check whether it contains key word arguments with name of races and return list lowercased names without
21254: This line of Python function returns the binary representation as string.  It uses builtin python functions to convert integer into its corresponding Binary String and then
21255: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21256: If the number of values is zero, returns '0'. Else it checks whether there's only one value. In that case -> Returns
21257: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21258: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points given as input. The result is returned by tuple formatting with two elements - minimal
21259: This Python function returns an object with two properties. The first property is the name of one Band instance variable and its value set to 'band'. It
21260: This Python script counts the number of unique answers to questions asked by each member within an array, and then sums up all those totals that are equal
21261: This line of the script is extracting hour from time string and converting it to float type in Julia language using regular expressions matching method with optional groups "
21262: If the genes are on both strands, return false. Else check whether one of them is negative (-), but not another positive or zero value
21263: This script iterates over the dictionary 'data' and checks if each item has an attribute named ‘Source’ or any of its attributes are present
21264: This function splits the string by '.' and returns an array of substrings in that split sequence, with each substring being one part after splitting
21265: If the bearings is less than 0 degrees, it's not possible to determine its direction; otherwise check which quadrant of compass point you
21266: This line of the Python script converts all input to lowercase and checks if it is equal or contains 'True'. If so, returns True;
21267: Returns True if the command output is 'true'. This function checks whether or not an input string equals to true. 0/1, yes /
21268: This function takes an input list of dictionaries and returns the text values from each dictionary as strings, joined by commas. If no such value exists
21269: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
21270: This Python function calculates the value of 'r' based on whether it is in single or double mode, and then returns an expression that depends upon
21271: This Python function checks the value of 'val' and returns different values based on its content. If it is one among four specific strings, then return
21272: If the prefix is not in 'path', then it returns all elements after len of "prefixt" from 0 to length. Otherwise,
21273: A Python dictionary is created to store the data from an object. The keys are variant, display name and combined score while there's also option of
21274: This program generates the Fibonacci sequence up to n using an array. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', which is used
21275: This Python function calculates the exponential of any number. If exponent is zero it returns one otherwise recursively calls itself with reduced value until its time to
21276: Prints the value of x. The format function is used to insert values into strings in Python'd manner using placeholders {}. This line prints
21277: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21278: Returns the corresponding number based on input string. If no match, returns -98 or something similar to indicate an error condition in your program's
21279: This Python function checks if an input string "alarm name," contains any of the specified patterns, which are commonly used in monitoring systems to identify critical
21280: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the result of formatting them into one string. The first two are used as partials to formulate an
21281: This Python function matches the regular expression "name_format". It takes in one argument, which should be an input string that follows 'firstName'-
21282: This Python function uses Depth First Search algorithm on the graph represented as an Adjanceny list and returns nodes visiting order based off of that search
21283: Split the line into 3 parts at index [0,4] and store them in variables. The first part is "tokens" which
21284: This Python function calculates the maximum time an operation can take based on its file size. The calculation is done in seconds and rounds to nearest whole number
21285: This function returns the result of dividing its input by one megabyte. It does so in an efficient manner and with minimal computational overhead,
21286: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to '(number -  4)' that are multiples or divisors. It
21287: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and iterates over the list of environment variables using 'for' loop; if any variable is found to be non
21288: If the user selects an index within range of available canisters. Return whether that is true or false along with their selected name from list if it
21289: This is an example of how to create a rectangle in Python using the Turtle graphics module.  The coordinates are given as parameters and it draws
21290: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21291: This function takes in an URL and returns the final segment of that url. It does so by splitting up into segments using "/" as separator then
21292: This Python function converts an RGB color to grayscale. It does so by dividing each of the three components, rounding them and then
21293: This script converts the list of TimeFrame objects to dictionaries, which are then returned as lists by another function call within an outer scope that returns
21294: This line of Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the first word in an input string 'Command'. It also splits that into its
21295: This function checks if the string starts with "img:" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which is used to identify images in HTML
21296: This Python function calculates the ratio of unique functions to total number or formulas, which is equivalent with "unique" and "total". The count includes
21297: This line of Python script returns the string "myString", formatted with an underline.  The escape sequence \x9B is used to represent
21298: If the input argument has one element, check whether it's either of type 'list', ‘tuple’. In that case handle combined
21299: This function returns the value of 'staff shift' in dictionary "Sta" with key as input parameter and if it doesn’t exist then
21300: This function checks whether the given list of numbers represents either an empty array, or contains only one element. If it does not contain any elements at all
21301: Code: R0=(1+((3*x^7 - 9*(y + ~z)) / x ^ ~a * y
21302: This function tries to access an attribute of the object returned by eval() on either string or dictionary. If it fails due some reason like name not
21303: This function checks if the given object 'start' contains any sublist. If it does then return true else false or None depending on whether there are
21304: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the same number with leading zeros added if necessary. If no argument is provided, it defaults to
21305: If the input 'HParam' object isn’t provided then it returns none else checks whether its type matches with dictionary and return that as output otherwise
21306: This function checks if the string contains exactly two occurrences of character A. If it does, then return true; otherwise false is returned after checking
21307: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an updated version, or "list", that is all unique elements from both 'nxt' &
21308: If the input is an instance of str and ends with 'Data' or starts by one character after it, then return its value as string else raise
21309: This Python script generates an attribute list based on the input dictionary. The attributes are checked against their values using '@' symbol, with each value en
21310: This function adds the first two elements of an array, multiplied by x.  It's like adding and multiplying in one step but with
21311: Checks if two values are of different types and returns the result. (END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python`__code here``
21312: This Python function converts text to string or byte object depending on the type of input. If an error occurs during conversion, it decodes from utf
21313: This Python function calculates the total number of hits and returns their percentage. The formula is based on three different hit counts, each multiplied by its
21314: This Python function checks the first element of each tuple in an input list. If it finds one that matches with any value from given tuples then
21315: This Python function checks the value of 'guess' and returns different strings based on whether it is equal to, greater than or less.  The
21316: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21317: If both the absolute value of 'Best' solution is zero, then return "Zero". Else check whether Best*FeaSolution<zero
21318: This Python function reads two characters from the file 'f' and checks if they are equal to "<?xml" followed by "\xf3\
21319: Creates an empty dictionary with keys as 'flags' and values are always true. This is used to initialize the flag variables of some functions or classes
21320: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be either an integer or floating point number. If it’s not one of these two types
21321: This line of Python script returns the integer part from an 'input time' in milliseconds. It does so by dividing it with one thousand
21322: This Python script splits the given file/directory paths into their individual parts, and checks if any of these are either '.' ('current directory')
21323: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the files of each run type from different CSV's that match certain criteria, then returns
21324: This function checks if the year is leap. It returns true when it's divisible by four, but not every century unless also evenly divided
21325: This function replaces the first occurrence found by regular expression with another value within given strings and returns it as result; otherwise raises an error message depending on
21326: This Python function opens the specified path in read/binary and write modes using `open` builtin python method with error handling mechanism to catch any exceptions
21327: This Python function uses regular expression to match the given string and extracts three numbers from it in groups of 0'9'. The extracted values are
21328: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21329: This Python script is used to find the common elements in two lists by comparing them elementwise using an iterative approach with pointers 'I'
21330: This line of Python script returns the range from 0 to N, where 'n' is defined by user input. It creates and then outputs an
21331: This Python function implements the bitwise XOR operation. If both inputs are “zero” it returns one of two input values; otherwise performs an
21332: This Python function takes as input an array of 4D vector lists, and returns the resultant matrix by multiplying each element with its corresponding third
21333: If the configuration object does nothing or it's an empty dictionary then return none; otherwise extract and clean up configurations from nested dictionaries using recursion
21334: This Python script prints out the given parameters in tabular format with some blank spaces to make it more readable and neatly formatted as per requirements of
21335: This Python function calculates the maximum possible difference between two elements in an array A and another one from same indexed list/array 'B'. If
21336: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from each item of 'dictionary list' using "for" loop. The
21337: This python function calculates the left and right angles of an equilateral triangle given its center angle 'FOV' in degrees. The result is
21338: If the index is out of range, return zero. Otherwise get and returns value at that position in list 'version' as per given condition/rule
21339: This function checks if the data type of an object is either Float64, Complex13. If it does not match these two types
21340: If the input 'mix' has type boolean then return it. Else check whether its an instance of List with each element being Boolean; otherwise raise
21341: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings on new/unix style ('\\r' or '\t', 'L
21342: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two norms, which is commonly used in machine learning to measure similarity or distance among data
21343: This function returns the result of comparing two numbers. If they are equal, it will print "Equal" and if not then prints either one is greater
21344: This function calculates the index of an element in list based on its value and minimum width limit. It subtracts from it to get lower bound
21345: This function takes in two parameters - 'a' and ‘b’. If the first parameter is equal to string value of one or more characters
21346: This function checks the value of 'detector' and assigns an integer to variable `case` based on its values. If it doesn’t
21347: This function converts the first letter of an input string to its corresponding ASCII value, subtracts by one and then returns it. It'
21348: This line of Python function returns True if the string 'title' is found as either lowercase or upper case version, otherwise it will output False/
21349: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value by dividing ‘rate’ with 'one'. The result is then converted
21350: This Python function is used to convert the number of ansi escape sequence into its corresponding string. It takes in one parameter, which should be either '
21351: This script calculates the CPU usage of each container and returns it as dictionary with its corresponding host's names, which is calculated from 'containers
21352: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the list of its individual digit reversed in order from right to left, ie., it is
21353: This line of Python script adds two numbers and returns the result. The variables 'a' &amp;#x3D;&gt;" are added
21354: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
21355: This function returns the maximum of min and x if it is between two given numbers. Otherwise，it will just take one number from both sides to ensure
21356: This script loads an Iris dataset and saves it into the specified location in .hdf format using FLUX library's save function if such files
21357: This function checks whether two strings are the same. If they're equal, it returns true; otherwise false is returned and vice versa depending on
21358: If the 'label' parameter in function call isn’t provided it assign its value to variable "val" else use that.  Return an array
21359: This Python script uses regular expressions to find the first line that starts with "/store". If such an entry exists in 'path', it returns True;
21360: This function checks if the year is leap, i.e., it's evenly divided by four but odd to be perfectly devisable without
21361: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
21362: This Python script counts the number of True/True flags that match with given classes.  The 'class' is defined by user input, which should
21363: A dictionary that maps periods of time into their corresponding number. If the input is neither one nor any other value from these keys it raises an error with
21364: This function calculates the density of an object given its weight and surface area.  It's used in various fields such as physics, engineering or
21365: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that filters out unwanted interface names from an array.  The condition is checking whether each item within
21366: If the input is 'number' equals to one, it returns "one". Otherwise nothing. This function checks whether an integer value of any given variable
21367: This line of the function returns 'FO' if key is not found, otherwise it will get value from dictionary using given keys and convert to string then
21368: This function calculates the result of an equation based on input parameters x and y. The calculation is done in one line as per requirement, with only
21369: This line of the Python script checks if all characters in 'message' are uppercase letters and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which
21370: If the script has been run with either an inputted 'FUZZER' or ‘BENCHMARK’ parameter then it will
21371: If the string is less than 4 characters, it returns itself. Otherwise checks whether both initial two are digits; in that case recursively calls
21372: This function calculates the difference in time between two lines and checks if it exceeds some threshold. The thresholds are determined by "cutoffs"
21373: This line of the Python script checks if an address is within certain range. The addresses are hexadecimal and fall between two specific ranges defined by
21374: This Python script checks if the 'locations' list contains an object with certain properties. If it does, then assigns these values to start and
21375: This Python function splits the input string into individual word, removes any empty strings and returns them as list of results – one line version using List
21376: This Python function calculates the number of points within each segment defined by two coordinates on an input list 'diagram'. The output is another array,
21377: This Python function splits the URL into its components and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting by "/". The final element of that filtered array is
21378: This line of the script splits path into its components using "/" as separator. It then assigns these parts to variables, one by variable
21379: This script is used to extract the text from structured messages. It breaks down each section of an email into its respective parts and tags, then checks if
21380: If the word 'ChanCeOfRain' is NOT present as key, return an empty string. Else Return concatenation of value
21381: Code: The script is used to format the rule data into one line string. It takes in an array of rules, and formats each individual element
21382: This function takes in two parameters, `physiological` and 'logic'al. If the second parameter is equal to first one it returns its
21383: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from several dictionaries using nested loops structure which is then returned as the final output of function
21384: This function calculates and returns an array with probabilities that represent how likely it is to be in one particular position or location within some range, given certain
21385: This Python function checks if the input is equal to 'True' or not. If it isn’t, then returns false; otherwise true –
21386: This function attempts to close the connection, if it's open; otherwise does nothing and returns 'True'. If an error occurs during closing process then
21387: This Python function checks whether two lists are equal or not. If they're unequal it raises an error and returns the difference between corresponding elements from
21388: If the package name starts with 'com.facebookfb' and is followed by '/', then it returns True; otherwise False – based on whether
21389: This line of the Python script checks if 'file_name' ends with '.', and returns its negation, ie., it will be True
21390: This line of Python function converts the binary string to an integer. The 'int' builtin in python is used with two arguments - base and
21391: If the number is less than 10, it returns that same value. Otherwise nothing happens and continues to next line of program execution until end or
21392: If vectors v and w are not of equal lengths, raise an error.  This is to ensure that we're comparing elements at corresponding positions in
21393: This Python function performs linear and cubic spline fitting. It requires three arrays as input - one of the x values to be fitted against another two
21394: This script is used to extract the list of unique keys from 'model' and store them into another dictionary called "uniqueKeysDict". It also
21395: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
21396: This line of Python script returns the concatenation or "joining" all elements from an input list, with each element appended by 'suffix
21397: Checks if the string is palindrome. 1 line solution in Python using slicing and reversed() function, without any import statements or
21398: This Python function modifies the input number 'x' to be between [min_val; max_Val]. If x<= min val then
21399: This Python function counts the number of times 'seven' appears in all digits from left to right, when given an integer input. The digit
21400: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns two new list. The first element of the output is calculated by multiplying each corresponding elements in s
21401: This function checks whether two strings are equal or not, and returns either 'true' as float(or int), depending on the result of comparison between
21402: This Python function checks if two input strings are identical, excluding spaces between the characters and digits in each string but only when they start with an
21403: This line of the Python script checks if 'name' starts with "." and returns False, as it is an invalid filename in Unix/Linux
21404: This function is used to model the effect of light on an object at different times, with varying levels and speeds depending upon its time since it was em
21405: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
21406: This function returns True if the input is an empty string, False otherwise. It converts any nonempty strings to boolean values using Python's built
21407: Code checks whether the input JSON object `json_dict` has been correctly parsed as dictionary and then proceeds to clean it by removing empty values from nested
21408: A python function that converts byte values based on the given mapping dictionary and returns an output value as bytes object using bitwise operations to perform conversions
21409: This function takes in an input list, checks the length of that array. If it's ‘one’ element long then return its value else
21410: This Python script checks if the string contains certain keywords or patterns and returns true/false accordingly based on these conditions, such as invalid inputs ("%"),
21411: This Python function checks the type of 'fips' and converts it to string. If its not an integer or in form ['a',
21412: This script generates unique identifiers from the 'Hits' list and returns them as an array of strings, which is then used to create another dictionary
21413: This Python function finds three numbers that sum to the given number. It uses two nested loops and checks if each pair of these sums is equal with their
21414: This function returns the first word of an array, or empty list when there's only one element in that case. If it has more than
21415: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem,
21416: This function finds the start and stop indices of two strings in an input string, then returns all characters between these positions from that original sequence if they are
21417: This function calculates the maximum number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary format upto n digits using Python's builtin functions and
21418: Returns the string 'climatology' when model is DTC.  Otherwise, it returns an empty String or raises exception depending on context and
21419: Returns the keywords, description and other details of an object stored in 'search record' as dictionaries.  The returned dictionary contains all these information from
21420: This Python function takes as input an object of type "list" or string that contains numbers separated by dots (-). It returns the same output but with
21421: This Python function calculates the intersection area of two bounding boxes, given their coordinates in terms as dictionaries with keys "minX",	"max
21422: This function calculates the time in hours as per given formula, where 'h' is hour(s), and so on... The result will be
21423: If the first person is verified, then return negative one. Else check second's verification status; returns positive when it’ll be true that
21424: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it ends with "-j2cl", and then removes the last 4 characters to return something in
21425: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
21426: This Python function calculates the sum of three numbers. The first two are multiplied by 10 and then added to each other with an exponent
21427: This function takes an input string, splits it into individual "words" using the split method and then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting by
21428: This line of the given Python script returns "str()" function applied to sr dictionary's 'key name'.  It is converting string data type
21429: This function takes as input an iterable of lists and returns the flattened list. If no elements are present, it will return empty array instead
21430: This function checks the type of 'inpput data' and performs different operations based on its types. If it’s not any number or an
21431: This function generates an interpolated list of points between two given ones. The number and type parameters are used to determine the amount/type or size
21432: This function checks if every range of values is within the specified low and/or upper limit. If not it returns False else True – Code Summary
21433: This Python function generates an array of unique elements from the input list by checking if they are already present within another collection, effectively removing any duplicates and
21434: This function converts the first element of an iterable to another type. If it's not possible or doesn’t make sense in that context
21435: This function returns the string 'Hello, {name}' in Python.  It is used to greet someone by their names using an input parameter named `
21436: This Python function checks whether the input argument 'is an integer'. If it's true then returns that number as its own array. Otherwise - conver
21437: This function returns the price of an item based on its thickness, which is determined by 'Platethk' input parameter in kilograms and
21438: Prints the details of an Order.  The output will be in JSON format with keys as "Order" and values corresponding to input data like customer
21439: This line of the Python script calculates an inverse gamma distribution using Beta(a,b). The formula is derived from Gamma and Inverse
21440: This function swaps the values of two variables if their current value is less than each other. If not it returns them in original order as they are
21441: This script splits the 'libsvm' string into parts and checks if it is less than or equal to 2; If true then parses
21442: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of an array/list, which is achieved by iterating over each value within 'row
21443: If the first value is greater than second one then swap values of two variables.  This operation does not affect any other part in program after it completes
21444: If the string is empty, return false. Else check first character of str and see it'is one number from ‘{’ to `
21445: This function calculates the average latitude and longitudes of two points in space by taking their midpoint coordinates on Earth's surface as an approximation
21446: This Python function converts the command name to lower case, replaces hyphens and periods with underscores in order that it can be used as
21447: If the first three lines of an input file are empty, return false; otherwise check whether it's whitespace or starts with "return" and
21448: This two lines of codes are used to get the key lists from both dictionaries and store them in variables 'key's respectively, which will be
21449: This function looks up the value of 'a' from nested dictionary or lists and returns it as an array if found within those elements; otherwise return empty
21450: This Python function checks the value of 'mode' and returns different display properties based on its content. If it is set to single, then no output
21451: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
21452: This function replaces certain characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers or other software, which can
21453: This Python script splits the input string into tokens based on spaces, checks if it starts with 'bearer', and returns only that part of them
21454: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'entities' list. The keys of these dictionaries are set to
21455: This function returns the current values of 'turn' and ‘Speed’. The format method is used to combine these two variables into one string that
21456: This Python function takes an integer input 'hue' and returns the shade of color represented by that number. If no valid value is provided it defaults
21457: This Python function takes as input an array of points and returns the successive pairs from that list which are used to create new lines on topography maps
21458: This line of the Python function checks if two points are on same straight vertical or horizontal distance. It does so by comparing their absolute difference in both coordinates
21459: This line of the script converts input coordinates from degrees to radian values as required by geopy's geodesic function in Python 3+
21460: This Python script generates and returns the list of square numbers from 0 to an inputted number. It uses List Comprehension with 'range
21461: This line of the Python script is creating an absolute path to save files. The function takes two parameters - dir and name which are used in constructing
21462: This Python function takes as input the list of movements and returns two values; horizontal position along with vertical distance covered by that movement based on those inputs."
21463: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an angle in degrees between sun' s position at solar noon, which is calculated by dividing sunset
21464: This Python script checks if the incoming web hook has valid fields and returns them in an appropriate format; otherwise it raises exceptions with error messages about missing required
21465: Attempts to convert the third character of question string into an integer. If it fails, returns 'None'.  This is similar in functionality as
21466: This Python function checks the 'encoding' parameter of an input file, and returns it in lowercase unless otherwise specified by returning utf_8 as default
21467: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'variantString' using key/value pairs separated by equal signs ('==
21468: This Python function checks the format of an input string and returns three values based on whether it matches certain patterns or not; otherwise return `none` in
21469: This line of the Python script checks whether 'y' is zero, and returns its value in that case; otherwise it divides "x" by
21470: This script calculates the number of types and shares based on parameters. The calculation is done by subtracting from total paras minus five times nine plus one
21471: This Python script converts all keys of the input dictionary to uppercase and assigns them as values into another new dict, resulting from an operation that
21472: This Python function checks the type and value to determine whether an object should be returned as it's. If 'False', then return 0;
21473: This Python function converts the input string to all lowecase and replaces spaces with underscores.  It then returns that modified version of
21474: This function returns the value of 'x' based on time passed in minutes, with different return values depending upon various conditions and ranges within that condition range
21475: This function checks if all characters of the input string are alphabets or not using Python's builtin isalnum method and returns True
21476: If the 'Parent ID' isn’t provided, it returns an empty dictionary. Otherwise，it creates copies of original data and adds "Group Hub
21477: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reversed version of it. It uses stack data structure to determine if characters are opening or closing br
21478: If the variable type is 'INS', return its length, else subtract it from total.  This will help in determining whether to use an index
21479: This line of the Python script is splitting an item by "_" and then taking last part after ".", it's converting that to integer, but
21480: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
21481: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21482: This Python function renames keys of the given dictionary to match those defined by another set and then removes all other key/value pairs from that original dict
21483: This function returns the letter N or S based on whether its input is greater than 18 degrees. It's an example of conditional logic in
21484: This line of the given Python script replaces all instances in string 's' where it finds & and replace with nothing, effectively removing any HTML entities
21485: Returns the list of paths from an Issue object, useful when you want to get all file names associated with each problematic line on your project'
21486: Replaces the special characters {{ and ! }} with |*** bot ***==**** param **/.  This is used to mask sensitive data in
21487: A function that adds two numbers and then multiplies the resulting number by another. The final output will be in string format with an expression inside it,
21488: Copies the two dictionaries and adds their values where keys are common between them using Python's dictionary copy function 'deepcopys'. The result
21489: Code is checking the form of 't' and returning corresponding string. If no match found, it returns an error message or default value depending on what
21490: This Python function converts the first character of each word in an input string to either capital or small case, depending on whether it's greater than
21491: This Python script filters out the subparts from given list of strings and returns them as new, unspecified order with no duplicates preserved within it
21492: This Python function returns the thankyou message with contributors name in it and also includes an email id of 'barthett' at isi dot
21493: If the input is 'key' equals to Monday through Friday, return string MONDAY TO FRIDAY; otherwise it checks whether keys are
21494: This Python function checks the balance of opening and closing pairs in text. If there's no unbalance, it returns index where string ends; otherwise
21495: This Python function resizes the points of an input list by multiplying their coordinates with specific ratios and returns new lists after applying these transformations to each element
21496: Checks the status of an HTTP request. If it is successful, returns true; otherwise false or None/None respectively depending on whether there are no
21497: This Python script reads lines from an input file and splits them into key/value pairs using the ":" delimiter to create dictionary entries with
21498: Try to convert the value of section with name into string, if it fails then return an empty String.  If successful returns converted result as textual
21499: Build, distribute and publish Python packages. Also includes support to build sDistribution files (.tarball), create Windows installers or executables
21500: This Python script creates an empty list of dictionaries. Then it iterates over the "hit" object from Elasticsearch and populates each
21501: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns all columns from input matrix 'm' as new rows. The number or length/size is
21502: This function is used as an iterator that checks the range of possible values and returns one if it finds any. If no such value exists within given
21503: This Python function calculates the total of all digits in an integer. It uses modulo operation to get each digit, and then adds it into
21504: This Python function splits the input string by hyphen and then joins it back together, excluding first & last character of each substring after splitting
21505: If the lengths of two strings are not equal then they cannot be Anagrams and return false; otherwise create lists to store characters from both string with
21506: This line of Python script converts an integer to string, and if the length is less than 3 digits it adds leading zeros. If
21507: This line of the function calculates and returns an element in array 'p' by subtracting it from another one, then dividing that result with
21508: This line of the given Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with items from 'resource' that are NOT present within our defined list
21509: This Python function calculates the remainder and difference between two numbers. The first number is calculated as an integer by dividing its square root with eight while
21510: This function converts special characters to HTML entities. It replaces spaces with &nbsp;, newlines and other specified symbols into their corresponding html
21511: This Python function takes in the following parameters and returns them as dictionary. The keys of returned dictionaries are predefined strings, while values correspond to
21512: This Python function takes in an input string, checks whether it starts with 'see', or the apostrophe of another word and then returns what comes
21513: This Python function returns the URL based on whether or not it's being called with an argument of 'selector'. If `" site`', then
21514: This Python function converts the input string to Title Case, where each word'll start with uppercase and all other characters will be lower case except
21515: This Python script checks whether the given 'artifactId' is equal to web site, or it belongs in an organization with specific Groups such as org/
21516: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
21517: This script creates an RNN model with 10 layers, each layer has the size of four times larger than its previous one. The first two
21518: This Python script calculates the total value of all elements within each list. The result is then returned as an integer, which represents their combined sums from
21519: A dictionary that maps numbers to lists of integers. The list contains the number and its double value in order as per given conditions/rules - first element
21520: This Python function calculates the Fibo sequence using recursion. The base case is when 'f' equals to zero, it returns "return
21521: This function tries to guess the number of nodes in an array and handles exceptions if there is no input or incorrect data type provided by user/programmer
21522: This is an infinite loop that continues until the value of 'v' becomes less than ‘one’. The variable "i" increments with
21523: This function returns the maximum of depth divisors and ceilings filters times with coefficient. It is used to calculate an optimal number that can be
21524: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
21525: This function checks if the last two characters of an input string are either "AW" ("Atomic Weight") in lowercase, upper case letters from
21526: This line of Python script creates and returns an ordered dictionary from the given headers list with corresponding values. The zip function is used to combine two lists into
21527: Code is used to create a new instance of the class. The constructor takes two parameters, an array and another integer which represents how many times it should
21528: This script generates an environment codenames based on the number of customers, DCs and commodity types in each area. The output is then used
21529: This Python function calculates the length of repository name and counts how many repositories have 1 or more than three different brances. It also sums
21530: This python function checks the answers against their corresponding questions and returns two values. The first is 'correct' which represents how many of your answer choices are
21531: If the string 'SRS' is found within any of these strings, return ['epsg', STSID], else it returns an empty
21532: A Python dictionary that holds the data of an object with id and name.  The 'str' function is used to convert integer into string type in
21533: This script converts numbers to letters in the MIDI file format. The dictionary 'code' maps numeric values of notes into their corresponding letter
21534: This line of Python script merges the given dictionary into 'license mapping'. The new key/value pairs are added to it. If there is already
21535: This Python script checks whether the keys "from", “in”, or both exist within nested dictionaries. If they do not all meet certain
21536: This function checks whether the input 'X' can be converted to an integer or string and then further validates it as either being positive/negative number
21537: A dictionary is created from the given parameters. The keys are taken as 'key' and values, corresponding to these key indices of an input list called
21538: This python function calculates the value of an equation based on given values and constants, which is not very clear from its name but it seems to be
21539: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The base case is when 'a' and/or "b" are
21540: If 'in' keyword is present, return the value of key from dictionary else just returns original variable/value – Code snippet to be
21541: This program calculates the average of an inputted list. The function takes as its argument, 'array', and returns that same data but with each
21542: This function calculates the value of parameter 'mu' raised to power 1/lam'. If either or both parameters are not valid, it raises
21543: This Python script calculates the values of two variables 'x' and "Y" based on input parameters. The calculation is done using bitwise operations
21544: This line of the given Python script is returning "dic['value']". It's accessing an item in dictionary 'dict', using key as string
21545: This line of the given C++ program multiplies 'f' by zero, then calculates and assigns to it an expression that is not constant
21546: If the object is outside of any defined constraint, return false. Otherwise check whether its type matches 'ur5'.  Return that result as well to
21547: This line of the Python function returns an array with four elements. The first element is value and its least significant byte; second one has next most sign
21548: This function returns “one” if x is nonnegative, and "zero" otherwise. It simply checks whether the input number 'X' in
21549: If the variable 'iterator' is equal to 23, it will return string value of aborted. Else print out current values and then
21550: This function calculates the value of 'N' in terms where it is less than 36, and otherwise returns an approximation based on some formula
21551: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21552: This two lines of codes are used to convert the input strings into lists containing integers and then map each element in these integer arrays by using int() function
21553: This function checks whether the value of 'x' is within an interval defined by two other numbers, and returns its corresponding index in that range. If
21554: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the inputted number multiplied by 10 as output with 'demo
21555: This function returns the string 'Client' followed by client id.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in our system, which are then associated
21556: Compare two versions of software. If version 3 is greater than or equal to the other one then return True else False."  (code):
21557: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the elements of two lists. The first list is used as keys, while second one acts like
21558: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'inp' that are nonnull or undefined using conditional statements within loops
21559: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two vectors. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both lists and
21560: If the input 'None', an empty array will be returned. Else it joins all elements in given `str` type element of lists into one
21561: Normalizes the input x to be between 0 and one, with minimum value of zero. The range is from max(min)/1e6
21562: This function flips the image horizontally based on whether it's been asked to flip in either direction or not. It returns left/
21563: If the given string does NOT contain ".", it appends '.0' to make sure there are two parts of dot separated number; otherwise, just
21564: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
21565: This line of Python script generates and returns the UUIDs from an inputted object. The output is stored as 'uuids'.  It uses List
21566: This Python function checks whether the input 'array' or any of its elements are lists. If it isn’t an array at all and has no
21567: Returns the number of substrings in 'delimeter' that are found within value. This is done by splitting up "Value" using given Delimit
21568: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21569: This function generates the required format of output. The input is two parameters - an 'experiment' and trial id, which are concatenated with other
21570: Removes HTML tags from the given string.  It uses regular expressions to find and remove div elements in html formatting codes but only if they are
21571: This Python function uses regular expressions to find the first nonempty string in each inputted list, and returns that as its output if it exists; otherwise
21572: A Python dictionary that contains the name of each parameter.  The names are "BenchMarkName", and both 'Model Name' & Optimization
21573: This function returns the path to create groups in Duke'a subjects directory. The base url is provided as an argument and then appended with 'sub
21574: This Python function converts all strings to lowercase and appends "None" if the string isn't convertible into one or doesn’nt
21575: This Python function calculates the date of tomorrow's day. It takes in two parameters - current 'day', and ‘current’ Year,
21576: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then fills it with the replacements from two lists. The keys are replaced by their corresponding values while maintaining
21577: This line of the given Python script is extracting information from an object called 'detail' and storing it in two variables, one as string with format
21578: This Python script iterates over the properties of 'next' and checks whether they are equal to one specific property ("Resume" or something similar).
21579: This Python function generates an array of dictionaries where each dictionary contains the index and value at that position from 'input_array' if it is not
21580: If the parameter 'variables' exists within viewers description then return its value else it returns variable itself as is – one line python function that
21581: This function returns the maximum and minimum values of latitude/longitudes within an input bounding box in degrees from -pi to pi radians or
21582: This function checks if an element is present within the given array. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether we
21583: This Python script splits the input arguments by "==" and returns them as dictionary keys/values pairing, where each key is an argument'
21584: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each nested lists within the inputted main/parent 'lst' and appends all
21585: This function checks whether the first character of string is either "0" ("False") and second one should be any alphabetical letter. If both
21586: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses looping to multiply all numbers from 0 up until but not including
21587: If both lists are empty, return an empy list. Otherwise it returns the first nonempty one of two inputted arrays in order from smallest to
21588: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variables, 'maxX', ‘minY' in one statement. The values are calculated
21589: This Python function splits two strings on the last character of each string until one or both are empty; then it returns their difference if they're
21590: This function replaces all occurrences of '{' with "[", ‘}'’ to be replaced by the closing bracket and ',', every
21591: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
21592: This Python function takes an array of strings as its parameter; it separates the elements into three categories based on whether they contain 'C' or '.
21593: This Python script sorts the filnames of an array by removing .py and sorting them alphabetically, ignoring case differences when comparing strings using
21594: Returns the first few characters of 'Commit' string. If it is longer than eight, returns only up to sixteen chars and appends
21595: This line of the given Python script is returning an attribute from 'event' dictionary, specifically it returns account id associated with each job in AWS Code P
21596: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It then returns their product divided by that G
21597: This line of the program checks if all elements on one row or column are '0's. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is
21598: This Python function generates the Fibonacci sequence up to n numbers where each number is calculated as sum of previous two and it starts with first
21599: This function checks if there are any branches other than 'main' or the master. If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that
21600: This Python function calculates the ETA based on Stripecount and separator value, but it also takes into account that if there are more
21601: If the string "DT" does not exist, return it as such; otherwise check whether there are exactly one ':' in that given date/time
21602: This function checks if the IP address is either localhost ("localhost") 或 loopback("loop back"). It does so by comparing it to two pred
21603: This Python function calculates the are of an isosceles triangle given its two sides. The formula used to calculate it's base and height
21604: This function calculates the output of an equation based on input variables 't' and returns it as result "r". The coefficients in front are constants
21605: This Python script converts the file extension of an inputted .MD, MD and MDown files to either 'Markup' ('html', etc
21606: This Python function calculates the maximum possible gain from buying and selling stocks. It uses two nested loops to iteratively compare every pair of prices within an
21607: This line of the script checks whether or not there is an allocation transfer agency in each record. If it doesn't exist, then assigns '
21608: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21609: This Python function implements the Thévenin–Morse sequence, which is an infinite binary numbering system. It takes as input 'N'
21610: Parses the JSON data and extract specific information from it, then stores them in dictionary format to be used later on – Code is written with
21611: This line of the given Python script converts an input string to its equivalent in milliseconds by first checking whether it'is instance or not and
21612: This function checks the type of 'plug in' and performs different actions based on its value; it also handles cases where an instance isn’t recognized
21613: This line of the function checks if one range is completely inside another. If either end point are outside, it returns false; otherwise true  ENDS
21614: This function takes an iterable of objects and combines them into two lists - one list with dictionaries from the input items while another has book marks if
21615: If both 'a' &amp; '#b are defined, multiply them. Else return the non null value of either one or another depending
21616: If temperature in K, return the heat index of water based on given formulae or raise an error message otherwise.";  ---> Code Summary
21617: This Python function calculates the sum of all odd numbers in an array. It uses bitwise operations to perform calculations and returns that value as output,
21618: This line of the given Python script returns only those elements from 'pairs' list where second and third element are not equal.  It is essentially
21619: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on integer 'mask' and then applying bitwise NOT, AND with 30. The
21620: This Python script calculates the dot or scalar of two vectors by multiplying corresponding elements and summing them up, similar to how you would do it
21621: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but stripping off any leading or trailing whitespace from each
21622: If the input 'None' or not convertible to number, return "Error". Otherwise normalize it by dividing with ten thousand. The result
21623: This Python function calculates the difference between each value in an array and its average. It also keeps track of how many values have been processed to calculate
21624: This function takes as input the list of strings 'rotors' and returns another string that contains lengths/lengths all stored within it, separated by
21625: If the number of runs is less than minimum required, return true. Otherwise check whether frame rate falls within an accepted range; else false."""
21626: This function returns the coordinates of an inputted 3D vector as if it was pointing in one direction. The x component is negated and y
21627: This line of the Python script checks if 'Symbol' class instance exists in given variable.  It returns True or False based on whether it finds an
21628: If the input 'value' or argument "arg" are both `None`, return whatever you want to be returned. Otherwise just pass through it
21629: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21630: This Python dictionary maps integer values to string representations of activation functions. The function corresponding with the given number is returned as output from an input parameter num,
21631: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on "." character and returns second part as output which is also called sg entity type
21632: Converts the input variables to integers. This is done because Python's range function requires integer inputs only and it will throw an error if non
21633: This Python function calculates the number of steps required to reduce 'number' from one by repeatedly applying either division or multiplication and addition operations, depending on
21634: This function checks the 'pkg' dictionary and returns different strings based on its value. If it is of an unknown or unsupported format, then raises
21635: If the 'None' condition, it returns an empty string; if not found '/metadata/', then split and find first occurrence of that within list
21636: This function returns the appropriate value based on an input number. The numbers are grouped in descending order, and it checks each one to see which
21637: This function calculates the value of an indicator based on given parameters. The formula is derived from some mathematical principles and it's not very clear what
21638: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts and returns them in reverse order as 'Day / Month – Year'. The first
21639: Convert the given Dry Air Specific Humidiy into Moisture Absolute Hygrometer reading using an equation based on temperature and pressure."""
21640: This function takes in an input string and returns two parts; the first part is found at ':' if it exists else return as both are none or
21641: Checks if the string starts with "FL", has exactly 1 character after that which is digit or not; then checks whether it contains '/'
21642: This function returns the URL of an exported game in Lichese's platform, given its ID as input parameter."  [END]
21643: Implemented the function to find the longest common prefix in an array of strings. The algorithm used is based on Divide and Conquer strategy,
21644: If 'USE LOCALSTACK' is True then return the dictionary with endpoint URL and SSL settings. Else it returns only dictonary of
21645: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns KPa from Pressure in hPa or Pascal, depending on whether it's
21646: This line of the script is extracting two parts from an input list, "tokens" and returning them as separate lists after removing "[START]"
21647: If either of the two variables are not defined, return true. Otherwise check whether 'a' equals to less than equal operator with variable `b`
21648: This function takes an object as its parameter and returns another one with the same keys, but values are different based on their types of data they hold -
21649: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named 'postion map' and populates it with the positions of all non static game objects from given list using
21650: This Python script converts the input string 'module' into its equivalent name with dots replaced by slashes. For example, if you have an import
21651: This Python function splits the input string into three parts using '-' as separator, then converts these two last values to centimeters and
21652: This Python script calculates the sum of coefficients multiplied by their respective powers. It uses list comprehension and builtin function pow() to calculate power
21653: Checks whether two lists are of equal length. If not, raises an error with message "Lengths do no match."  [10 points
21654: If the variable 'dr' does not exist, return value of five. Else check whether it equals to Five and then returns that as well else
21655: This function calculates the population count of an integer. It uses bitwise operations to calculate it efficiently, which is faster than using Python's built
21656: This Python script splits the given string into separate strings, then appends only those numbers to an empty list that are not 'X'. The result
21657: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21658: This Python script copies the parameters from one dictionary to another and then modifies an element of that copied parameter's subdictionary by adding 3
21659: This function checks the type of input and assigns it to an R variable. If not recognized as any specific types above then returns string formatting with
21660: A dictionary that maps the three letter months to their corresponding number. This is used in Python programming language as it allows us easily access any of these values
21661: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21662: This Python function takes an integer as input, checks if it's negative or positive and returns the absolute value of that number. If given 1
21663: A JSON object with the key 'location' and value as string of coordinates.  The __Type is set to Location indicating it represents location data in
21664: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and strip out part from URLs that are split by "/" character in python language, specifically
21665: This function replaces all occurrences of the string `"-"` with an actual character, and also changes its first occurrence to be replaced by
21666: This Python function converts the input 'float' to an integer, and then assigns color based on its numerical values in relation with ‘th
21667: This function checks whether the input string is either 36 characters long, which are hexadecimal digits and can be uppercase A to
21668: This Python script retrieves the 'names' from nested dictionary objects within another structure that contains dictionaries with keys named as per requirement ("links"). If
21669: This Python function is used to encode and then possibly furtherdecode the string. If it encounters an empty or nonempty whitespace character, returns that
21670: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21671: If the key 'cvpDevice' exists, return its value associated with that specific configlet. Else it returns an empty list as default result
21672: This line of the Python script checks if file is in lowercase and ends with ".json" extension using 'filename' variable which contains name/path
21673: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula used is derived from Py
21674: This line of Python script splits the string "sample_nonpartition" into individual elements, storing them in list format and assigns it to variable
21675: This function takes an array of points and scales them up or down by the given factor. The result is returned as another 1D list with scaled
21676: This Python script creates an object that can be used to generate random numbers within the range of 89% and another with around one percent higher or
21677: This Python function takes an integer as input, converts it to string and multiplies the result with its second character. It then returns how many times
21678: Code is used to fetch data from the database and perform various operations on it, such as filtering by shelf name or calculating certain measures based off of asset
21679: This Python script creates an empty list with the same length as input 'risk'. It then iterates over each element of risk, adding it to
21680: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'corner' and an additional tuple, which represents point to be added on both x
21681: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty and returns two different results based on that condition - either it's an invalid command with no parameters
21682: This Python function searches the output of 'pear' command to find and return latest stable version number, otherwise it returns none when no such information is
21683: "Split the full path into an array of file names"	  		   	   			    									     	 								       }}};`.
21684: This Python function checks whether the point lies within unit circle or not. The condition is that distance from origin should be less than equal to 1,
21685: This line of the Python function calculates the Planck mass ratio, which is used in radiative transfer calculations to determine how much energy has been lost
21686: This python function calculates the value of 'kt' based on given values. The formula is as follows,   Va = √(K*
21687: This line initializes an empty dictionary called 'gate_opts' if the current trading view algorithm is Alpha Vantage.  It also checks
21688: This Python function merges two sorted lists into one while counting the number of 'swaps' required to sort them together as well using an efficient approach
21689: This Python function checks the validity of inputted dates. If any part or all are invalid, it returns `None`; otherwise return that validated
21690: If 'None' values are present, it returns “Invalid”. Otherwise if the first value in comparison has higher score than second one then return
21691: This Python script writes annotations of taxonomic tree into file in one line using 'with' statement and print function which is very efficient when used
21692: This line of the program splits input string into an array, reverses that list and then joins it back together with spaces in between each word as
21693: This function returns the source file to use based on whether or nor PIPFILE is present in your environment, and if it's there then uses
21694: If the file does exist and is nonempty then return its content up to three characters at start of line else false otherwise – based on some conditions
21695: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'isstr' or any of its elements are nonstring types. If it finds such an element - raises
21696: This Python function checks whether the first character of an input string is digit. If it's, then return that number; otherwise returns zero or null
21697: This function checks if the acquisition state is either 'Configure' OR running.  It returns True when it finds an instance where one of these states
21698: This command is used to execute the vtysh commands. The argument passed in quotes will be executed as if it were typed into terminal/shell
21699: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21700: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'persons' list. If there is already another entry, then we
21701: This Python function calculates the accuracy of classification by dividing correct classifications over all samples. If no sample is classified, it returns zero to avoid
21702: This Python script splits the input string 'tempalte' into two parts based on an identified tag, then joins them together with another part of
21703: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from index start to end. The function is used in slicing operation on strings and lists, where
21704: This line of Python script filters the 'storage locations' based on whether they have an attribute named "AIPs". It returns only those that do
21705: If the two intervals overlap, return true. Otherwise false is returned as they do not intersect with each other in terms of their ends or starts respectively..
21706: This function takes an initial URL and optional query string as input; it constructs the full form of that parameterized version by appending each new pair
21707: If the input "query" does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise replace all spaces in 'query' with '%20'. This function
21708: If the length of 'input' exceeds specified limit, it raises an error and returns input padded with zeros up until its maximum allowed size;
21709: This Python function calculates the average precision of an array sorted by its second element and then counts how many times it saw one value equal to 'one
21710: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both list and
21711: Checks if the string contains square brackets. 1 = true, else false or empty strings are considered as not containing any of these characters and
21712: This Python script splits the inputted text into individual "tokens" using underscores as delimiters, then checks if its last two
21713: This Python script is used to convert bytes into KB/ MB or GB. It uses the concept of dividing by 3 and then using modulo
21714: This line of the given Python script is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'n' by numberOfTimes specified in "k" and then applying
21715: This Python function returns an array of numbers based on the input 'n'. If "if" condition is true it will return one element which equals to
21716: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an intermediate value, which is used in further calculations. The formula involves two parameters n(number
21717: This function returns different values based on the value of 't'. It's an example to demonstrate how Python can be used in conditional statements, like
21718: This Python script counts the number of violations from 'playerEvents' list by iterating over each element and incrementing counter if it is not None
21719: Generates string representation of list actions. Each item is separated by '=>' and the last one without separator."      Code snip
21720: This function takes an integer as input and returns it padded with zeros to the left until its length is 3. If sdgs >
21721: This function returns the time in seconds. It takes three parameters, hours(h), minutes and secondes respectively which are multiplied by their respective values
21722: This Python function checks if the first element of one span is greater than or equal to that in another. It also confirms whether its second part,
21723: This function normalizes the input value to be between 0 and one. It does so by subtracting its original minima, then dividing it
21724: A Python dictionary with the subject and type of data being returned by function 'genomics' in module ‘module1’ is created using input
21725: This Python function generates an edge list from the given graph. The output is then filtered to only include nodes that have at least one neighbor and are connected
21726: This function reshapes all images from the given 'image' object. The input is expected to be an array of image objects with shape [height
21727: This Python function checks whether the input variable "is_str", which should be of string data types. If it contains an underscore ("_"),
21728: This Python function converts an integer into its ordinal form. For example, if the input is '4', it will return as output being '"
21729: This line of Python function subtracts two numbers.  It returns the result as an integer, which is usually used in arithmetic operations like division
21730: This function pops the last element from 'yielded data' and returns it as tuple of two elements - "Host" & its corresponding Context
21731: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21732: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
21733: This function checks the value of 'cooling mode' and returns different values based on it, with specific conditions being met at certain points or not
21734: A function that returns the color name from its argument in dictionary format or default to 'K' if it doesn’t exist within our defined colors list
21735: This Python function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If it's less than or equal to zero, then returns one and otherwise multi
21736: This function calculates the velocity in LPS from given values of GPM and speed unit conversion factor, which is approximately equal to converting km/h
21737: If there are more than one option in the list of 'Options', create an Amazon Alexa card with these as buttons; otherwise return generic response without
21738: This function returns the sentiment of given number. If it's positive, neutral or negative based on its value and signage; otherwise return 'Unknown
21739: This Python function generates and returns the string representation of an array by joining all elements from 0 to n with incrementing values r. The result is
21740: A dictionary that maps regex patterns to tags in the form of 'key':'value'. The get method is used with default value as `None`
21741: Checks if the value and bitmask are equal. If they match, returns true; otherwise false  Code snippet used in project is not
21742: This Python function returns the list of tags in JSON format.  The input is not used, as it's assumed to be already defined elsewhere within
21743: This Python function strips leading/trailing parentheses from strings, then splits the remaining string into integers if it exists; otherwise returns an empty
21744: If the UOM is not null, append it to message. Otherwise do noting and leave as 'Undefined'. The resultant string will be
21745: This function takes an input string, converts it to lowercase and strips any leading/trailing whitespace. It then checks if the first character
21746: A function that calculates the value of an expression using power rule and subtraction, returning it as float type in Python language with precision up to double
21747: This Python script calculates the sum of each element from two lists, where both are multiplied by another list. The result is stored into an output
21748: This line of the Python script reads one row from an open file object and append it to another list as buffer, then returns true indicating that more data
21749: This Python function checks whether the given 'Kernel Size' is even or odd. If it’s an Even number, then returns half of strides
21750: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters ("\\" + "\rn") with commas, and then removes any double spaces between the
21751: This Python script is creating an empty dictionary and copying the values from one configuration to another, then returning that new configuation as output which was created by
21752: This Python script reads from the standard output and filters out any empty or whitespace only strings using list comprehension with an 'if' condition to remove
21753: This function calculates the intersection of two rectangles in 3D space. The input parameters are four points defining each rectangle and three vectors representing their
21754: This function returns the minimums/maxima of two given variables within defined bounds. The parameters are used to define these boundaries in 1D
21755: This function checks if two lists are the same when ordered. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true or "The list is already
21756: If 'm' is greater than or equal to `K` then return the minimum of two numbers. Otherwise just take constant value from variable "C
21757: This function finds the first task that matches with one of several tasks. If no match is found it returns 'None'.  The list to be searched
21758: This Python script checks the logs to see if there's an error message and stops execution when it finds one, saving time by preventing unnecessary iterations over
21759: If all three variables are  zero, return the string '00'. Else check which two of them have nonzero values. Return one character
21760: Creates and copies the dictionary 'dest' into another one named "src" using Python programming language – Code is copying all items from dict to
21761: This Python function normalizes the input list 'X' by subtracting its minimum and dividing it with maximum minus minimun. It is used to
21762: This Python function tries converting the given object into an integer and then splitting it by "_". If successful in conversion/splitting process returns last part of
21763: This line of the program calculates 1/I and returns it. The result is then used to calculate another value, which in turn will be
21764: This function returns the string 'scape' with datacenters and streams as parameters in between them separated by dots ('.').  It is used to
21765: This Python function splits the input string into segments using hyphen (-), and then reverses each segment before joining them back together with another character in
21766: Returns whether the 'current' temperature is less than given threshold. If so - returns True; otherwise False or None if not enough data to determine it
21767: This line of the Python script replaces all spaces with underscores from an input string 'in_str'.  It's used to clean
21768: ') # Remove leading and trailing whitespace, then check if the string is empty OR starts with '//' in Python Code snip
21769: This Python function calculates the next power of two that is greater than or equal to N and M. The calculation uses bitwise operations which are faster
21770: This function takes in the coordinates of an object and returns their rounded value. The multiplication by 'round' is to ensure that we get integer values,
21771: A function that returns the number zero. It's an example of Python syntax and structure, but not necessarily related to any specific problem or task in
21772: This line of Python script replaces all instances in the column 'col' where there is an underscore (-), with another instance that has been replaced
21773: This function calculates the number of training iterations per epoch based on either provided or default values. If no value was given and it's zero then
21774: This simple Python function returns true if the input is 1, and false otherwise. It's useful in conditional statements or loops to quickly check whether
21775: This function is used to filter the prefixes of strings that start with certain patterns and return their corresponding suffix after removing these commonalities using Python'
21776: This Python function calculates the position of an element based on its index and it's associated array. The result is returned as 'position'.
21777: This line of Python script is fetching the last tournament from 'tournament' list and then returning its corresponding event. The date when it was created
21778: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, removes any empty strings and whitespace from them using list comprehension with an 'if'
21779: This line of Python script calculates the number that represents an average month. The result is then used to determine which quarter it falls into, and finally
21780: If the 'None' or not present, returns. Else checks whether there exists an option with key named colour under given name of Series and return
21781: This Python function calculates the Horne'r formula of an equation. It takes as input coefficients in descending order, starting from highest power to
21782: This program will keep adding 0.3 to the input until it reaches or surpasses that number, then return and stop executing indefinitely
21783: This function calculates the Fibo number using recursive method. If input is negative, it returns zero as per requirement and also handles base cases
21784: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns value 'z' based on input parameters. The formula used is ‘(x*xy
21785: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
21786: This Python function checks whether the input 'Expose Ports' variable type matches with tuple or lists. If it doesn’s match then convert that
21787: This Python script attempts to read the first line of file ".ufarepo" and return it, but if an error occurs during reading or there is
21788: This Python script calculates the total length of all elements present within an input dictionary. The function 'return' is used to return one value, which
21789: If the input is neither dict nor List type then return an empty dictionary.  Code checks whether given object or variable 'input' belongs to either of
21790: Implements an iterative method to solve systems with nonstationary dynamics using damped proportional control.""" (END CODE SUMMARY HERE)"
21791: This script splits the input text into individual word tokens based on spaces (' '). It then checks if any of these tokenized strings are present as
21792: This function checks the type of an input and returns it accordingly, with some exceptions handled by default values or specific conditions like 'none' being returned as
21793: This Python function uses the Euclidean algorithm to find Greatest Common Divisor of two numbers. It keeps replacing 'y' with its remainder when divided
21794: This function checks if the value of 'Bbright' is within range from both sides ('Left', ‘Right') in list named "List"
21795: This line of the Python script is creating an integer from hexadecimal representation. The input to it are two parts - first part being slice operation
21796: This line of the given Python function returns four times what it does, but only if x is less than ten and otherwise just multiplies by two to
21797: This function converts binary string to integer. The input is the list of values, and it returns an output which represents decimal number in base two as
21798: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci number. If 'N' is ‘zero’ or equal, it returns N;
21799: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over the first inputted 'list' and checks if each item is also present within another given
21800: Creates dictionary with keys as the fields of response object, values are fetched from corresponding key or default value is provided when no such field exists;
21801: This is an implementation of the formula "Fractional Part" in Python. It takes two parameters, 'p' and ‘q’ where
21802: This function calculates the accuracy of predictions by comparing them with actual target values. It returns 1 if all elements are equal, else it will divide
21803: This Python script sets up the HTTP and HTTPS proxies. The format function is used to replace '{}{}' with my IP address
21804: This function raises the number of tapped positions by 1. It takes in three parameters, 'tap' is not used here but it was
21805: This Python function creates and returns the dictionary with 'dict' data type. The input parameters are used to create an object of class `IPObjects`
21806: This function checks whether the attribute name starts with an underscore ("__) and is either one of two special attributes, __init__(...) etc., which
21807: Copies the values of dictionary 'e' into another new one called "c" and returns it as result – all keys from both original dict
21808: This script calculates the minimum and maximum values along each dimension of points. The result is returned as two separate lists, one with minima per point
21809: This line of the given Python script returns two values from an observation dictionary. The first value is "state" and it's returned, while second
21810: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts, converts each part to an integer and then multiplies it by powers of ten
21811: Count the number of times that depth is greater than its previous value. The result will be printed out at once with print() function and it'll
21812: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, and returns it in reverse order using JavaScript's split() method
21813: This is an equation that calculates Kolmogorov–Smirnova’s test statistic. It'll be used to compare
21814: Initializes the camera data with default values and sets up an empty dictionary cam_dict to store all cameras in it; each key is 'L'
21815: Parses the hour and minute from an input string of format "HHMM" into total number or time in minutes.  The function returns error
21816: This function checks if every element of the first list is present as an item within another given set. If not, it returns False; otherwise True
21817: Copies the original values of 't' and their corresponding indices into three new variables, "rs" & “rvals” respectively to avoid
21818: This Python script initializes the hash value 'h' to  zero, then iterates over each character of string "s", converting it into its
21819: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as its Python counterpart. It splits on spaces to get individual 'words', then conver
21820: If the areas are zero in either 'text', add an extremely small number to both variables. Then print "The Area Of Text Is Zero".
21821: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
21822: This function checks the length of sequence and returns false, or shortens it to its starting point. If sequences are equal then return that they're
21823: Returns an object with two properties - 'updated id' and the message. The updated ID is always set to be one hundred twenty three thousand four five
21824: This line of Python script calculates the value returned by function based on given parameters, which is an example implementation to calculate taxes in Brazil using simple interest
21825: This line of the given Python script removes all non numeric characters from string.  It uses lambda function to filter out any character that is either
21826: This Python function checks whether an assembly string is valid. It firstly verifies that the input does NOT contain any spaces, then it looks to see
21827: This Python function takes as input the name of an attribute from some data, then checks if that particular property exists within 'result' dictionary; If it
21828: This Python function filters an input list based on the presence of certain characters or substrings within each element, and returns only those that meet these criteria as
21829: This script is used to generate the header and rows of an excel file based on reservations data from Occupancy Management System(OMS).
21830: If the variable 'required' is true, return its value as it was. Otherwise wrap that in parentheses and then returns with an additional pair
21831: This Python function takes an input string and returns the longest sequence of identical characters as list items, with each item being one unique instance found within that long
21832: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the given list of tuples. For each tuple it checks if its first element is
21833: This function is used to generate the header of an array based on keyword and amount from another dictionary 'Key Amount'. It uses list comprehension with
21834: Extracts the necessary information from an item in JSON format and stores it into variables, if available; otherwise assigning default values to those fields that
21835: This Python function calculates the scalar product of two vectors. The result is normalized to have length one, and then scaled by its magnitude inversely proportional
21836: This Python script replaces typo strings with their correct counterparts based on the provided dictionary of rules and returns new dictionaries where each string is strip
21837: This Python function checks the number of GPUs available. If no gp usable, it returns '/CPU' otherwise return 'GPU#'.
21838: Generates random alphanumeric string of given length using Python's builtin randit module and list comprehension feature to generate the dig
21839: This Python script checks whether the last character of each string in an input list is either '.' ,'!' ,"'"or any punctuation mark
21840: This Python script checks the value of 'network' and returns either “Hike”, depending on whether it is one among four specific values.
21841: If the sequences are of length 0/null then return both as they're empty. Else while last elements in two sequence match continue to
21842: This Python script uses the urlparsing library to split URLs into their components, specifically looking at path and query parameters in order of importance from left
21843: This Python function checks whether the given string starts and ends with slash, then joins all parts of split by '/' to form one single line URL
21844: This Python function checks whether the given 'obj' has an attribute with name as "Field". If it does, then deletes that object and returns
21845: This Python script copies the 'label' dictionary and renames its keys to "Value", then it also removes two of these special key names from them
21846: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of an equation based on two points. The formula is derived from standard algebra, but it's
21847: If the length of ```python` coded list is ‘one’, it returns only one element from that array; otherwise，it joins
21848: This function checks whether the axis of an SVG element is either 'Transform' or ‘Field’. If it finds one, returns that value
21849: This line of Python script is creating an empty new array. It's using the 'for loop', which iterates over each element within another set
21850: This line of the program calculates and returns an incorrectly completed unit's percentage. It does so by dividing 'num_correct/un
21851: This Python function calculates the intersection of two lists. If both input list lengths are 3, it performs elementwise multiplication to get an intermediate result
21852: This line of the function calculates and returns how much percentage has changed between two values. It does so by subtracting one value from another, div
21853: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway point between start x & y coordinates.  It's used to find midpoint in
21854: This function returns the first character of string v. If it is not equal to "a", then, if so raise an exception with message as
21855: This function checks if the file path ends with ".py", but does NOT include an underscore ("_").  It returns True only when both conditions
21856: This function returns the coordinates of three points that are one unit away from each other in two dimensions. The conditions used to check if these positions exist within
21857: This function returns the string representation of an integer. If it is greater than or equal to one hundred and fifty ('>'), then return its hexad
21858: Create an algorithm to convert Roman numerals into integers. The input is the string of numbers represented as characters ('IV', ... ,'CM'). Output
21859: This Python function calculates the temperature depression based on various factors such as whether or not windows are open, and how much money is in your wallet'
21860: "Returns JAtS postings of an identity and DOI."  [Replace the placeholders with actual values](def, id_
21861: This Python script converts all names to their corresponding case and sorts them alphabetically before finding the first match of any member from 'names' list
21862: Returns an empty string with the argument name. – Code is used to create and print out some text in Python, but it's not doing
21863: This Python script copies the values from one dictionary to another, but if keys exist on both dictionaries it merges them by extending their lists instead of
21864: This function calculates the fidelities of two floors and then scales them based on their difference, with an added step to ensure that they are always
21865: This function takes an eModel object and returns the name of its Morph file as specified in it's parameters dictionary, which is then split to
21866: This function returns the file path of an uploaded data. The biz id and filename are passed as parameters to generate unique paths based on them, which
21867: Assigns the value of "playback_version" to variable 'code' and assign it with "-". This is done in Python.
21868: A function that takes two parameters - 'code' and an optional parameter named as the second argument. If both arguments are provided then it returns dictionary with
21869: If the 'details' dictionary contains both keys named as retry_*, return true. Otherwise false or not found at all are returned based on whether
21870: This function tries to return the value of an attribute named "_id" from "get_attribute". If it fails due any error in getting that specific
21871: This function checks if the value is divisible by 'num' without leaving any remainder.  It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it meets
21872: This Python function takes an input string and converts it into its ASCII values. The result is returned as another integer List using the ord() built
21873: This Python function calculates the distance in meters between two points on Earth's surface. The formula is based off of Haversine Formula and
21874: This script generates 36 "real" line of text, which are then appended to the list 'Lines'. The purpose behind it'
21875: This Python function returns the search time, count of hits and list/array with documents from each result.  The "results" parameter is expected to
21876: This function counts the number of digits in an integer. It starts by initializing 'digit' to be one, then it increments until
21877: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string ' with single quotes, and then wraps it within double quotation marks if
21878: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'u' based on some given parameters. The equation is as follows, where n and L
21879: This Python function calculates the total of all digits within an input number. It converts each individual character to its integer value, then sums them
21880: This function returns the string representation of topic and question number. The format is T<Topic>_Q#QuestionNumber, where <...>=
21881: If the directory name ends with '/', return it as is, else append an extra slash at end of string – to make sure that there
21882: If the length of `answers` is 3, return True. Otherwise check whether it contains only one character or not; in case that
21883: ") then return info["Summary:"] end;  -- Summary of the function.-- Description and Usage Example in comments below...   }
21884: This Python function checks whether two variables are equal or not. If they're the same, it returns false; otherwise - depending on their values
21885: This Python function checks the sign of an arithmetic operation, and performs it on two numbers. If no valid operator is given or division by zero occurs
21886: This Python script reads the 'package info' file and extracts all lines that start with "from" followed by any number of whitespace characters,
21887: If the variable 'Place' is equal to either of these strings, return one string. Else do nothing or set it as none depending on other
21888: This line of the given Python script calculates how many elements from 'prop' are present within each element ('in') ‘clusters’
21889: This function converts the string to an integer. If it's not possible, returns None or raises ValueError if there is any error in conversion
21890: This line of the program converts units from one type to another. It checks which inputted value is in inches, feet or yards and then switches
21891: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
21892: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21893: This Python script splits the input string into parts and stores them in memory as dictionaries, with keys "instruction", size ", address" direction
21894: This python script calculates the sum of maximum bytes by tile.  The variable "Max Sum", which is initialized to zero, then adds up all
21895: This Python function checks the values of 'aromatic' and ‘bondtype’. If they are either both equal to one string, it
21896: This function calculates the total points of an item based on its name and permutation value from another dictionary, then returns that as your final result."
21897: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into three parts by ':', and then returns the third part of that split if there is one
21898: This function checks if the length of 'input' is greater than or equal to 6, as well whether its first character matches with that in "
21899: This function checks if the first character of 'key' is either "h" or "\t". If both conditions are true it returns True. Otherwise
21900: This line of the function checks if an object 'x' contains attribute named "_is\_PlaceHolder". If it does then returns True. Otherwise False
21901: Code checks if the given string contains "hashmap". It does so by using regular expressions. 1/0 indicates whether it finds any match or
21902: This function takes in one string argument and returns it with an escape sequence to display as bold, underlined text.  The color of the output is
21903: This Python function creates and returns an object that maps the first element of its input to be used as key, with second one being set by checking if
21904: This Python function checks the input token list. If it's not exactly three elements or doesn’t start with '(' and ends in ‘
21905: This line of the Python script is checking if an input variable 'version' matches one or more conditions, and then appends to another string based on
21906: This function takes as input the current game's board, and returns an empty string. If there are no pieces on any of these rows or columns
21907: This Python script splits the input string into multiple strings, then creates lists of Docker containers from these substrings by taking first two and last word
21908: This python function converts an integer to string and pads it with zeros on the left if necessary. The maximum length of padded id is set
21909: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21910: This Python function tries to convert the given date/time in 'YYMMDD HMS' format into an actual python DateTime object using strftIME
21911: This function checks the dimensions of an image and raises error when it's not in squares, otherwise returns calculated value based on formula provided by author(
21912: Code is returning the string "Order placed" when called. (The function takes an integer as input and returns its square.)'  ```
21913: This function calculates the value of an option with given risk free rate, current market price and time to expiry. The formula is derived from Black
21914: This script splits the string into an array of strings based on newline characters, and then returns only one line from that list as output in Python
21915: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in 'bases' list into one string with each element separated by comma and space.  It
21916: This function calculates the number of pages needed to display 'num_of_items' items with page size being given as ‘PageSize’
21917: If the "/etchostname/" directory does exist, then it will raise an exception stating that "couldn't found hosts files". Otherwise
21918: This Python script checks the input string 'discipline' and returns an appropriate word based on its content. If it doesn’t match any of
21919: This function builds the Target Operating System parameter. The parameters are used in constructing an integer that represents different operating system features and settings such as priority
21920: This function calculates the power of an integer. If 'div' is even it returns square root; otherwise -> base number multiplied by itself
21921: If the value of 'val' is less than ‘coups’, return "val_one", else ->return"ValTwo".
21922: This line of the given Python script sets or gets an attribute in Flask's sessions. The value is set to 10 seconds, which
21923: If the string is reversed, returns an empty String. Otherwise it will create and append to result with <-.  The function takes in two parameters
21924: This Python function resizes an image by keeping the aspect ratio and cropping out any extra space. The new dimensions are returned as four values in order
21925: If the input is one, it returns an array with first element as product of two elements and second zero. This means that there's no other
21926: This Python function checks if every element of the first list is also present as an item on second. If it's true, then returns True;
21927: A function that takes keyword arguments and converts them to strings before passing the dictionary as an argument into another processing hooks of Django'S framework
21928: Returns tweeting data based on the doctrue and author's usernames in Elasticsearch query syntax – 'return'. The function
21929: This python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the elements of list 'l' and increments their count using dict comprehension syntax;
21930: This Python function removes the first and last segment of each list, then joins all remaining elements with dots between them using slicing method on lists which is
21931: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, then filters out those that are one character long and contain digts using lambda function to
21932: This Python function is used to classify the part of speech based on its position in text. It returns 'A' when it encounters certain parts
21933: This python function calculates the total emission of electricity based on different types. It uses lookup tables to determine how much each type emits and multiplies
21934: This function is used to calculate the leverage ratio of an investment. The input value 'n' represents how many shares are owned, and it returns
21935: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to shift right in order ​to make 'm' equal or greater than input value. It
21936: This line of the program converts two strings into lists.  The string is first converted to an array or "list" data structure, which allows
21937: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
21938: This Python script calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing two lists. It compares each corresponding element from both arrays and increments 'Score'
21939: This Python function compares two lists of tuples and returns the tuple with lower first element, or one that is equal in both elements but has
21940: This line of Python script uses the lambda function to join all elements in 'dates list' with ', '. and then prints them out.  However
21941: This function checks if the first two characters of string 's', which is supposed to be a variable name, are both underscores. If so
21942: This function checks the value of 'id' and returns it based on certain conditions, such as whether or not '/', an end character is present in
21943: This function calculates the length of each dimension in 3D space using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as one line calculation result,
21944: This Python script converts all the alphabets to lowercase, upper case and removes punctuations from given string of texts using list comprehens
21945: This Python script creates an empty list with the same length as v_lst. It then iterates over each number 'num' from ‘
21946: This is an example of linear regression model. It's used to predict the output based on two input features, 'a', and ‘b
21947: Return information about the SpotiPlaylists object, including its source type and id.  The name of it as well how many tracks are in that
21948: This function calculates the value of water resistance based on given values. The formula is derived from physics and applied to calculate it in Python programming language using
21949: This function checks if the last operation was an opposite of current one. If it is, then returns true; otherwise false after checking all possible combinations from
21950: If the key "analyses" exists, return second analysis of that particular object. Otherwise returns an empty dictionary {}.  This is used
21951: This function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It does so by converting all characters to lowercase and removing any non alph
21952: This function returns the specified dictionary of attributes from an inputted object. The returned data is in JSON format and includes all available fields, as well any
21953: This function checks if the RGB values are nonnegative. If they're not negative it returns True else False or None depending on whether there is at
21954: This function checks whether or no input is given, and returns false when it's one of two predefined strings ("hello"/*or any
21955: This function calculates the position of an object in space based on its goal and current positions. The formula is derived from physics, where it's
21956: Generated dictionary with caption as "Climate Sensitivity Equal to Global Mean Temperature". The statistics are 'Means' from
21957: This Python script returns the API version, available end points and formats.  It also provides an entry type by format mapping in JSON response structure of v
21958: If the first argument is present, it will be used as an error message and thrown exception with that msg; otherwise - assertion failure in python scripting
21959: This function takes in one argument, checks it against the regular expression pattern to see whether or not there is any matches. If no matching string exists then
21960: This function calculates the expression of receptors in an epithelial cell model based on its abundance, and then normalizes it by dividing
21961: Checks if two variables are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – one line version of the same functionality in Python
21962: This Python script reads lines from the source filename and stores them into list `s` using try/catch block to handle any exceptions that may occur during
21963: This Python function takes two tuples of 4 numbers as input. It then calculates the maximums from each pair in both pairs; it
21964: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
21965: This Python script uses an if/else statement to set the scaling factor based on different orders of magnitude, which is used in various calculations or transformations within
21966: This Python function splits the input string into individual word, removes any empty strings and then joins them back together with spaces between each one using ''.
21967: This function checks if an input is within the specified dimensions. If it's not, then raise and error with appropriate message about expected dimension size or
21968: This script trains and evaluates models using different loss functions, optimizers or metrics. It also keeps track of the best performing model during training to ensure
21969: If the value of 'a' is zero, it returns its current state.  Otherwise nothing happens and continues with next line in program flow..
21970: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of all even numbers in that range. 0 is considered to be both odd &even;
21971: This Python script calculates the average of y coordinates from given points and returns it as an output if there are less than three valid data entries; otherwise
21972: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that if any side is not valid,
21973: If the maximum bound isn’t defined, return false. Otherwise check whether it equals infinity or negative infinitesimally and handle accordingly; otherwise
21974: This line of Python function returns the title case version(capitalized first letter and lowercase all other letters).  It's used to convert
21975: This line of Python script is used to format the output from an SQL query. It takes three arguments and returns them in one string with some additional information
21976: If the input number is less than or equal to one, it returns '1'. This function will always output either "0" when given an invalid
21977: This Python script copies the image data and normalizes it by subtracting half of its values from each channel before returning normalized version as output which is then
21978: This function returns the URL of an HTTP server. It takes two parameters, 'host' and port'. The default extension is '.com', but it
21979: This function checks if the first two lines of an error message are '===' followed by any word that is not ERROR, indicating some kind or issue
21980: This line of the given Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each string in 'form' using str().replace() method with no arguments
21981: This function takes in an empty list and returns the same nonempty input as it is. If not given any arguments or passed with no argument then return
21982: This Python function checks whether the given 'baseline' dictionary contains an entry with specific keys. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise return
21983: This function converts the RGB values of an image to grayscale. The formula used is based on linear interpolation between two colors, with different
21984: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another given dict. If any value of 'None' exists, then that
21985: This function checks if the given string contains any character from ".". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there
21986: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the input array of strings to check if any string contains "__". If it does contain
21987: If the 'rootPath' dictionary contains an entry with key as "Project" then return its value, else it will default to none – Python
21988: This Python script uses the 'numpy' library to find and return an element from list of lists based on some conditions. The first condition is
21989: Checks the value of 'int' variable and returns it within certain conditions. If not, simply takes its original form as is; otherwise checks whether
21990: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21991: This Python function returns the start and end dates of past weeks, current week's totales from two fiscal years as well.  The data is
21992: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
21993: If the given 'languag' is present, return it. Else default to English message else returns "No such Language"  Message handling
21994: This Python function returns an appropriate CSS class name based on the input 'category'. It uses conditional statements to return different classes depending upon what value is passed
21995: This function checks if the input 'dims' can be considered as dimensions of an array. It does so by checking whether it’re instance type
21996: This line of the Python script is returning all data in specified database's 'table'.  It concatenates string with variable. The resultant output
21997: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of 'families' to count how many PDF files are associated with each
21998: If the given Boolean is True, set $NAME to 'ONE', otherwise it's off.  Cacheable and commented as per requirement."
21999: This Python function calculates the total force exerted on an object due to gravity at its 7th percentile radius using Euler's method
22000: This line of the given Python function returns whether or not 's' contains any part that is equal to string value. The variable name used here,
22001: If the length of version info is less than or equal to 3, it will convert only first two elements in tuple into string. Else -
22002: This Python function calculates the potential matrix and returns its first row as well. The calculation is done based on two parameters - 'potential' radius
22003: This function returns the coordinates of four points around an origin point. The radius is given as input parameter r and it's used to create these
22004: This Python script returns the "values" of all aliased records from an input JSON object.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively access and
22005: If the number 'n' is equal to one, it returns zero. This function does not do anything else and simply checks whether or no "if
22006: This function takes an email as input and returns the same in all caps.  It uses Python's builtin string method to convert it into its
22007: If both dictionaries are empty return the other one. Else merge them and then check their lengths to decide which is longer or not at all;
22008: If threshold value isn't provided, return false. Otherwise check each number against the given list of numbers and stop as soon it finds one that exceeds
22009: This function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on its types. If it's integer or floating point number then returns same value
22010: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'Sample Files' collection, checking if each file ends with ".lo[c|
22011: Returns the value of "config['analysis']['result']" from Python dictionary.  It's used to get data analysis results in an application,
22012: This function counts the number of elements above 'n' from an object. It checks whether each element within that list/object falls into one or zero
22013: This function returns the position of an object in relation to its center. It takes two parameters, 'x' and ‘y’ which represent coordinates
22014: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the names of files that match certain criteria based on user inputted values from another file
22015: This Python script calculates the number of incoming edges to each vertex/vertexes present within an input directed graph using dictionary data structure and loops respectively,
22016: If CAS value not provided then return an empty string. Else check whether the given input type of 'CAS' variable can be converted to
22017: This Python function calculates the similarity between two sets of data, using an entropy measure to quantify dissimilarity and then normalizes it by div
22018: This Python function takes in the 'shapes' of an array and returns its number rows ('ndim') along with columns. If no input is
22019: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an elementwise division between two arrays. The first array is divided by each corresponding value in second
22020: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the given 'puzzle' – which is assumed to be either
22021: If the key 'Override Location' exists in dictionary, return it; else check whether there’s an ‘Location” and then give that as
22022: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of rows and adds each unique element to 'dict' along with its corresponding value
22023: This line of the Python script is used to extract and convert third element from each string in list 'lines'.  It then returns that value as an
22024: If the given 'path' is empty, return an blank string. Else check whether last character of provided file/directory name ends with slash
22025: This line of the given Python script calculates whether `y` should be 0 or not based on if condition in parentheses is true.
22026: This Python function attempts to get the "_id" and "email", if they exist in current user's Session object else it returns two values of
22027: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22028: This function checks the input string `'Name', and returns different strings based on whether it matches certain conditions, such as being empty ("") , starting
22029: Use the dictionary to map instrument types. 	Dictionary keys are Instrument Types, and values correspond with their respective Kernel Type in PYTH
22030: This Python function is used to manipulate the input string based on certain conditions, such as checking if characters are uppercase or lower case at specific positions
22031: This Python function returns the value of 'b' in different cases. If it is zero, then return "zero". Else check whether its one
22032: This Python function checks whether the input 'Port' value falls within valid range. If it does then returns http URL with hostname & Port else raises
22033: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting one value from another, then dividing that difference
22034: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22035: Checks if two booleans are exclusive or. If both inputs to the function 'a' and input parameter, "b" have different values
22036: This function returns the string representation of num partitions and size in bytes.  The format is '<number> parts - <byte count> <message length
22037: This Python function checks if the given 'position' is valid and then calculates new coordinates based on it using some conditions or rules defined by its input
22038: This Python script generates all possible combinations of three numbers from 3 different ranges. The first number is within the specified 'range' and each subsequent two
22039: This function normalizes the input 'x' between 0 and one. It is useful in data preprocessing, where you may want to scale or
22040: This Python function splits an ISO 8601 date string into two parts using the hyphen as separator and returns it in 'YY
22041: If the input is positive, return it. Otherwise multiply by negative slope to make sure its always nonnegative and returns that value else returned as given
22042: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer. The function takes two parameters, 'align' &amp;#x3D;&
22043: This Python function calculates the weight of water based on time. It has three conditions, each corresponding to different ranges in seconds since epoch and assigns
22044: This Python function converts an 'input' value from one range to another. The conversion is done by subtracting the lower bound of source and destination
22045: This C++ program generates an external header and source files. The generated headers contain the definition of constants that are used to identify different types or tones within
22046: This function checks if the given row number is within range [1,8] inclusive as well column numbers are also in same ranges. If both conditions
22047: This Python function generates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the input 3D array 'matrix', appends it to another temporary
22048: If the "statement" key exists in dictionary and its value is 0, return none. Otherwise do nothing or perform some operation depending on what'
22049: This function checks if the hand input is either 'L', or ‘R’,or'A'. It returns True when it finds one of
22050: This Python function loads the data and distributes it among multiple processes. It calculates how many units of work are left to be done, assigns
22051: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the given 'Start' to ‘Stop’ with steps equal or opposite as defined by input parameters ('
22052: This Python script converts an input text into JSON format. The output is in the form of {"error":"<input>"}, where <inp
22053: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the same output as if it were shifted by 'delta' units. It does so using List
22054: This line of Python script copies the value in 'data' and adds 1023, then divides by four thousand. The result is
22055: This function checks whether the given dictionary has an entry with key 'cell_ty' and its value is equal to markdowm. If it
22056: This function converts strings from the 'str' type to their corresponding values stored as keys of another dictionary, using an inputted key name and returns
22057: This Python function checks the type of each element in an array, returning different strings based on its properties or characteristics such as whether it's 'None
22058: This Python script converts the input number to its individual digital components, then sums them up.  The result is returned as an integer value which represents
22059: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse the given string and extracts information about attention weights in PyTorch models using backbones like ResNet
22060: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22061: This function returns three linkers sequences. The first two are the same as in input, and third one is just an example of new type with different
22062: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from list 'l'. The keys of each entry are created by converting integer to
22063: This Python function normalizes the temperature data. It scales and shifts all values in an array to be between ‘min’ & 'scale' by
22064: If the number of cards is greater than  zero, return position plus 'n' modulo total card count. Else add one to result and
22065: This line of the given Python script returns only one word from each sentence in 'command' text, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace and
22066: This line of the given Python script splits each part in 'path' by '/', then it takes only last element and split that into two parts
22067: This Python function takes an input string of comma separated ingredient names and returns the same list with elements mixed up randomly using FIFO principle as per request
22068: This Python function finds the maximum possible subsequence of an array. It iterates over all sequences and keeps track with current highest sums found so far to
22069: This Python function reads the configuration file based on given 'Log Level' and returns its path as string which is then used to load or create logger object
22070: This Python function calculates the cube of each digit and sums them up. If they are equal to original input, it means that all digtis
22071: This line of Python script replaces the apostrophes in string with appropriate Unicode characters to make them look like quotes, which is useful when working
22072: This function returns the string 'whichever' in Python. It is used to demonstrate how functions work and what they can do, but it doesn
22073: This Python function reshapes the input arrays to be one dimension and then performs elementwise division of 'A' by "X" plus another array
22074: This function checks whether the given key is present as part of another dictionary's primary or secondary index. If it exists, then returns that value;
22075: This Python function takes an object and returns its attributes as dictionary.  It uses the builtin dict comprehension to create new key/value pairs from
22076: If there are no true spanned entities, the model predicts that all predictions have not been spanned. Otherwise it calculates and returns an evaluation
22077: This is the first part of our implementation which checks whether or no we are dealing with non isotropically scaled images and returns appropriate parameters based on that
22078: This Python function checks whether the URL ends with "/" and, in case it does not end up being true,"removes one character from right of
22079: If the previous mean of data points isn't known, it assigns 'k=0.9', otherwise calculates difference between current and last
22080: Return JSON object with title and list of paragraph objects. Each Paragraph has its own Context text along side the questions & answers in it respectively –
22081: This function returns the appropriate string based on an inputted character. It checks each condition in order and stops at first match, so it's more
22082: This function returns the three elements of an array, which are all strings. The first two represent type and id respectively while third element is url in string
22083: This line of the script is setting up an instance variable 'self' to hold some form or type, which could be any object that has been passed
22084: This function returns an empty dictionary with the given parameters. The format of returned string is '{at} {from}, which was conducted between {}, and
22085: This function takes an input string, and returns the same output as before but with all digits removed. It does so by using list comprehension to
22086: This python function calculates the energy of an object given its mass, gravity and height in meters using Newton's law to calculate potential power output from
22087: This function returns 'one' when the input is greater than or equal to .8, and '- one'- otherwise it just passes through its value as
22088: This Python function calculates the energy of an object given its mass and volume, using Einstein's formula E = h*f where f is frequency
22089: This Python function checks the value of 'data' and assigns it to an appropriate type. If no match is found, then returns "None".
22090: If the format is 'color', return an appropriate value. Otherwise, raise error with unknown argument provided in else clause of conditionals statement.";
22091: Checks whether the given text is present within an array of strings. If it's there, returns true; otherwise false or empty string/null
22092: This function checks the conditions to perform an operation. If any of these condition is not met, it returns zero as result; otherwise performs specified operations and
22093: This Python script creates two empty lists and then iterates over the input zip object to populate these with elements from each pair of corresponding indices within an
22094: Constructs an object with type 'defaultslotslotarchive' and arguments.  The argument is the slot archive description which will be used to construct
22095: This function splits an IP address into its four parts and checks if they are all within the valid range of ‘0’ to '25
22096: Checks if the object has an attribute named 'Class', which is either of type Input, OutElectronics. It also checks whether it contains key
22097: If the 'other' parameter isn’t provided, return whatever value it was given. Otherwise check whether or not its first element falls within our current
22098: This function takes in 4 parameters and returns the concatenated result of these four strings. The first two are simply appended to each other with an
22099: Checks if the number is prime and also checks divisibility by numbers up to its square root. If both conditions are met then it's
22100: This function checks whether the input number is within specified range. If it's not, then return either minimum or maximum value based on which falls below
22101: This line of Python script will drop the specified key space.  The function takes in one parameter, which is 'keystone' and returns string
22102: This function calculates the position of an item in relation to its size. It takes into account that items are distributed evenly across their container, and
22103: This function takes an Int32 and divides it by the given FPS to get its equivalent in frames. It then rounds down using 'floor
22104: This Python script creates an experiment name using the given parameters. The format of these names is 'exp_{mod}_f={}v'. For example
22105: This script loops over all configurations and checks if the "Is Enable?" flag of each configuration. If it'd be false, then we set its
22106: "Converts an array to binary"   Code Snippet : ```python def convert_toBinaryArray(): pass```	"Function Name
22107: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from two different lists. It then checks if keys are present only once within the new created
22108: This function takes an input value and returns the result of dividing it by 1.478 to get rid off any scaling issues, then
22109: This Python function generates an empty string and then fills it with the squares of numbers from one to 'N' on each line. The number is squ
22110: This function counts the number of times that an element is found within another list. It uses absolute difference between two elements from both lists and checks if it
22111: This function converts binary numbers represented as lists of bits to an integer. The list is reversed before conversion, and the resultant number returned after
22112: Removes all special characters from the string.  It replaces ')' with nothing and semicolons/tabs are removed as well in place of
22113: This line of the given Python script calculates an object distance, which is negative and depends on two parameters. The first parameter 'm' determines how
22114: This function calculates the growth rate of an investment. It takes as input two parameters, 'investment' and ‘mature’ which are
22115: This function splits an ISO date into its components. If the input is not in 'YYY'-'MMM'/'DD', it returns
22116: This Python function returns the appropriate URL scheme based on whether SSL is used in your application's configuration or not, ie., it either 'returns
22117: This function calculates the value of F3 based on two input parameters, φ bulk and Φ w. It uses an approximation to calculate
22118: This function checks if the first and last characters of 'input string are either alphabets OR underscores'. If they aren’t,
22119: If the number is 0, return an empty string. Otherwise it should always end with 'm'. The function returns either '' or '\n'
22120: This Python script checks if the input string matches with regular expression pattern "version". If it does match then returns true else false or None depending on whether
22121: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the formatted string with leading zeros up to that number of digitis, using zero padding if necessary
22122: This Python script generates an X shape pattern using the number of '*' characters as per its line index and also takes into account that it should start
22123: This Python function returns the corresponding string based on an input. If 'gender' is “M”, it will return as male; otherwise
22124: This Python function calculates the unit vector of 3D point in space with coordinates 'v' and returns it as two values ('u', "
22125: This Python script calculates the relative coordinates of each point from its reference center and returns two lists; one with references to these calculated points' centers ('
22126: Increments the value of 'h' by 1 and returns both values. The first one is stored in variable "x", while second comes from
22127: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
22128: This Python function converts all the letters of each string to lowercase using list comprehension and appending them into another new array, 'convert'.
22129: This Python script calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two vectors using dictionary lookups and basic arithmetic operations on integers or floats as
22130: This Python function calculates the Hamming Distance between two sequences. It compares each pair of elements from both input lists, and increments '
22131: This Python function generates an EPSG Code based on the given Latitude. If it's positive, then “+” is appended to
22132: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22133: This Python script converts the input string to lowercase if it's equal 'AWSBatch', and returns different strings based on that condition,
22134: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'resul't'. The resulting dictionaries is then returned as output
22135: Returns the size of an object in bytes.  It's used to get information about objects like their sizes, memory usage etc..   [...]
22136: This function pads the inputted 'sequences' with padding tokens until they reach or exceed maximum length specified by parameter "MAX". It then returns two
22137: This Python script splits each row of the input file into columns and returns two elements from these column lists, which are assumed to be in positions
22138: This function returns the result of comparing two strings. It compares if one string is equal to another, returning true or false accordingly based on whether they
22139: This Python function calculates the offset of an LED strip. The input is two bytes, 'lead' and 'tail'. If these are less than
22140: Try to get and calculate mTime of given filename, if it fails due an error then print appropriate message else returns calculated value in days from epoch timestamp
22141: Removes the 'Activity Link' from exchangedata if it exists and is present as an item of list `removeMe` – Code sn
22142: This Python function calculates the semi major axis of an ellipse given its length and aspect ratio, using Euler's number as constant to
22143: This Python script creates an array of the number days in each month. It uses February 8th as its "leap year" day and calcul
22144: This Python function checks whether 'a' is divisible by another number, and returns the result of that division. If not it adds one to get
22145: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
22146: This line of Python script returns the symmetric difference between two lists. The '^' operator is used to find elements that are in either l1 or
22147: This Python function takes in the string 'dimensions', splits it into individual elements using "X" as delimiter and converts each element
22148: This Python function checks the value of 'grid' and returns an appropriate list based on it. It supports only three levels in 3D space with
22149: This Python script converts two tuples into lists, adds the second elements of each pair in these respective arrays and then returns them as another array
22150: This function calculates the remainder of x+0.5 divided by one in Python and then subtracts half from it to get an equivalent value
22151: Returns whether the first character of 'cave' is uppercase.  This function checks if all characters in "CAVE" are also capitalized
22152: This Python function calculates the maximum and minimum values of an array. It takes two parameters; 'X' is your input list/array which you
22153: This line of the Python script returns one word from an array 'Words' which is found to be maximum in terms by using its index as keys
22154: This Python function converts the input value to an integer, then rounds it and returns as string. If any error occurs during conversion or rounding process
22155: This Python script calculates the ratio of two waveform differences and converts it to frequency using an assumed speedup factor, 30 times faster
22156: This Python script converts the dictionary 'keys' into another format using list comprehension and dictionaries to create new entries with values from original key/
22157: This Python script calculates the largest prime number less than or equal to given limit. The function 'largest_prime' takes an integer as input
22158: This function calculates the absolute value of 'value' and then divides it by its own "magnetic" length. The result is returned as
22159: This function takes in the version number as string and returns it with major.minor formatting by splitting on '.' character then joining first two elements
22160: This line of Python script calculates the rounded value based on some mathematical operations and returns it as an integer, which is then used in another part or
22161: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns maximum difference between last bar's value from first frame.  It is used to determine how
22162: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'SRNIR' narrowed down to RE. The calculation is done by dividing
22163: This line of the given Python script creates an empty list called "Mask" and appends tuples to it with values ​​(16
22164: A function that checks whether the given number is palindromic or not. It does so by reversing and checking with original numbers, but it
22165: This function returns the sum of 'a' and another number divided by variable x.  It is used to perform some mathematical operation in Python programming language
22166: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two vectors. It uses list comprehension and builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements
22167: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another iterable. If there are duplicate keys present within that other collection of
22168: This function takes in two arguments and returns the concatenation of them with an added pipe symbol. It uses Python's builtin `reduce`
22169: This function calculates the maximum number of sentences before and after any given contextual word to be considered as "important". The result is returned by two
22170: This function deletes an item from the dictionary and replaces it with another. It then returns updated dictioanry – one line of Python
22171: This Python script is used to reduce the size of dictionary by removing unnecessary keys from 'treatments' dictionaries and assigning them values as default
22172: This function checks if the given value is within valid range of ‘heading’ variable. If it's not, returns 'False'. Otherwise -
22173: This Python function checks if the two given numbers are anagrams of each other by converting them to strings and comparing their character lists, which is then
22174: This function returns an empty list when the input expression is of length  zero and otherwise it appends to 'result' only those elements that are different
22175: This Python script reads configuration file and returns list of nonempty lines from it using the split function, stripping leading/trailing whitespace with built
22176: This function takes an array of values and returns them joined by commas in one line using the join() method, similar to how it would work with
22177: This function returns the URL of an HTTP server. It takes two parameters - 'host' and ‘port’ which are used to formulate our
22178: This Python script calculates the maximum sequence length among all sequences. The variable 'sequences' is assumed to be an iterable of strings, where
22179: This function creates three masks, one that filters out points within the given distance from an origin point. The other two are used to further filter these
22180: This function normalizes the input x to be between 0 and one, with values ranging from 'min' through max. It is useful in data
22181: Creates an empty “grid” of height x width with all elements initialized to zero. This is essentially the same as creating and initializing two
22182: This function returns the value of 'amount' if it is greater than 0, else return -1. The variable "verbose" was set
22183: This function checks if the given nonces matches with an expected hash. It uses bitwise operation to compare two hashes, returning true or false accordingly
22184: Simulation parameters are set to default values with the given frequency and maximum iterations/tolerance as per user input; no model is used here because
22185: This function checks if two variables are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True or None depending on the type of comparison used
22186: This Python function checks the slope of two points and returns an appropriate value based on whether or not it is negative. If so then return its negation
22187: This function checks the data types of an item and its corresponding variable's value before returning some values based on that check result in case when it is
22188: This Python script simulates the game of Monty Hall problem. It changes one door to be 'carried' and then reveals two other unop
22189: This Python function takes three parameters. The first is the transaction dictionary and two boolean flags indicating whether to subtract or multiply by negative one (-neg
22190: This function returns the normalized coordinates of an object in 4D space. The normalization is done by dividing each coordinate with its respective dimension to get
22191: If the strings are not of equal length, return false. Otherwise check each character from both string to see whether they match and also ensure that last characters
22192: This line of the given Python script returns 'spouse' from an input list called `derived`. The function is expected to be used with
22193: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22194: If the input string is equal to `'now',` it returns current timestamp in UTC timezone. Else just convert $1 into date format
22195: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated based on two input parameters, 'epsilon' which represents some
22196: If the given 'language' is in English, return its equivalent translation to British Standard ('English - United States'). Otherwise do nothing.  This function
22197: This function returns the appropriate optimizers based on input 'method'. It supports different methods like Gaussian Processes Minimization ("gpmin"), Gradient
22198: This line of the Python script converts an input string to all uppercase letters using .upper(). The result is then compared with three possible values,
22199: This Python script updates the dictionary 'object' with variables from another object or general if it is not present already and then returns updated dictonary as
22200: This function checks whether the string contains any hyphen and returns two parts of it. If no such character is found then only one part will be returned
22201: This Python function returns the appropriate multiconfiguration command based on IP address, which can be either “Multiple Routing Table” or '
22202: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output variable "phase" which is calculated by dividing t with 'best period' then
22203: This Python script is used to merge two dictionaries. It iterates over the second dictionary and merges it with each of its subsequent ones until reaching
22204: Opens the file in write mode and creates it if not exists. If already exist then opens that to read/write modes only – otherwise an
22205: This script checks the JSON data to see whether there are any buckets that do have no datasets or whose first point is empty; it removes these from
22206: This Python script splits the given 'movies' file paths into their component parts, then extracts and returns only filename from its end part which
22207: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
22208: This function takes an input string and shifts each character by the given number of positions. It only works with lowercase or upper case alphabets
22209: This Python function finds the index of '(', if it doesn't find any, returns original string; otherwise extracts and strips leading/tra
22210: This Python function converts all lower case letters in the input string to their corresponding capitalized version. If they are not, it leaves them as is
22211: This function returns the CEPs number and displays an error message if it fails to validate."(END OF CODE BLOCKS)" }'
22212: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the form of four separate values representing Red Green Blue Alpha. It does so by using bit
22213: Returns the first object with matching primary key from given query set, or returns 'None' when no such an element is found – one line Python
22214: This Python script splits the string into key/value pairs using comma as separator and stores them to dictionary format with keys being unique identifiers of
22215: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
22216: This function checks if the given MIME type is either 'Text HTML' or an XML document.  It returns True when it finds one of these
22217: This Python function checks the type of input value and converts it to appropriate data types. If string contains decimal point then convert as floating number otherwise integer
22218: This Python function attempts to get the last modification time of an input file, returning zero if it doesn't exist or cannot be accessed due some other
22219: Checks whether the string ```python` starts with "..." ends in '...' 	and has more than six characters; returns true only
22220: This line of the program calculates and stores in variables 'x' & y', which are maximum values between two boxes.  The first value is
22221: This line of the given Python script is setting 'light' as an attribute in our data structure named "response". The value assigned to it, which
22222: This line of the Python script returns an ASCII character corresponding to its label. The 'ch' prefix is used because it stands out from other characters
22223: This Python function takes an RGB value and returns the corresponding grayscale equivalent. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply each component of input
22224: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with the keys converted to lowercase as per your instructions; however it does not handle any exceptions
22225: Check the lengths and raise an error, as required.  If they are not different in size then it's fine otherwise do nothing or perform some
22226: This function returns the result of formatting an amount with specified prefixes.  The input is in CAD and output will be converted to DEC
22227: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise AND operation on byte and its corresponding position in binary representation. The result will be either zero
22228: This function checks the scores of all students in an array. If no student's list is provided or there are none left to check then it returns
22229: This is an implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'N', and returns its corresponding
22230: If 'Preview' is found within the key of `CoverAttachments`, it removes that from dictionary else adds an empty string as
22231: This Python function tries to find the colon in an input string and if it doesn't exist, raises or prints error message. If found then returns
22232: This script creates an empty dictionary named 'Output' and populates it with the data from pin objects if their direction is set to output using Python programming
22233: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or contains only dots and returns the corresponding value from 'Instance' dictionary based on its segments
22234: This line of the Python function returns whether or not 'n' is odd. It does so by using bitwise AND operation with one, which gives
22235: This Python function takes two lists as input - 'label' and ‘predict’ which are the output of your model after training on some data set
22236: This function checks if the given abbreviation is present as an exact match or part of another word from input string, case insensitive comparison with both lower
22237: This Python script performs matrix multiplication on three input arrays. The result is returned as the sum of each element multiplied by its corresponding index from different matrices
22238: This Python function takes three parameters r and/or hue as input. If both are provided it converts the RGB values to HSL then returns
22239: If the property is present, assign it to prop. Else set its value as 'Unnamed' – Code snippet used during debug
22240: This line of the Python function returns two values, which are calculated by subtracting corresponding elements from each pair in '(list)' parameters.  The
22241: This Python function calculates the Julian day number based on given year, month and time parameters in hours since midnight of that date using an approximation method
22242: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22243: If the input is 'nothing', it returns an empty string. Else, just prefixes with AND and appends column name to indicate that we
22244: This Python function calculates the value of Alpha based on temperature, using an equation that is linear in nature and depends only upon Celsius temp
22245: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'value'. The result is returned as an integer. It uses various combinations of AND, SHIF
22246: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22247: This line of the script calculates and assigns to variable 'PM' maximum value between two given values. The first parameter is divided by second one
22248: This Python function takes two lists as input, finds the intersection of their elements and returns it in another format. The result is converted back to its original
22249: This function checks whether the given string is in rST format or not by using regular expression matching with Python's built -ins `occursin
22250: If the number 'n' is zero, then it returns False. This means that 1/3 of all numbers are not prime and hence cannot
22251: This function takes in an input string, and returns the first character of that String converted to UpperCase. The rest part is returned as it was but
22252: This function checks if one range is completely inside another. It returns True or False based on the conditions given in your problem statement, which are that '
22253: Update an existing 'annotations' document in Elasticsearch.  The new value of the '_ops/@fields/_value" field is set
22254: A function that generates the URL format based on given parameters in Racket language using String and Replace functions from Lisp family languages like Python or JavaScript
22255: Returns the total size of all files in "data" dictionary.  It's assumed that 'sizeOfFile(file)' function returns file sizes
22256: This function returns the string 'fizzy' when number is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it will check whether that particular digit can
22257: This function checks if the first list is subset of second. If it's true, then return "True", else false or an error message indicating
22258: This script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'list' object from given YAML file and checks if it is equal
22259: If both parts are empty, return zero; otherwise check the second part of each pair to determine their relative order in terms that they represent versions numbers separated
22260: This function checks if the first word of each string in an array starts with 'pretty' or not, and returns another list containing only those strings that
22261: Returns True if the area of an object is positive, False otherwise.  This function checks whether or not to draw that line in our program based on
22262: If the coordinates of two points are equal in both dimensions then return their distance. Else if they're on different lines but have one point common
22263: This Python script counts the number of "non-" app"s". It does so by iterating over all given 'frame' objects, checking if
22264: If '::' is not used, the function will always evaluate to True. Otherwise it checks whether account value minus two times less than or equal an
22265: This function splits the input string into an array of individual word(s).  It uses space as separator to split sentences/words in Python
22266: If the input 'arg' type of function `is` instance to be either List or Dict then it will iteratively process each element/value
22267: This function checks whether the given number is power of two or not. If it's less than equal to zero, then return false else check with
22268: If the absolute value of r[i] is less than 𝜀, set ε to be very small. Otherwise calculate and store
22269: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22270: This line of the Python function checks if 'reply' is one among three possible responses. If it does, then returns that response; otherwise -
22271: This function converts an integer to string, and if the length of that number is 4 or less it returns them in binary format. If they
22272: This Python function creates an identity matrix of the given 'siz'e. The condition checks if s is greater than  zero and throws error message
22273: This function checks if the input string is composed of only printable ASCII characters using regular expression matching, which means it should be empty after removing all
22274: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22275: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary "d" with five key/value pairs. Then it uses list comprehension to create an output array
22276: Creates dictionary with embedded data from 'status' object in Python 3 using get() method to avoid KeyError if the key is not found,
22277: This line of the program is replacing "return" with an empty string, effectively removing it from all strings stored within 'words' dictionary keys."
22278: This Python script splits the Gaphor Version string into its components, converts them to integers using builtin functions in python 3/6 respectively
22279: This Python function converts hexadecimal string to integer. If the result is greater than or equal with value of 'int', it will be
22280: This function calculates the value of ssq, which is half less than absolute difference between sum and size. It then returns that result after taking its
22281: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns keys to the values of first name, last Name & email respectively. The final output is also returned
22282: This Python function converts an integer to string, and if the length of that number is 6 or less it returns as such. If more than
22283: This Python script calculates the Mean Squared Error of two lists 'b' and its difference from list ‘c’ using numpy
22284: This Python function checks the length of an input list and raises assertion error when it's not equal to four elements or is inappropriate format ie
22285: This Python function copies the original dictionary and excludes certain keys from it using list comprehension, if they exist within that copy of dictioanry
22286: This Python function takes as input an object 'd' and returns another dictionary with the same keys but values that are nonempty strings or numbers from original
22287: This script checks the type of each circuit element and then returns its corresponding network name. If it's not an 'if', or any other sub
22288: This function checks whether the given point is within certain conditions. If it's in one of two specific positions (-6,-7), then return false
22289: If the length of 'Text' is greater than or equal to ‘Max Length’, it will return part/all portion from Text with
22290: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between x and y is less than ‘epsilon’, which in other terms means they are
22291: This script reads lines from the file 'state' which contains information about voting results of different Districts, and stores them into dictionary with keys as names
22292: If the denominator is not zero, it returns an expression. Otherwise，it calculates and return average of two numbers divided by their difference in numer
22293: This line of Python function returns the quotient and remainder from performing division by six. It's used to convert seconds into minutes/hours format in
22294: This Python function returns the asset ID from an input dictionary.  The "feature" is expected to be in JSON format and it's assumed that
22295: This script creates an empty dictionary called 'next_traind' and populates it with the indices of trains at each stop. The keys are names
22296: This script calculates the square of each element in an array 'np' using numpy library and stores it back into another variable named "rhos
22297: This function checks whether the probability of being porn is greater than or equal to half and returns either 'yes' ('returning value') based on that
22298: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on ':' and then converts them to floats if possible, returning either one of
22299: This function takes in the file system's full or partial paths and returns two strings, one with only drive letter(or "" on empty string input
22300: If the lists 'list_rm' & ‘lists dlete’ are empty then return an empy dicts else find minimum values from each
22301: This is an example of linear regression model in Python. It takes three parameters alpha,beta and gama to calculate the output y based on input features
22302: This line of the Python function checks if length is greater than or equal to 6. It returns True when password's character count reaches at least
22303: "A simple Python script to generate an HTML table from data" (END OF SUMMARY)."""  ```python ```html_table
22304: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the keys 'result' if they exist, otherwise assigns them to their respective values. The
22305: This line of Python script checks if all the results from running rules have status SUCCEEDING. If they do, it prints True; otherwise
22306: This function will take an array of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python's built in 'sum()'. Code language used
22307: Returns true if the argument is equal to 'bar', false otherwise.  Code checks whether an input string matches exactly with one of two predefined
22308: This Python script converts all digits from the input string to an integer and returns it as output, without any other characters or spaces present within that
22309: This function checks whether two numbers are equal or not. If they're the same, it returns zero; otherwise return an error value depending on their
22310: This function calculates the value of Beta in the equation h * r / k. It returns that result as "Bi".  Code is written
22311: This Python function reverses the order of elements in an input string, then splits it into individual word and counts them as n is assigned with their
22312: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary where each UID is used as keys and their corresponding value set to 'False'.  It's
22313: This Python function calculates the new address after adding 16 bytes to it, then adds another byte of padding. The result is returned as an
22314: This Python function calculates the corrected haversine angle by taking absolute value of hartenstein's formula and then finding its remainder when divided
22315: This Python function returns the RGB values of red color when 'label' is equal to"Red", green otherwise and blue. The order in which these
22316: If the value of 'Red' is greater than 1% increase, then increment by .9%. Otherwise decrement to original level when less or
22317: This line of the Python function checks if two lists have equal first elements. If they do, it also verifies that their third element is as well
22318: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. It uses list comprehension and builtin functions to achieve that goal efficiently without using any additional
22319: This function checks whether the first character of `param` is an opening curly brace. If it does not start with one and only then it conver
22320: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22321: Code returns the longest string from an array of strings. If there are multiple such elements, it will only consider one and ignore all others that have same
22322: A dictionary comprehension that creates an object where the keys are ids and values being repoTags. (END SUMMARY).'   #
22323: This function calculates the heart rate zone based on Pulse and Respiration Rate data using an equation derived from medical research literature that takes into account
22324: This line of the Python function calculates an error rate based on gate errors and dimensions. The formula is derived from mathematical principles, where it's
22325: This Python function returns the indices of all occurrences “character” within "strin". It uses an enumeration to iteratively go through
22326: This script is used to generate the list of nodes from an input dictionary and map them with their corresponding tags or roles if available else it will just return
22327: Checks whether the input 'n' meets certain conditions. If it doesn’t meet these criteria an error will occur with message "The value of
22328: This function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit. It takes one argument, c in degrees of temperature and returns the equivalent value converted
22329: This line of the program converts all input to lowecase. If it encounters any value that is either “False”, null or
22330: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser, which can lead in security issues if
22331: This function calculates the result of multiplying two numbers and then subtracting half from it, which is equivalent to performing multiplication followed by division operation in
22332: This function checks if the given number is not equal to its rounded value. It does so by comparing two values, and returns True only when they are
22333: This function checks if two strings are anagrams. It returns false as soon it finds any character that is missing from the other string, and then
22334: This Python function calculates the time in hours and minutes from an input of total seconds. If it's greater than 1 day, then returns
22335: This Python script converts an inputted dictionary into another one by swapping the keys and values of it using zip(). The resulting new dictionaries are
22336: This Python script splits the input string into two parts based on whether it contains an "." or not using conditional statements and tuple unpacking to assign
22337: If the variable 'authors' does not exist, assign it with default value of an image URL from png key website and return that url as
22338: A function that takes in an input string, checks if it is valid Hexadecimal and returns True or False.  The first two characters
22339: This function takes in the top left and bottom right coordinates of an image as input. It then calculates their width 'w' by subtracting them
22340: This function checks whether the input 'file' parameter contains multiple files. If it does contain more than one file then returns first element of that sequence else
22341: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22342: This Python script calculates the checksum of card numbers. It iteratively goes through each number from first to last and multiplies it by two if
22343: This line of the given python script checks if an extension in .file ending is ".python". If it's true, then return True; otherwise
22344: A command to run flake8 on the file passed as argument.  The output is returned by function in Python scripting language using 'return'
22345: Generates list of permissions with user as the type from given media files' data – one line only using Python syntax and no external libraries or modules
22346: If the variable 'value' in function call, return its content. Else it will check whether there exists an entry with key equal to "header
22347: Code is used to create an object of type 'MyClass' with properties and methods. The class has two fields, one integer field named "num
22348: This Python function calculates the average of two values and returns them as tuples. The first value is calculated by subtracting half from one side
22349: This Python function calculates the average of three numbers and returns them as two separate variables 'X' & Y'. The input parameters are named "a
22350: This Python script joins two lists and removes duplicates. The result is then converted to set, which automatically eliminating any duplicate values from the final output
22351: This Python script filters out records from the given list that are not present on any of specified keys within an allowed set using dictionary comprehension and conditional statement
22352: This script prints the different parts of an object's types and names, which is useful to understand how objects are being used in your program or library
22353: This Python function takes as input an XML document, checks if it contains certain keys ("title", etc.), concatenates their values into one string. If
22354: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on three coefficients. The coefficient 'a' is squared, and then multiplied by another
22355: This Python function checks whether the given 'year' is leap or not. It returns true when it’s divisible by both four and one hundred
22356: This function returns the difference between two values 'b' and another value 'e'.  It is similar to subtracting one number from an other.
22357: This Python function checks if the status of an object is either 'Not Cancelled' or Interrupted, with Start DateTime present on Timelines.
22358: This Python script iterates over the dictionary 'd' and prints out each pair of keys/values it finds within that dictonary using f string
22359: This function calculates the total integer value of an inputted parameters based on their respective types and values in Python programming language using type casting or conversion functions
22360: This function checks if all the given permutations are present as elements of an array. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
22361: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by dividing index with one hundred and twenty(which equals to ten in
22362: This function returns the given number's position within an array of numbers. The positions are numbered from zero to twenty seven and each element is assigned
22363: This Python function checks whether the input `X` exists and it's not an empty string before performing operations on its elements; otherwise returns nothing when
22364: This function splits the input string into two parts at each occurrence of '-' and returns them as separate strings or just return original unmodified value
22365: This function calculates the ratio of two values. It takes into account an 'offset' value and uses it to adjust both numbers before performing division operations
22366: This Python function performs bitwise operations on an integer, shifting it to the left and right. The result is then combined with original value of 'S
22367: This Python script calculates the minimum possible total amount of "FUEL" needed to move all cows along an array. The FUN is
22368: Throws an error if the limit or pages are not positive numbers. If they're, it returns header and current values as specified in provided string
22369: Returns the type of content based on its 'mediaType' parameter. If it is not one listed, returns an invalid message instead  [...]
22370: This function calculates the value of 'y' in linear interpolation between two points. The formula is based on one point being at x=0
22371: This Python script is designed to calculate the number of parameters in an image. The input shape, which should be 4D with dimensions [batch size
22372: This Python script checks the name of an import or function and returns different strings based on its conditions, which are defined in your comments above it as '
22373: " + str(self.colors[0])  # Summary of the first color in colors list}... }"}}' %}"
22374: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns the same output as long with keys that are not 'fileName' removed from it using Dictionary Compre
22375: This function calculates the ratio of two large numbers and returns an integer. The result is then squared to give us another number that can be used
22376: If the key 'TimmedAppend' is found and its value equals to true, it converts that into lowercase. Then checks whether APP
22377: This Python script loops over the list of vertex names, extracts each name from "<MESH>".VTX and append it to '
22378: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22379: This Python script generates an expression string from the given list of tuples. The first element is multiplied by ''. If it's greater
22380: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values in an array of two numbers. It then multiplies that by 'extend' ratio divided
22381: This Python script splits the input string into two parts separated by ':' and converts them to integers before returning their sum as total time in min
22382: This Python function takes in the string 'region' and splits it into two parts using ':'. The first part is assumed to be chromosome
22383: Code takes three parameters and returns the concatenation of them.  It's used to join strings in R programming language using ',' as separator
22384: This line of the given Python script is returning an id from one specific column in dataframe. The variable "row" and its key are not defined
22385: This line of Python script joins the elements in list "version" with '.', and then converts them to string type using map() function which is
22386: This Python function checks the input 'year' and returns it in different units of time. If year is less than one fifth, then return as number
22387: This program will double the number until it reaches or exceeds given input.  It uses an integer type and keeps on doubling till its limit is reached
22388: This line of the program is reducing 'sigma' by its initial value, V0. It seems to be an attempt at normalizing or scaling down
22389: A dictionary is created to store learning rates based on the parameters of each specific optimization algorithm used by PyTorch's torchnet library and returns
22390: Removes single and double quotes from text.  It replaces the unicode characters \' with ' & \"', respectively to represent them in string
22391: This Python function calculates the XOR Cheksm of an array. The result is returned as output which can be used to verify if any corruption
22392: This Python script reverses the order of each word within an input string, but leaves all other characters unchanged and returns it as one long line with spaces
22393: A dynamic programming solution to the Fibonacci sequence. The time complexity is O(N). It uses an array 'dp' where each
22394: This Python script checks if the first character of an input string 'name' starts with "S". If it does, then return true; otherwise false
22395: This function splits the input string into hours minutes and seconds using ':' as separator. Then it converts these values to integer type in order
22396: This Python function checks whether the input 'x' satisfies certain conditions to proceed with further computations in an algorithmic way; otherwise it returns false immediately
22397: This function returns the suffix of ordinal number based on its position. For example it will return 'd', but when we have positions like one st
22398: This function checks if the 'job' object contains either of two specific keys ('Debug', and/or ‘StandAlone Debug’). If
22399: This function checks the type of input 'V' and performs different actions based on its value or data types in Python programming language."   [1]
22400: This function calculates the weighted average of two values. If distance within an intervals exceeds its defined size, it raises error; and also checks whether minimum
22401: This Python script replaces all zeros with Naive values. It uses the builtin function 'float' to assign "Not A Number" value
22402: This function calculates the relative sea level change over time. It takes in two parameters, 'period' and ‘seaLevel’ which represent how
22403: This Python function calculates the ratio of electric and thermal energy produced by an object, given its power output in watts(W). The formula used
22404: This function returns default values when no arguments are provided in the input parameters; otherwise it uses these as inputs to create and return an object with specified properties
22405: This function checks whether the input integer is  zero or not. If it's equal to one, then returns True as that means its an edge
22406: This Python function takes an input dictionary 'adj' and returns another dict with the same keys but values are taken from nested dictionaries within that key of
22407: This Python function converts strings that represent "Yes", or the truthy values into `TRUE` and those representing no/noisy responses with
22408: If no specific groups are provided, it defaults to the list of all available ones in 'GROUPERS'.  This includes ALL and time.* as well
22409: Checks if the given 'int' type variable lies within specified range. 1st line checks whether it’s an integer; second one ver
22410: This Python script checks whether the given string contains "__" and then splits it into three parts using "_". The second part of split will be
22411: If the length of 'x' is zero, return value from variable "y". Otherwise add both variables and then returns result.  This function will
22412: This function calculates the fuel mass of an object by dividing it's initial weight with three and subtracting two. If resulting value is less
22413: This function checks whether the input is within range of an integer. If it's greater than or equal to two raised by three times one minus on
22414: Checks whether input variables are of equal lengths. If not it raises an error because they should all be present in their respective data sets/arrays
22415: This is an implementation of the Convolutional Neural Network using Keras. The model has been trained on CIFAR dataset and it's
22416: This function splits the input string into individual lines using Python's split method, and returns them as list of strings in reverse order to maintain original
22417: This line of Python script creates and returns the string "<RUN NAME> - <NR> <". The variables 'f' is used to format strings
22418: This line of the Python script checks whether or no an 'source' id exists. If it does, then raises exception stating "not Yet Implement
22419: This function takes an input value in seconds and returns the number of full days it represents. It does so by dividing given time period with total hours
22420: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by multiplying 'denominators' with ‘precision’
22421: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in which an object can be placed to fit within its bounding box. The size s is halfed and
22422: This Python function returns an object with either the content type and XRW headers or just one of them. The decision is based on whether 'include
22423: If the string starts with "///", remove it from its beginning and return, else leave as given – Return original strings in all other cases."
22424: If the number is less than or equal to zero, it returns '0'. Else continue with calculation.::String   else        result = "
22425: Code calculates the sums of two lists. If they are not equal length it raises an error and then halves one list to be used as both
22426: This line of Python script returns the reverse string.  It uses slicing to get characters from end till start in steps - which is equivalent with revers
22427: This Python function calculates the distance between two points on Earth's surface using Haversine formula and returns it in kilometers as an output
22428: This function checks if an item is present within the hay stack. If found, returns true; otherwise false and stops further execution of looping through need
22429: This function returns the string 'input' if it is either white or black, otherwise return other.  It uses an `if` statement to check
22430: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an output based on some input parameters, which is not shown in detail here as it's
22431: Creates an array of dictionaries with user information. Each dictionary contains the name and groups that are assigned to each new account created by SSH key authentication
22432: If the input string is empty, it returns that same value.  Otherwise...   else -> Return "Hello" + ' ',text+'
22433: This Python function takes in the path of an image and returns its shortened version by removing unnecessary parts from it, if possible; otherwise return original one
22434: This function normalizes the data to fit within an interval of [min, max]. The normalization formula is derived from scaling and translating. It'
22435: This function returns the intersection of two lists. It compares their lengths and swaps them to ensure that one is not longer than another before finding its
22436: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22437: This line of the Python script checks if either "dir" is within one directory up from its current location. If it finds such, then returns True
22438: This function converts the input string to all lowecase letters if it is either 'Yes', ‘True’, or an integer equal/
22439: This Python function tries to convert an unicode byte string into its equivalent ASCII representation. If the conversion fails due some error like 'Inexexact
22440: This Python function returns the corresponding string based on an inputted integer. The integers range from ‘index’ to '(n - i)' and
22441: This Python function checks the type of each element in an input list. If it's string then check whether that value represents negative number or zero;
22442: This line of the given C++ function is performing an arithmetic shift operation on 'bits' positions to right. The resultant value from shifting will
22443: This function checks whether the variable is present as key to dictionary. If it's there then replaces its value with another one else returns false or
22444: This Python script creates sets from two lists, computes the intersection and union of these created Sets. It then returns their lengths divided by each other to
22445: If the number of open parentheses in an expression exceeds 1, return False. Otherwise - True or "is/not" depending on whether
22446: If the input 'Name' variable isn’t provided then return false; otherwise check whether it has any non whitespace characters at its start and end
22447: This function takes in the filename as input and returns its extension using Python's builtin 'os', ‘splittext’, or list slic
22448: This function returns the concatenation of "string" with an underscore ("_" ), followed by 'set id', another underline and then joined name
22449: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22450: This function checks the validity of an email notifications. It firstly verifies that 'notification' is present and then it confirms whether there are
22451: Returns the URL to lookup user information on KeyBase using username as input parameter, formatted in JSON format with username and API endpoint details included within it
22452: This Python script calculates the position of an opening parenthesis. If it encounters "(" and decreases its counter by one; if found another closing
22453: This Python function calculates the cube root of an input number 'X' only when X is positive, otherwise it returns its absolute value cubed
22454: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the first three letters and digits from an account number string if it matches certain patterns; otherwise returns original input
22455: A dictionary containing the preambles and questions list from an assessments's details. The 'content[' assesment'] ['questionlist'],
22456: This Python function calculates the wavelength of air at given vacuum and specific humidity levels using an equation derived from molecular diffusivity in water, with
22457: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an average percentage difference between 'True' values in two lists, which are used to measure model performance
22458: This Python function takes in the text of an individual Tweepy status object and returns it as list where each word is separated by spaces, similar
22459: If the version is “major.vX”, return X as string of digits only; else do nothing and just keep returning None or
22460: This function checks if an object 'obj' has the type of tuples with exactly 3 elements. It also verifies that these three components
22461: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by ‘matrix size’ in one line. It is used to calculate index within an array or
22462: This Python function takes as input the list 'polylines' and returns an array of tuples where each tuple contains two elements from different pol
22463: This Python function calculates the product of two numbers, each raised to an exponent. The exponents are x and y respectively which is then returned as
22464: If 'X' is equal to one, it returns the number "one". ElseIf statement checks whether X value less than zero. In that
22465: This function converts Farenheight to Celsius using the formula of conversion from farnhreight and cesuis scale, which
22466: This Python function resizes an input image to the smallest possible size while maintaining its aspect ratio. The new dimensions are calculated based on user inputs and rounded
22467: If the result set is empty, return an emtpy list. Otherwise create and populate two lists with keys from each dictionary entry of 'res
22468: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'options' variable which is expected to be of type List[Option]. For each
22469: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it had been split into separate sentences by underscores (_), but each word
22470: This Python script returns the URL of SwartherMore's academic website based on user inputted parameters, such as 'year', and ‘
22471: This is an example of Python function that adds two numbers. The result will be returned by the 'return' statement in python programming language, where "
22472: This script filters out the nonpositive announcement count from 'couses' and sorts them by their start time before returning both lists of sorted data as output
22473: This python script calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. The intersection is calculated by finding out how much of one rectangle overlaps with another
22474: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns their concatenation elementwise using the 'zip' builtin python feature to iteratively pair elements from
22475: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not 'tick' is equal to ‘zero’. If it does, then an empty
22476: If the second number is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise - continues with calculation of other numbers in sequence using recursion method and returning result to
22477: This function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence using recursion. The base cases are defined as follows, and then it uses these to calculate
22478: This line of Python script replaces the string 'hex' with an empty space in every instance it finds within given dataset, effectively removing all instances where
22479: This Python script creates an array of the same length as input 'len' and initializes it with ‘None’ value using list comprehension which
22480: This Python function creates and returns an empty ‘threshold’ number of rows by columns binary 'scoring' system. The scoring is done based
22481: This Python script is used to find the files that were uploaded successfully and are left over after processing all data from 'fileupload' function, which returns
22482: This Python function copies the input lists and checks if their third element is negative or not; then it multiplies these elements by absolute values to make them
22483: This function calculates the total number of steps needed to reach or exceed an arbitrary target. It subtracts one from 'target' and then div
22484: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an input is equal to 'ell'. If it's true, then return value will be
22485: This line of the given Python script returns coordinates as string format.  It takes in an input point and outputs it with parentheses enclosing
22486: This Python function calculates the total error of an algorithm by taking into account two terms, one is based on how far off our prediction was and another
22487: A function that takes an input string and returns the same output.  It's just repeating what you put in."  (*) denotes repet
22488: This Python script converts each of the input strings into their string representation and joins them with newline characters ("\r"). The result is then returned
22489: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to binary and counts how many ‘ones’ are there. The number is converted into its
22490: This Python script calculates the values of '(p)' and returns them along with their respective variables. The calculation is done in accordance to equation given
22491: This Python function generates Fibonacci series up to 'n'. It uses the iterative method. The time complexity is O((log N
22492: Created function to get ID and Component from the given dictionary. Function name is 'func_id'."  Code explanation/details not provided in
22493: If the current node is at maximum recursion level, return true. Else check error number in case of any errors occurred during execution; otherwise continue
22494: This function calculates the adjusted R^2 value, which is an adjustment to account that it's using less parameters than in original model. It
22495: This function checks whether each element of the input is either an integer or floating point number. If it's not one type then return as string else
22496: This line of the Python script calculates and returns absolute difference between two bearings in degrees. It also takes into account that one bearing is greater than
22497: This Python function takes two matrices as input, checks if they are the same dimensions and then subtract one matrix from another. If not it raises an
22498: This function calculates the first two numbers in an arithmetic sequence and returns their product. The next number is calculated as sum of previous 3 terms
22499: This Python function takes in an input string, and returns the same output as its argument but with each character replaced by another one. A is turned into
22500: This Python function calculates the difference between two consecutive elements of an input list. The last element is used as 'a' and second to latest one
22501: This line of the Python function returns input string with leading and trailing whitespace removed using strip().  It's an efficient way to clean up
22502: This line of Python script joins all the lines in an input file with commas and returns them as one string, separated by newlines (\n).
22503: This function checks if the given list 'd' contains an element equal to any of its elements. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
22504: Generates random HSV values and converts them to RGB, then shuffles the results if necessary based on 'num_colors'
22505: This function returns the RGBA value of an integer. It takes three arguments and outputs four values in order to represent color information - Red Green Blue Al
22506: This script checks if the URL contains any of our defined keywords. If it does, we return false to prevent further processing and stop execution; otherwise continue
22507: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
22508: Code snippet that finds the minimum value of an array. 	Author Name, Date and Version Number if needed; else leave blank or comment
22509: This function checks if the given ID is present as an entry key of 'reads' dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then returns true
22510: This line of the given Python script replaces all "&lt;BR/NCAPS;" with newline character ("\n"). It is
22511: This Python script calculates the most frequent element among all elements of 'neighbors' list using dictionary to count frequency and then returns it as output
22512: This function checks if the given string is composed of only alphabets. If it contains any character that's outside A to Z or lower
22513: This function calculates the value of an exponential decay model. The input parameters are 'x', which is time in years, and ‘p’
22514: This Python script splits the message of each git commmit into lines and returns it in format 'SHA : Message'.  It is used to
22515: This line of the function returns two values, which are divided. The first value is obtained by dividing 'desired' and current index ‘
22516: This Python script checks whether the category is present or no, and then it returns all series ID'S of 'utctime'. If they are
22517: Checks if all parameters are within the range [None, -inf] to inf. If any parameter isn't or it doesn’s fall
22518: This Python script merges the "Feasilble and Infectious Populations". It copies one of these populations into another while appending all other
22519: If the URL provided does not exist, return false; otherwise check whether it starts with "https:/.../" and then ends in ".io". Return
22520: This function checks whether the given value is within specified lower and upper limits. If it's not, then adjust its values to be in between these
22521: If the user is at 'Varsiy' level, return “Novecie”. Otherwise just output status of noviсe
22522: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns “one” divided by "zero" plus one. The result is then printed to console
22523: This function calculates the number of layers to be used in an autoencoder model. The formula is num h layeres = ceil((Num
22524: A function that generates an upside down triangle of stars and dashes based on the input number 'N'. The generated string is then returned as output
22525: This function checks the position of an object in relation to its orientation. It takes into account both dimensions and rotations, returning true or false based on
22526: This Python script reads DNA lines from the input file starting at mutation position and skips over two initial 'Varian' sequences, then appends
22527: This Python function checks if the given string has any repeating characters, and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition; it also counts how many unique
22528: This line of the given Python script checks whether last character in string "x" is "/". If it does not exist then returns True. Otherwise return
22529: This function is used to calculate the boundaries of an area in some context. The 'if' statements are checking conditions and adjusting values as needed based
22530: Returns the total size of all files in "data" dictionary.  It's assumed that 'sizeOfFile()'. returns an integer value representing
22531: This line of the given Python script is fetching data from an array named "firstCourse". It then extracts and returns its value.
22532: If the input 'None' or not containing any of [/], B, I characters are found in it then remove them from that particular line else
22533: This function replaces all occurrences of single quotes with ampersands in the given string and returns it as resultant output, which is then
22534: This Python script calculates the center of mass and relative coordinates from an input list 'reference_data'. The function returns two lists; one with calculated
22535: This function calculates the value of an expression in terms x, where 'arg' is multiplied by pi and then passed to sin()/ cos
22536: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by p/PPM. It's used to convert Percents into Decimal form which
22537: This function takes in the name as an input and returns it enclosed within double quotes.  It's used to format strings with variables inside them
22538: If no rule file specified in the input list or last 4 characters of filename does not match .rule then return first two elements from given order.
22539: This Python function returns the desired output format from an input list of dictionaries using map and lambda functions to process each dictionary within that same structure as
22540: This python program calculates the product of two numbers, adds them together with one digit difference between digits. The result is then checked if it'
22541: This function converts the difference between two strings in SWDN and SUPERVISOR to ASCII. It is used by functions that
22542: This line of the program finds and returns maximum value among three numbers. If all values are same then it assigns third number to first one otherwise second
22543: This Python function calculates the three components of an array that are used in some calculations related to complex numbers and returns them as another list with these values
22544: This function checks if the HTTP response's 'Status Code'. It returns True only when it is neither 6 nor an error, or between [
22545: This function calculates the number of steps between two points, taking into account whether they are increasing or decreasing. If 'increasing' is true then
22546: If the value of 'pr', which represents some parameter, matches either one in list `[preference...]` then return true; otherwise false
22547: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
22548: Checks whether the column name starts with "CC", ends in 'cyc', and has more than 5 characters, returning true only when all
22549: This Python function converts milliseconds to hours/minutes format. It takes the total number of milisecndas as input and returns
22550: Returns the "features" key from config file.  This is used to get all features in bag of three dimensional object detection model configuration files, which
22551: This Python script calculates the average Intersection over Union score from multiple labels' IoU values, which is then returned as output of function call "
22552: This function calculates the exponential of 10 times x using numpy's exp() method, which is equivalent to e^n in mathematics
22553: This function takes an array of tuples as input, where each tuple represents the start and end points on one interval. It then checks if there
22554: This function returns the result of repeating 'key' character in value times. The space is also included between them if any, and they are separated by
22555: This function returns the copy of each element within given 'Graph' object. It uses list comprehension to create new nodes with copies from original ones and
22556: This function returns the URL to cancel jobs runs in an API endpoint of your choice, using specific parameters provided as input variables such 'host' and other
22557: Returns true if the least significant bit of 'word' is zero. This operation can be used to check whether an integer in binary form has all bits
22558: This line of the given Python script is calculating an exponential decay schedule that gradually reduces learning rate over time until it reaches its minimum value or one unit in
22559: Returns the length of 'get' function if it exists in dictionary else returns default value.  It is used to fetch an element from dict and handle
22560: This Python function takes three arguments representing RGB values of an object and returns the maximum value among them. It then calculates how much to increase each component
22561: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
22562: This Python script is designed to filter out the fake versions from an array of strings and return them as one string with their corresponding package names, separated by
22563: This Python function converts binary to decimal. It takes as input the list of digits represented by string, and returns their corresponding integer value which is
22564: If no data provided then it initializes an empty dictionary. Else checks whether the given object 'data' belongs to class "Dict" or
22565: If the 'level' variable is less than or equal to 0, it returns an empty string. Otherwise - continues with other instructions in case of
22566: This function checks if an attribute 'att' is present both as part of the description and target. If it finds any, then returns two times that
22567: This function adds the values of two variables and returns them in three different outputs.  The first output is 'ht', which represents halfway through;
22568: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
22569: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' and assigns it an attribute value. The method returns its result, which
22570: This Python script creates an empty list, then sorts the 'index' array to ensure that it is ordered from smallest value first; Then iterates over
22571: This Python function takes two arguments - 'd' and the prefix list/string which is used to concatenated with keys of dictionary before zipping them
22572: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
22573: This Python function converts an RGB value from the range of [0,1] to another color space with float values between[average red/
22574: This Python function checks the value of "svg.fill" and returns either 'stroke' or else it will return default color which is set to
22575: This script takes command line arguments and performs different actions based on the argument. It can copy to clip board or open preferences window depending upon --[option
22576: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
22577: This Python function calculates the mean of an input list. It initializes 'res' to 1, then adds each value from given array and
22578: This function checks if the input is one of three keywords, returning either 'dir', ‘file’ ,or `path`. If none match
22579: This Python function joins the binary representation of an integer by shifting its bits to different positions and then joining them together with dots as separators using bitwise
22580: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" ..., and then continue with your explanation. You can use
22581: This Python function calculates the difference between two lists of slope values and appending those with absolute value greater than given 'threshold' to one list
22582: This Python script opens the file specified by outputFile in write mode and writes to it all elements of pString plus an additional string element 's'.
22583: This Python function filters out the shortest and longest elements from each list of strings, resulting into new lists with only one character long string left which are
22584: This Python function takes an input list xs and returns the same elements as it is, but reversed order using append() method of python'list
22585: This function scales the input value between two given ranges. It's similar in functionality as Python builtin min() and max(). However, it uses
22586: "Compute limiters using equation sixteen one"...   # truncated to fit within word count constraint due length constraints]'s description
22587: This Python script takes three parameters - 'base url', an identifier and whether it's persistent or unique id; then construct the URL based on these
22588: This function splits and rejoins all lines in an input string, effectively removing any extra spaces or line breaks."""  [END]Solution
22589: This Python function uses regular expressions to match lines that follow the format 'step_X has been completed by Y'. If no such pattern exists, it
22590: This Python function checks whether the input URL has an http or https scheme, and then returns only its domain name without any trailing slashes at end
22591: This function returns the index of an element in array if it exists, else 0. If there is no such number or not found then we will
22592: This function is used to find the number of common neighbors between two nodes in an adjacency matrix. It uses set intersection operation, which returns only
22593: This line of the Python script returns all characters from index 3 to nth last character in 'url' string. It is similar with slicing
22594: This line of the given C++ program returns value from an integer variable 'A' and bitwise AND operation with mask FF. The result is
22595: A dictionary comprehension that creates the same output as 'task' but with keys and values swapped using Python dictionaries syntax – ie.,
22596: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
22597: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning an expression. The result will be stored in 'result'.  It's dividing two
22598: This function checks the type of resource in IOT finding and returns 'awsiamrole' or other based on that. 0/1 compli
22599: This function checks whether the input 'x' contains lists. If it does contain one or more such elements -> flattens them into an array
22600: This Python script is used to find an SKU from the 'free' list. If found, it returns that specific object; otherwise return none if
22601: This Python function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer. It uses bitwise operations and keeps shifting right until it reaches 3 when
22602: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using spherical coordinates, and then returns that value as 's'. The formula
22603: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'tags' object and appends each unique name of any given tagged item to its
22604: This Python function returns the second word of each input string, assuming that there are at least two spaces between them in real life scenarios but not necessarily true
22605: This line of the Python function returns True if and only when 'value' is between zero to four five inclusive. It does not take into account any
22606: This line of Python function subtracts two numbers.  It returns the result as an integer, which is usually used in arithmetic operations like division
22607: "A neural network model is created using the given parameters." (END OF SUMMARY.)  ```python Code explanation and steps to run it
22608: This line of the function calculates how far off our goal is by taking half its absolute value. It's an easy way to get close enough
22609: This Python function checks if the first element of an array is greater than 0, and then raises that number to one divided by its second. If
22610: This line of the given Python script splits 'zone' into its constituent segments using hyphen (-). It then takes only two elements from these
22611: This line of Python script converts the given dB/M to linear scale using logarithmic scaling method, which is commonly used in wireless communication systems like
22612: This function tries to load the JSON metadata of an object, and if it succeedes returns true; otherwise false is returned after catching any exception that might
22613: Try to access the value of key in JSON. If it doesn't exist, return 'default'.  [(10 points)]   Code
22614: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute 'n' items into two groups such that each group has at least one item. The total count
22615: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22616: This Python script filters out terms that have less than the specified minimum sample counts from an input dictionary of Hierarchical Parameter Optimization Count data,
22617: Returns true if the track is still within its buffer time. If not, it returns false and stops playing music in current song thread or queue based on
22618: This line of the Python script checks whether or not '*.py', ends with an "*" character and returns either removes it from string ('True')
22619: This Python function calculates the maximum area that can be formed by using two bars of different lengths. The length and height are given in an array '
22620: This Python script counts the number of consecutive characters that match with an input character. It uses two variables to keep track and update count, one is used
22621: This function returns the URL to PubMed with given pubmid id in string format using concatenation of strings and conversion from int/str into url path
22622: This function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. It converts both input string to lower case and compares the characters at corresponding
22623: If the list 'n' and boolean variable "interval disabled" are both empty, return true. Else it returns false; otherwise check whether an
22624: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
22625: This function splits the input string into two parts at '==' if it exists, otherwise returns original value as list with single element in case of
22626: This Python function returns the current time in JSON format.  The "time" module is used to get and store timestamps, then returned as
22627: This Python function takes an integer input representing the color in hexadecimal format and returns three values that represent Red Green Blue. The colors are extracted
22628: This Python function checks whether the given number falls within certain ranges and returns an integer accordingly, with specific conditions defined by 'is' in between them as
22629: This Python script calculates the total length of all lines present within 'recordFile'. It does so by iterating over each individual string, counting its
22630: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is 'point' variable, which in turn refers to another list containing x and y
22631: This python function calculates the value of f(x). The input is 'x' and output will be stored in variable "y".  It
22632: This line of the script converts an input string into its index part in TensorFlow's variable naming system, which is used to identify
22633: Create an empty dictionary to store derivative data. Derivatives are calculated by taking the difference between two consecutive values in time series, and stored as keys
22634: This function takes two boxes as input and returns their intersection. The result is another pair of numbers representing the minimum X coordinate and maximum Y coordinates
22635: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in 'dataset' to uppercase using string method .lower().  It then concatenates it
22636: This function checks whether the input string is empty or ends with an underscore, and returns it in either lowercase form ("") when true; otherwise
22637: This Python function checks whether the 'close' tag exists. If it does exist then formatting string with distance value appended to shortened version of
22638: This is an RGB to LAB conversion function that uses the formulae of converting from R, G and B color space into Lab colorspace using human
22639: This Python function counts the digits in an integer. It uses while loop to iteratively divide and remove last digit until it becomes zero, then returns
22640: This line of Python script converts the input date string into an actual python 'datetime' object using strfttime() function and formatting it in
22641: This function checks if the user's inputted value matches with randomly selected integer. If it does, returns 'great job'. Else based
22642: This Python script modifies the "Groups and Roles Structure". It converts group names to lowercase, removes any leading/trailing whites
22643: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximate value 'ar' which is used to determine whether or not it will rain in London
22644: This Python function calculates the maximum length of any string within an input list. The result is returned as one line with "return".  It uses
22645: This Python function checks the type of 'a' and assigns it to another variable. If length('c') equals 1 or not defined then
22646: This Python script checks the value of 'name' and performs different actions based on its content. It also handles exit conditions when it encounters '_hel
22647: This Python function calculates the difference between two sequences, and returns it as an integer if possible; otherwise return zero or None depending on whether one of
22648: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both positions are taken as input, and then
22649: This Python script uses the OpenWeatherMap API to get current temperature in Celsius and Fahrenheit units of any given location'
22650: This function takes in the text as input and returns it with all newline characters replaced by spaces. It also replaces double quotes (" ") to single
22651: Passports are missing some fields. Code is checking whether all the necessary passporth keys exist in each record or not and returns False when any of
22652: This function checks if the first word of each string in list is "Datacenter:" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which
22653: This script counts the number of GPUs available on an EC Instance. It iterates over all GPU instances and adds up their count to '
22654: Checks whether the input 'name' variable contains only unique strings. If it does then returns true else false or None otherwise depending on conditions met by
22655: This Python script creates and returns dictionaries with the properties of Dockers containers. The dictionary keys are "Container Properties".  It takes as input
22656: This Python function checks whether the specified key exists within an object. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that either of these
22657: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into its first word and assigns it to 'cmd'. The function returns that value,
22658: This line of the given C++ function is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'low' bits and masking it with an integer that has high
22659: This script removes the provenances of elements that have been encountered before. It does so by converting each element to its corresponding 'seen' value and then
22660: This TikZ/LaTeX document ends with the closing ticks, and then it closes off by ending LaTex's main
22661: This Python function adjusts the input 'Rotations' by adding or subtracting an error value, depending on whether it is positive and less than half
22662: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent segments using '.' as separator and then removes leading zeros from each segment after conversion
22663: This Python script counts the number of empty lists it encounters. It does so by initializing 'Denial' to ‘zero’ and then
22664: This Python function calculates the mean squared error of linear regression given some input data. The formula is derived from ordinary least squares method and it'
22665: This function tries to get the UUID or ID of an object, if it exists; otherwise returns None in both cases – but only when there is
22666: If the values of 'VAL' are equal then return them. Otherwise it returns both in tuple format as output from function ‘FUNC’ is
22667: This function adds or subtracts twice the maximum value of an integer to/from its input. It'll return original number when it is within
22668: This Python script converts all values of the input dictionary to floats and returns it as another one with same keys but now they are floating point numbers
22669: This Python function calculates the fifth power of 'pos' and returns either its value, which is one in case it equals to zero/one;
22670: This Python script attempts to delete the key "result['bloq']". If it fails due an exception and is not caught by any other except
22671: This Python script reads data from the first dictionary entry of 'RowData' and calcula... 1/len([Sum]) if summed values
22672: This Python function checks whether the input `str` matches with regular expression pattern "01%" where “%%” can be any number of dig
22673: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22674: This function checks if the first character of each string in an array is not empty. If it's true, then returns False; otherwise True or
22675: Returns the part of string before first '-' character.  If no such char exists, it returns an empty String().   Code snippet is
22676: This function returns the value associated with 'num' in dictionary ```if it exists``` else if not then gives back "None".  It is
22677: This function checks whether the given values are within acceptable limits. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned based on which condition was met
22678: This function checks whether the given URL is either "http://" and contains 'https' protocol, which indicates it might be an HTTPS link
22679: This Python function calculates the value of z based on two input variables. The inputs are 'x' and ‘y’ which represent coordinates in
22680: This function replaces certain special characters in the input string with nothing, effectively removing them from it using Python's builtin replace method and stripping
22681: This line of the Python function calculates and returns t - k_0 / sf^(1/3). The result is an approximation to
22682: This Python script returns the current viewer's preferred display format and total number of views in their configuration settings or an empty list if no such information
22683: This Python function clamps the input between two given values. If 'value' is less than or equal to "min" and greater by more then
22684: This Python function takes an input string, and replaces all instances of the character ` with nothing. It does not modify any other characters or spaces within
22685: This Python function calculates the geometric mean of an input list, which is defined as nth root where 'n' equals to total number elements present
22686: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in relation to its center. The x and y components are scaled by their magnitudes relative with respect
22687: This Python script checks the type of link based on whether it starts with 'http' or '/'. If so, then returns either git/python related
22688: If the object ```has attr __ array interface``` then return True; else check whether parent of that exists with same attribute or not otherwise returns False
22689: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
22690: This Python function replaces underscores in the input string with hyphens, and then converts first character to UpperCase followed by remaining characters as
22691: This function takes in the resource id and replaces all occurrences of "_", with slash("/").  It is used to format file paths
22692: If the value of 'max' is less than or equal to that in parameter, it raises an error.  This ensures proper input validation and prevents
22693: Returns the corresponding class name based on 'servicetype' input parameter in Python language using if/elifdef constructs and throws an error when
22694: This Python function takes an object sequence and returns the unique objects from that list, preserving their original order as they were encountered by iterating over it with
22695: This Python function calculates the percentage of progress made in an operation. It takes into account that it should print out every time there is more than
22696: This function calculates the product of all elements in range p to q. The result is returned as an integer, which can be used further calculations or
22697: This Python script calculates the average price of all items listed on an eBay listing. It takes as input, list with item prices and returns their
22698: Returns the value of "message['should_exit']" if it exists, else returns None.  This is used to determine whether or not we
22699: This Python function reverses the sign of an integer, or returns it as is. If input number 'negative', then checks whether to reverse and return
22700: This line of the given Python script is rescaling an input tensor to be between [-0, +] and [+,-]. The operation used
22701: Returns the first occurrence of 'node' from given "list" or array. If not found, returns None – Pythonic way to handle absence
22702: This line of the function calculates and returns how much 'deviation' is left after subtracting one value from another. The result will be in
22703: This line of the Python script returns an array that contains tuples where each tuple consists two elements from dictionaries. The first element is taken by
22704: This function checks whether the current object is less than another. If it's true, returns false; otherwise return truthy value indicating that they are
22705: This Python script calculates the values of two variables using trigonometric functions. The first variable is calculated as "(n1*sigma^(-
22706: This Python script reads through each row of the input file, and if it is not empty AND does NOT start with an indentation character ('	'
22707: This line of the Python script checks whether an input string ends with either "hmtl", which is HTML, and returns True when it does;
22708: Returns whether the value of "platform" key in dictionary 'v' starts with string DES-3028.  This is done by checking
22709: This function checks if the string 'ID' starts with either " f"", “ F”, and/or one of two prefixes ("
22710: This function checks whether the input 'X' has more than one element. If it does not have any elements or only contains non tuples then
22711: This Python function scales the input value between two output values. The scale is determined by subtracting and dividing with respect to an 'in' range
22712: This function splits the input UID into segments, and then joins them back together in an appropriate manner based on their lengths or number of elements respectively
22713: This Python function checks if the size of an object is within its maximum allowed dimensions. If it's not in range then returns False else True and
22714: This Python script splits the input string into individual terms using "polynomial" as delimiter (' + ', '' ), then filters out any
22715: This Python script generates the shortest possible route between two cities using Dijkstra's algorithm and returns it as an array of city names from
22716: This Python function will keep doubling the input until it exceeds or surpasses its limit. It's useful in scenarios where you need to find
22717: This function calculates the range of magnitues in an input list. The maximum magnitude is returned as 'max', and minimum one too, which
22718: This line of the Python script is creating an alias/alias name by concatenating "template_" with '_temp' on to original 'templat
22719: This Python function checks if the key 'throttle_delay' exists within current user’s sessions. If it doesn‘t exist then
22720: This Python function returns the string representation of an ANSI color. It takes three parameters, which are used to generate and then format that specific An
22721: This script generates the list of tuples required to be used as input into an RNAseq pipeline with Bioconductor's DESeq
22722: If the input is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns half of difference between given number(input_number = n), which will be
22723: This function calculates the intersection of two bounding boxes. The result is another pair representing their union which can be used to calculate area or volume etc
22724: This Python function splits the input string into two components using "." as separator and returns second component if it exists, else return 'None'.
22725: This Python function checks whether the given object 'object' can be converted to an integer/float and then returns true only when it matches one of two
22726: This function takes two parameters, 'other day' as the current date/time compared to another given "reference" or base time. If it is
22727: This Python script creates an iterator over the 'edges', but only if it doesn’t have any key named ‘id'. If so
22728: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on that. If it's an integer or can be cast to one using `
22729: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
22730: This Python function finds the first repeating number from an array of numbers. It uses list comprehension to find subsequent elements that match with current element and returns
22731: This line of Python function adds two numbers together. It takes in 1 parameter, 'v' and another one called "w", then returns the
22732: This function compares two nodes and returns the larger one followed by its smaller. If they are equal it just return them in order as is; if
22733: This function calculates the sum of squares between two coordinates and returns True if it's less or equal to 1000. Otherwise,
22734: This function returns the URL of an open source project on GitHub using handle and repository names as parameters – formatting it with commits hash to
22735: This function flattens nested lists or tuples. It uses recursion to handle both types of input and returns the result as one line Python
22736: This Python script generates the list of items that are present at even indices. The 'range' function is used to iteratively go through each index,
22737: A dictionary is created to map the keys from 'missing' list into their corresponding texKey.  The mapping between these two lists are done
22738: This Python function calculates the number of triangles in an arrangement. The input is two populations and it returns how many smaller triangle numbers can be formed
22739: Resolves the arguments and keyword parameters of function call with given 'kwargs' dictionary to get resolved values as output from resolve method on each argument or
22740: This Python function attempts to convert the input 's' into an integer. If it fails due either base not being valid or conversion from that specific number
22741: This function checks if the current file is named 'package-infp' or not. If it matches, then returns True; otherwise False –
22742: This function generates the Bettini number of each dimension up to 'max_diag' using its diagonal matrix representation and returns it as dictionary with
22743: This Python script creates an n x m grid with all elements as spaces (" "). The dimensions of the created array are determined by 'size'.
22744: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22745: This Python function checks whether the last character of input string is either an empty space (' '), new Line Character (\t, \v etc.), carriage
22746: This function returns the list of unique, alphabetically ordered word from given input.  It uses built in Python functions to sort and filter out duplic
22747: This function fits the estimator to data. If successful it returns fitted values and if not an empty list is returned with no fitting error message raised or exception
22748: If the start point is equal to our given 'curr' variable, return . This otherwise calculates and returns how far we are from that initial
22749: This Python function calculates the areas and circumferences of rectangles. It takes two parameters - 'width' & ‘height’ to calculate
22750: This Python function checks whether the second input is ‘zero’, and raises an error message in such case. Otherwise it returns division of first two
22751: This function checks if the given number x is within an inclusive range defined by two numbers. The condition in its body ensures that both endpoints of our
22752: If the CVE ID is found, return its vulnerable configuration. Otherwise returns an empty list – Code snippet to be used as reference or
22753: This Python script filters out certain types of offers based on the availability and tradability statuses provided by an exchange service provider(s). The result is
22754: This Python function converts the given number of 'sec' into hours/mins and sec. It rounds off to nearest whole hour if any part
22755: This Python script is iterating over the dictionary 'd' and deleting keys that match with specific conditions defined by user inputted values ("key" &
22756: If the document 'doc' does not exist, return an empty string. Otherwise continue with processing as normal."  [Your name]  (
22757: This Python function checks whether an object `is_str` or its lowercase version matches either 'True' OR ‘False’ and returns corresponding
22758: This Python function checks if the given string is valid as an email address by checking each character of it and applying certain conditions on them, such that only
22759: This Python function matches the regular expression "spx[a..z, 8 digits or i]" against an inputted 's' and
22760: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22761: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area in square units
22762: This Python function takes two arguments - 'field' and the key to be looked up from dictionary or lists of dictionaries using get() method with default
22763: This line of Python script calculates the resultant value by multiplying 'b' with ‘c’ and then dividing it to get an
22764: This Python function takes as input the indexed list of sentences and returns an equivalent one with each element being replaced by its corresponding English translation.  It
22765: This function returns three different string methods of the inputted 'keyword' parameter, uppercasing it and lowercaseing all other characters in its al
22766: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an area in which to display another image. The size and positioning are determined by 'target' parameters that
22767: This function takes in one argument - the message to be printed. The output is an ASCII art representation of that text with borders and padding around it
22768: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22769: This Python function takes an input string of 10 digits, and returns the same as long it is exactly ten characters. If not then adds
22770: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns n choose k, where 'k' is calculated as "(n-(i+1
22771: If the 'selector' is an empty string, it returns nothing.  Otherwise - just keep going with your logic as usual...   [Your name
22772: This Python function checks whether an `entitiy id` is present as key of dictionary 'Trajectory'. If it's not, then
22773: This Python function checks whether the ASCII value of an input character is within valid range. If it's not, returns '.' Otherwise return that
22774: This Python function converts the values of an 'input' list to another format based on their data types, and returns it as output which is also
22775: Return the URL to verify DNS record with ACME challenge. (Note that ${variable} is replaced by actual values in place of token
22776: This function calculates the number of samples in one dimension based on its input parameters. The output is an integer that represents how many points are sampled from
22777: This line of Python script returns the dictionary with gateway environment variables and adds an additional variable " APICAST_PATH_ROUTING_ONLY
22778: This function checks if there is any ‘2^n’ tile on the board. If it finds one, then return true; otherwise false or
22779: This Python function calculates and returns an elementwise multiplication of two vectors if they have equal lengths, otherwise it raises 'Value Error'.  The result
22780: If the '_class' field exists, it checks whether its value is 'ComCloudBeeShuNdJobsPluginsFold
22781: This Python script calculates the total number of infected people by summing up all individuals who are currently infectious, which is defined as having an attribute
22782: This Python script copies the input 'Decisions' matrix and then multiplies each element of that copied array by negative one, effectively flipping its sign
22783: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function in Python. It uses bitwise shift to calculate it, which can be faster than using math library
22784: This function takes in two parameters, converts them to strings and concatenates the results.  It then returns one of three possible outputs based on which
22785: This function checks whether the feature is exons and also verifies that transript biography type attribute exists. If both conditions are met, it returns
22786: If the key 'style' is found within either parameter or header, return its value. Otherwise it will default to returning as simple otherwise known by setting
22787: This Python function converts the first character of each new sentence to uppercase and all other characters in lower case. It also handles spaces between sentences correctly
22788: This line of the Python script is performing bitwise operations on two variables, 'dec' and 'ra'. The first operation checks if "<"
22789: This function splits the input string into multiple lines if it exceeds 'cutoff' length, otherwise just returns original text as is and joins all output
22790: If the value of 'Box' is less than 4, increment it by one and return its new state. Otherwise do nothing or simply ignore that
22791: This line of the function returns two values, which are calculated by subtracting corresponding elements from each other. The first value is obtained using Python's
22792: Finds the first occurrence in string 'str' that matches any pattern defined by regular expressions r".*[mM]d.*, or "
22793: This Python function takes an input list of strings, converts each string to Title Case and removes duplicates by adding them into another new array if they
22794: This Python script creates and returns the unique list of tag names from an input dictionary's "data" field, with no duplicates removed using sets
22795: This function calculates the average of two points in space. It takes as input tuples representing coordinates and returns another tuple with these averages calculated
22796: This function checks the type of parenthesis and returns an increment or decrement value based on whether it's opening ("("), closing pairing ")
22797: This Python function checks if the file name is in correct format, ie., it has 7 underscores followed by "Probav" with
22798: This script is used to extract the first two and fourth elements of each pair in boxes ‘box’. The extracted values are then stored back into
22799: This Python function calculates the average of two ranges. It subtracts one value from another, then divides by an additional factor to get back
22800: This Python function returns the color values based on an input 'label'. If it's equal to one - green. It is also red when its
22801: This Python function tries to convert the input value into its appropriate type. If it's of string data types that are either '?' ('?')
22802: This Python function returns the first two numbers in an arithmetic sequence. The input is 'n', which represents how many terms of that series to generate
22803: This Python function is used to try different data types and return the first non-"None" result. If no such type exists or if all results are
22804: This line of Python script is using list comprehension to create and returns new array where each element has been negated. It does so by checking the
22805: This function calculates the size of an object in pixels. The result is then scaled down by half to fit within one pixel range and increased with another
22806: This Python function calculates the normalized value of an input number within given range. The formula is derived from standard normalization methods, such as MinMax scaling
22807: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the 'transactions' list. For each transaction it checks if its stock symbol is already
22808: This Python function converts input to lowercase, checks whether the string is one of specific boolean values and returns it as Boolean or raises an error otherwise
22809: This function returns an error message when the input variable name is not valid. It checks if 'string' contains only alphanumeric characters and unders
22810: This Python script is designed to find the smallest pair of positive integers that multiply together with an input number 'n' gives you exactly as many dig
22811: This function takes in two parameters, 'pieceID' and the list. If both are zero it returns an error message because we can only process lists
22812: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and then uses these to access values from nested dictionaries, resulting dictionary is returned as output
22813: If the condition is true then return zero else it returns minimum of two divided by division and ten in case one or both are not valid numbers to avoid
22814: This Python function checks whether the input `is_bool` can either convert to Boolean or string and then converts it into lowercase form before checking
22815: Return information about the contact. Code is used to create and manage contacts in an organization's database system using Python programming language with SQLite3 as
22816: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by second element and converts it to string. It then returns that as output which is also converted
22817: This script is used to find the sum of all unique room IDs that have duplicate check sums. The function iterates over each item and adds its
22818: This script is used to expand the given dataset by adding additional information from two different sources of data into one list called 'expansion'. The expansion process
22819: If the value is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns average of "(vmin+val)/" by dividing it with two
22820: This line of the program checks if either text is exactly 39 characters long, OR it's length equals to seven. It returns True when
22821: If the argument passed isn't of type 'str', it raises an error with message "Argumetn..." and returns its value after being
22822: This Python function checks the value of 'section' and returns different values based on its content, which is determined by certain conditions in an `else`
22823: This Python script tries to load the JSON data from 'gateway environment' and if it fails then returns original value of `GATEWAY EN
22824: Try to access the attribute units of x. If it doesn't exist then return none – Pythonic way using exception handling in one line with
22825: This Python function splits each string in the input list by ":" and returns two lists, one with first elements of every pair ("name"), another
22826: Assert that the two rectangles have equal dimensions. If not they are unequal in size and cannot be compared directly to each other as such comparison is
22827: This function returns the number part of an image file name by extracting it from its path using os and string methods in Python, with some additional processing
22828: This function converts the given value in km/hr to mph by multiplying it with approximately one thousandth of an hour and dividing result
22829: This Python function breaks down the input state into different components. The first two numbers are derived from 'taxi row' and "column", respectively;
22830: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it's possible to reach that number by adding
22831: This line of the Python script returns an HTML formatted string with two horizontal rules.  The purpose is to separate different sections in your webpage or blog
22832: If the input 'string' isn’t provided, return an empty String; else check whether it starts with “http” and returns that as
22833: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on some conditions, and returns it as output when given certain inputs in parameters 'T'. The
22834: This Python script creates and returns an array of the same size as 'populations' but with each element replaced by its corresponding value from another list.
22835: This function calculates the minimum of max between two values. The first value is calculated as ((Temperature_value–98)/7). Then
22836: This Python function normalizes the input parameters of an equation, which is used to calculate some value based on these inputs and returns it as output in one
22837: If the string 'SID' is exactly 4 characters long, starts with "K", return everything after that character except last two letters of S
22838: This Python function converts an integer into its binary representation and counts the amount of ones in it's digits using bitwise operations on python list
22839: If the 'None' value or an empty dictionary object are passed to it then return "No Username". Else if given something other than none
22840: This function calculates maximum number people that can fit in one rectangular room given its dimensions, as well an additional constraint on how much space is available.
22841: This line of the script creates an empty list called 'selected_file'. It's used to store file names that are being processed.
22842: This function calculates the index of an element in array based on its offset and size. If it's at first or last place then returns zero
22843: This Python script finds the row of an airplane ticket by scanning through binary search. The input is given as string representation where each character represents one seat
22844: If the "field" variable does not exist then return null. Otherwise remove all spaces from odd indexed characters of string and join them together to form
22845: This Python function will check if the first and second characters of each string 'series' are equal. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False
22846: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns exchange rate value in specified currency. The input is an amount to be converted from one unit into
22847: This Python function returns the appropriate TLD based on AWS regions and services in Amazon Web Services – it checks whether 'region' is equal to c
22848: This Python script calculates the shortest path between all pairs of vertices. It uses Floyd Warshall's algorithm to do so, which is
22849: This line of Python script returns the values from an input object. The 'dict' type in python is similar to dictionary, and it contains key/
22850: This Python function splits the given string into three parts based on spaces and returns them in tuple format with their respective indices as well; it also extract
22851: This is an example of linear interpolation in Python, which calculates the value at any point between two points on either side based off three parameters;
22852: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute 30 items into two groups such that no group has more than one item and all pairs are
22853: This line of Python script generates and appends random integers between min &max to the list 'result'. The function randrange() is used in
22854: This function copies the given 'shape' into another array of same size with each element replaced by its neighbouring elements if they exist within bounds else it
22855: A dictionary is created from the given list of rows. The keys are taken as column names and values corresponding to each cell's value within that particular
22856: This function takes in the first word of each sentence and capitalizes it, then lowercases all other letters within that same phrase/word to form an
22857: This line of the script calculates and returns an array with absolute differences between each position in 'position' vector from another given point, which is specified
22858: This function checks if the year is divisible by four, but not both. It also ensures that it's an even multiple of ten thousand years
22859: If the input is 'number' equals one, return zero. Else it returns an error message stating that "The Number To Flip Not Equ
22860: If the status key in dictionary 'a' does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise returns its value – Python Code Snippet to
22861: This Python function checks whether the input `node` or text data type. If it's string then returns that as output else joins all elements of
22862: This Python function generates the Collatz Conjecture, which is an unsolved problem in mathematics that describes how to determine successive numbers by
22863: This Python script generates the difference between two lists by checking if each element of one is present and unique within another, then appends it to 'different
22864: This function calculates the ratio of two energy spectra, given their respective energies and cross sections. The formula is derived from Eqn 3 in "
22865: A function that performs arithmetic operations based on the result of an expression.  The operation is determined by what key in dictionary matches with 'result'
22866: A bot that respond to any text input with the sender' identity and message. (Note, it is not an actual chat application but rather
22867: Checks whether every text element of the list is an ASCII string or not using Python's builtin functions like `all` & lambda
22868: This function calculates the sum of squares and cubes, then divides it by six. The input is multiplied with three other numbers to get
22869: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22870: This Python function takes as input an object 'rows' which contains rows of data and returns the same structure but with all values set to `None`
22871: This Python script splits the input string into individual commands and then joins them back together with spaces between each word, stripping any leading or trailing
22872: This function returns the input string with trailing newline characters removed using Python's built in r strip method, which removes any character from both ends
22873: This line of the given Python script is returning an output that starts with 'h3' followed by two digits padded to have at least
22874: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
22875: This function checks if the first character of each line is within bounds. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True – based on
22876: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on certain conditions. The condition is defined by 'interaction' and it can be either true
22877: This script is used to extract the names of samples that have 'Sample QC' status from their keys, then it fetches these corresponding values under
22878: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. If any number is out range it will be clamped to either end by setting them as minimum or maxim
22879: This Python script generates an object from the given dictionary. The keys of that generated objects are fish, bacteria and plastids names while their values represent
22880: If the string 'b' does not exist, return value of variable "a". Else check whether it ends with '/'.  -> Return
22881: This Python script checks the environment variable SIO2LANG and returns 'A' or ‘C’ based on whether it exists in either of
22882: This function returns the DP ID and its corresponding Hexadecimal representation.  The input is expected to be an integer representing Device Protocol
22883: This line of the given Python script creates an identical copy from 'config' dictionary and assigns it to another name ('clone'). It then returns that
22884: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product. The result is calculated by multiplying the corresponding elements of both arrays, then adding all
22885: Checks the length of input 'list' and raises an error when it is not between one to three. This function will only accept lists with up
22886: This function takes an account number and role as input. It then returns the string 'GATECH_' followed by padded zeros to make
22887: Checks if the 'tags' key exists, it checks whether its value can be cast to List type. If both conditions are met then returns True
22888: This line of Python script converts the variable 'x' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase". The result is stored in another
22889: This function calculates the learning rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule. The initial value of lr is 0, and it decreases by `
22890: If the list is empty, return an空列表; otherwise check each number and add it to 'return' only when its even or odd depending
22891: This Python script is used to generate the variable 'class' based on other variables such as '_', "$", and others, which are also part
22892: If the 'grace period' is greater than or equal to 0, it will set global variable "ATEXIT_SHTUDOWN
22893: This function returns the wind speed in knots given its cardinal direction as input, with values ranging from -18 to +36 km/h
22894: A program that converts time in seconds into days, hours and minutes. 1 day is equal to approximately  864973 second
22895: If the request is not empty, it assigns to 'tags' list with three values. Otherwise nothing happens and returns an emtpy tagging
22896: This Python function filters out the objects with zero absolute errors from an input list of Polynomial object instances, returning only those that have nonzero relative
22897: This function sorts the segment table based on start time.  It uses Python's built in sorting functionality to do so and returns it as an
22898: This line of the given Python script is returning first word from each string in 'product' list by splitting it with '_'.  It will be used
22899: If the input is an empty dictionary, it returns default value. Otherwise recursively calls function to access nested item in given key path and return its corresponding
22900: This function checks whether two variables are of the same data types. If they're not it returns false; otherwise return true or an error message depending
22901: This line of Python script filters out the keys that are not present as dictionary entries from an API response and returns them back to be used further on down
22902: This Python script calculates the total surface of an irregular polygon by using its coordinates and calculating each side's length as half summed x distance to
22903: This Python script creates an instance of the singletons class. If there's already one, it returns that existing object; otherwise，it initial
22904: This Python script creates and returns an object that is used to create or update documents in Elasticsearch. The document contains the fields "_operationType"
22905: This python script creates dictionary with filter conditions based on the given categories. The keys are strings that represent different filters and their values is string of corresponding condition
22906: This Python function calculates the average of st and its value subtracted by one, then divided with 't'. The result is returned. It'
22907: If the input is greater than 0xFF, return uintptr. Otherwise it returns an appropriate type based on how many bits are used to represent
22908: This script calculates the unemployement rate change between three previous months. It takes in two lists, one with data from each month and another that
22909: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input transaction data and appends each individual element of every tuple to 'transaction' as
22910: This Python script counts the total quantity of items from dictionary 'a'. It uses loops to iteratively go through each item and add up their quantities into
22911: This Python script converts dictionaries into one dictionary by merging all the items from each of these input 'dict' objects, and then returns that
22912: This Python script sets the options to be used in various functions.  It is designed with attributes and modifiers enabled by setting 'True' or null
22913: This Python function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find coefficients of Bézout's identity. It takes two numbers as input and returns
22914: Throw an error when both 'stride' and/or the dilatation are larger, otherwise calculate based on either one or two. If
22915: This python script calculates the intersection area between two boxes. The maximum and minimum coordinates of each dimension are calculated to determine where they overlap or touch respectively
22916: This Python function calculates the amount of interest that can be earned by taking out an initial loan. It uses simple arithmetic to calculate and returns how
22917: This function checks whether the input number is prime. If it's less than or equal to 1, then returns false as per definition of pr
22918: This Python function generates an array of the same length as input list 'T' with zeros where items are not zero and adds twice to all other
22919: This line of the given Python script checks if URI starts with '/'. The function returns True or False depending on whether it's true that 'uri
22920: This Python script splits the input string into lines and then further processes each line to create dictionaries from it which are stored as records within an array
22921: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as well indicating that
22922: This function checks if the given 'variable' is present as an element of another list. If it exists, returns false; otherwise true – based
22923: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an average rate or frequency, which is equivalent to "the number" in statistics. The variable '
22924: This Python function generates the list of colors from an input label array using mapping dictionary to map each unique element's index into its corresponding hexadec
22925: This Python function takes in two parameters, an input list 'lst' and the character to be found within that array or string of characters; it
22926: This Python function calculates the sample standard deviation and population std dev. from an input list of numbers 'data'. It uses two methods to calculate these
22927: This line of Python script converts the list 'sents' into another one, where each element is either True or Flase depending on whether that
22928: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns its UID or location based on whether it's DICOM series. If not,
22929: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it were run through one of many different encodings. The purpose is
22930: This Python script generates the list of URLs from an input dictionary. The output is one line with only 1 word, "links". It uses
22931: This Python function takes an array of integers and returns the number formed by rearranging its digits. The order is reversed from what it would
22932: This Python script calculates the number of required space characters to be inserted at each tab stop. The function takes as input an array 'tabs' and
22933: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an image based on certain parameters. The color components are adjusted to be within valid range [min=1
22934: This Python function checks if the given string has balanced parentheses or not using stack data structure and returns True/False accordingly based on balance of par
22935: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22936: This line of the Python function returns two values from an input value. The first is in lower byte and second one has higher order bit as per standard
22937: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
22938: This function takes an input string and keyword arguments, then it replaces the keys with their corresponding values from provided dictionary using regular expressions to identify them as
22939: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer. It uses bitwise shift and AND operations to count how many times one must perform before reaching
22940: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the binary representation of that number. The bits are represented by "." or "#" characters on one
22941: This program reverses the digits of an integer. It does so by continuously taking modulo and division operations on input number 'X' until it
22942: This function checks if the second interval is within or overlaps with first one. It does so by checking whether start of ‘second’ lies between
22943: This function calculates the minimum of two numbers and subtracts one from another. The result is then returned as an integer value which represents how far
22944: This script is used to extract the "users" field from each object within 'responses' and store them into an array named ```user```
22945: This Python script is used to merge two dictionary objects. The merged object has the same structure as one of its input but with values from both inputs combined
22946: This Python function splits two version numbers into their individual parts and compares them in order of magnitude, returning the smaller one if they are equal or
22947: This function pads the given number with leading zeroes to ensure it has two digits. It then divides and modifies these values into hour/
22948: This Python script opens the file at given path and tries to load it. If successful then reads from that opened textfile into string format using function "
22949: This Python script generates the minimum and maximum values of two lists. The input is given as 'points' which should be an array containing tuples
22950: This Python function generates list of metrics to be used with the TextBlob library.  It returns these as strings, one per line separated by an
22951: ') or line.endswith(','))  # Remove lines that start/finish with special characters, except the first and last one in
22952: This Python script converts each character of the input 'string' into an integer and stores them as elements within list named "result" using append method
22953: This Python function checks whether the input request 'is' an instance of either List or Tuple type with one element only; If it isn’t
22954: This Python function takes an input 'None' or any other type, and returns the same output with padding to right side of string upto length specified
22955: This Python function calculates the return value of an investment based on its 'speed' and returns it, with some conditions applied to handle negative speeds correctly
22956: If the quantity of hot kW is greater than 1, calculate and store in variable 'ct' else set it to zero or return as per
22957: This Python script checks if the first two lines of an input file are equal to 'if __name___' followed by double equals sign ('=')
22958: This function calculates the size of reference material used in an experiment. The formula is x^(-1/3), where 'ref_siz
22959: Raise an exception when no RESPONSE is found, and try to convert it into integer; otherwise raise another error message with custom text "
22960: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two variables, y and z in our case – it's essentially calculating some form or
22961: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'N', and returns its corresponding
22962: This Python function takes as input an empty list or any other iterable object, and returns the same type of output. If it's not given
22963: This line of the script is setting up an environment variable that will be used to store configuration file name. The value assigned here, "filename", can
22964: This line of the Python script checks if both GPUs are used on one machine, specifically when it is running in CUDA mode. It also conf
22965: If the string 'found' is present, it prints that solution was successfully solved. Otherwise if there are any unsatisfied clauses or variables left to
22966: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of all even numbers in that range. 0 is considered to be both odd &even;
22967: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three and two eighth, which is equivalent to converting it from miles per hour into kil
22968: This Python function checks whether the current position is at either of two specific points on an infinite 3D grid. If it's one, then
22969: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty string. If it's not then returns two versions of greeting with that person’name”
22970: This line of the program converts both variables to lowercase, making it case insensitive when comparing them with another string in Python 3+ using
22971: This function checks if the input string is an IP Address. It does so by checking each character of that String against possible characters ‘digits’
22972: CloudWatch Alarm Action Check, returns True if the action is either 'Cloud Watch Forward' and/or AWS Actions. (
22973: If the 'title' parameter isn’t provided, it will return its value from another function. Otherwise - returns that otherwise falls back to returning itself
22974: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
22975: This line of the program is using escape sequences to change text color. The first part ("\033[") starts an ANSI sequence
22976: This Python function calculates the initial vector of probabilities based on tag frequencies and sums up all values from 'summing' out these frequency counts into one
22977: This Python script splits the input string into hours minutes and seconds using ":" as separator then converts it to an integer value in total number
22978: Raise an error if the input "Name", which is expected to be alphanumeric or numerics with no spaces in between them; otherwise
22979: This Python function calculates the power of base using recursion. It uses modular arithmetic to avoid overflow and handle large numbers efficiently by reducing time complexity
22980: This function merges two dictionaries recursively using the values from both dictionary inputs instead of replacing them entirely as per usual merge operation which would be done
22981: This Python script combines two matrices by adding corresponding elements from the same position. The first and second lists are zipped together to form tuples of
22982: This function converts an expression to string representation. If the input isn't of type 'list', it returns its value as String; otherwise，
22983: This function returns the coordinates of an area in which to place another image. The top left corner is at position(0 , 3), and each
22984: This function calculates the nth Fiboancci sequence. If input is less than zero, it raises an exception; otherwise returns that
22985: This function checks the given flag and returns either YEs or No. If it receives anything other than Boolean values, an error will be raised with its
22986: This function takes in the part of speech and returns an appropriate tag. It checks each possible positional category to see which one matches, then assigns
22987: This line of Python script returns the list with all elements that are not equal to 'card'. It's used as part an algorithm where we remove
22988: If the network connection status reports that it's not reachble, return NETWORK UNAVAILABILITY. Otherwise do nothing and
22989: This function calculates the value of an optical flow metric. The input parameters are 'x' and "y", which represent two images, n channel
22990: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an image where each pixel's value is equal to its corresponding point in space. The calculation
22991: This Python script converts the input string into an integer list by splitting it on commas and converting each part to int type using builtin function '
22992: This Python function calculates the final 'positions' after subtracting it from another variable called "total". It also divides an input number by two
22993: This Python function takes an array of parameters and returns them as query strings. It concatenates each parameter with '=' sign, then removes the last
22994: This function returns the number of dimensions in an object. The input is not used, but it'll be useful to know how many dimensionality you
22995: This function calculates the value of an optical model. The input parameters are 'phi_0', which is assumed to be 1, and it
22996: This Python function creates an empty ‘n x n’ matrix filled with zeros, where 'N' is the size of each side/dim
22997: This function checks whether the length of list y is less than number 'n'. If it's true, return false. Otherwise -> Return "
22998: This function checks if the two sets of columns in dataframes are equal. If they're, it returns False; otherwise True and also determines whether
22999: This function returns the two input numbers.  It's simple and straightforward to understand but it does not do anything useful with these inputs in any way
23000: This function returns the result of bitwise AND operation on 'n' and mask. The bits in binary representation are shifted left by "numberOfB
23001: If no input, return 'No Reservations Required'. Else convert the given string to lowercase and check whether it's one of
23002: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two lists of numbers. It takes as input source and targets with equal length; it iteratively
23003: This Python script creates an empty dictionary to store actions. It then iterates over the given list of tuples where each tuple contains actor id and
23004: If the object 'obj' does not exist, return null; otherwise get and returns its signed value from sbvalue attribute of that particular instance"
23005: Code checks if the input data meets certain conditions and generates an error message when it doesn't meet these requirements; otherwise returns True to indicate successful execution
23006: This function checks whether the input string 'text' has any content. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false will be returned indicating that there
23007: This function checks the option passed to it and returns one of three strings based on what value is assigned.  It's used in an argument parser
23008: This function calculates the remaining budget after an exchange. It takes in two parameters, 'exchange' and ‘remaining’ which are both
23009: This function returns the result of three times its input plus two. It's an example Python program that demonstrates how to create and use functions in python
23010: This function returns the opposite of an object's value. If it’re boolean then return its NOT equivalent; else negates integer values and leave
23011: This function checks if the text is empty and returns True only when it's not. It also handles non ASCII characters by checking their Unicode
23012: This function converts the coordinates of an object in one dimension to another. It takes as input its current position and dimensions along two axes ('xi
23013: Split the version string and return it as three separate integers if possible; otherwise raise an error message stating that they cannot be parsed in to semver
23014: This function takes in the link as input and returns an HTML tag with embedded hyperlinks. The returned string is formatted to be used within Python's
23015: This function checks if the URL ends with one of several image file types, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it does so and not otherwise."""
23016: This Python script combines the abbreviations from two lists, removes duplicates and sorts them in alphabetical order before returning it as an output of function
23017: This function maps the MD AST nodes to Python dictionaries. It checks if 'node' has children, and then it creates dictionary with type of
23018: If the given list of string 't' is empty, return True; otherwise check each element to see whether it matches one outlines regular expression pattern
23019: This function calculates the ratio of pressure drop in an ideal gas. It takes as input parameters P, S and L where "P" is total
23020: This line of the given Python script is returning two strings concatenated together. The first string contains an integer value and another one containing 'OR' as
23021: This function calculates the confidence interval of an array. It takes in two parameters 'mean' and ‘sd’ which represent population statistics; it
23022: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is zero, it returns one as per mathematical convention ie., The
23023: This Python script attempts to get the database/object mapping from an instance of any python objects, if no such association exists then returns None or raises exception
23024: This Python script checks the extension of each filename in an input list and returns only those filenames that end with "webp". If not,
23025: This function checks whether an object has attributes and returns true or false. If the first condition is met, it will return 'True'. Otherwise - depending
23026: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
23027: This function compares two floating point numbers and returns True if they are equal to the given 'precision' level, False otherwise; else it formats
23028: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same input with first character changed to lowercase or upper case depending on its current state. If it
23029: This function takes in one argument - 'threshold', and returns the maximum value among three arguments. If these are not tuples or lists it
23030: This Python script calculates the weighted average of all possible returns from an investment. The weights are determined by their corresponding volume and each return is multiplied
23031: This Python function calculates the checksum of an array. The algorithm is based on calculating each digit's value multiplied by its position, then
23032: This Python function calculates the distance between two lists of numbers. It compares each corresponding pair and adds up differences, then returns that total as '
23033: This line of the Python script checks if an option object has either GPU ranks attribute with more than  zero values in it OR whether there is any g
23034: This Python script appends the given nodes, minimum statistics and maximum statistical values to three lists in 'Data' dictionary. The mean of these stats is
23035: If the file has not been modified, return false. Else check whether it was unconditionally changed since its creation or modification time; in both
23036: This function converts an integer to string format with the correct division symbol if necessary and returns it as one line of text using Python syntax."  [
23037: This Python script checks whether the first character of 'package', which is assumed to be an @ symbol in some contexts and splits it into two parts
23038: This Python script finds the first two prime numbers that are less than or equal to 'n'. It uses an algorithm similar in principle with Euclid
23039: This Python function checks whether an input number is divisible by three or not. If the given integer 'N' equals to one then it returns true
23040: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the indices of True values from 'occusion bool' List using looping mechanism,
23041: This Python function calculates the value of an optimal policy given reward information. The algorithm uses dynamic programming to calculate and store intermediate values that are used as
23042: This function checks whether the input number is zero or not. It does so by shifting right three times and comparing it with zeros, which means checking
23043: This Python function takes as input an ordered list of tuples representing the range between two timestamps and returns another sorted version with pairs where each
23044: This Python script generates two lists from an input array of tuples where the first list contains values at index 0 and second one - with indices
23045: If no mappings are found then returns the "None". Otherwise it will return dictionaries of source and destination names based on different types ("Default
23046: This line of the given Python script copies 't' from an input list, and replaces all values less than or equal to ‘’ with
23047: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23048: This Python function converts an integer to binary and returns the reversed list of its bits as integers, which is equivalent with converting it into decimal but
23049: This function tries to convert the input text into an integer. If it's either of length four or seven then try converting with base hexadec
23050: This function opens the file specified by filename in write or append modes and writes to it. If successful then returns true else false if an error occurs during
23051: This function returns the number '42' in one line. It is an example of Python programming language syntax and structure, with no additional functionality or
23052: This Python script attempts to connect with the audio service of an online music streaming platform, and then retrieves information about version “v = 4”
23053: This line of the program checks whether or no it's daylight saving. If so, subtract by one hour from current local clock to get
23054: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'names' inputted into it by splitting each string on underscores and append
23055: Returns the string representation of all elements in 'key_lst' using map and lambda function. The result is joined by ";" character with
23056: If the 'weights' table isn’t provided it calculates an average of all data points. Otherwise，it multiplies each datum by
23057: This line of the given C++ program is calculating an odd number based on some conditions. The result will be either true or false, depending if it
23058: Return True if the variable 'x' has no value, otherwise False. If it contains an empty string '', then also returns true as well because in
23059: This Python function returns different values based on the input value. If 'val' is zero, it will return an extremely high number; otherwise depending upon
23060: This Python function checks the least significant bit of an integer. If it's set, then return ' dB B'. Otherwise - returns string as per
23061: This function checks if the entire string is composed of whitespace characters only, ie., it returns True when given an input that contains no nonwh
23062: This line of the Python script converts input value to string and removes leading/trailing whitespace. It also adds newline character at end,
23063: This line of Python script removes the items from 'my_dictionary' that are present as key(s): "key1", “Key
23064: If 'a' is less than ‘’ then it returns the Greatest Common Divider of two numbers. Otherwise - nothing happens and program continues
23065: This Python function counts the number of 'sacca' values that are currently being tracked. It uses two boolean variables to keep count, one
23066: A function that returns the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary.  The input is given as key/value pairs where each pair represents
23067: This Python function checks whether the input argument "Text" exists and it's of type String or raise an exception when its data isn’t lower
23068: This function calculates the probability of an event happening, given two probabilities p_i and q in Python using Bayes' theorem with prior knowledge that
23069: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23070: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It does not do anything useful, but it's there to satisfy the type hinting requirement of
23071: Code is returning an encouraging message about user inactivity.  It suggests they should remain engaged and therefore encourage them with their suggested action of staying actively involved
23072: This script is used to extract the Device type and Location from network devices' configuration files using Python programming language – Code snippet provided by user
23073: This Python script converts an input value to seconds, then calculates the number of minutes and hours from that time in three different ways using integer division
23074: This Python function generates an output string by iterating over the input list. If index is less than 10, it appends integer to resulting
23075: This function returns the first three elements of an array or list. If 'index' is less than  =  to be returned by value and greater then
23076: This Python script cleans the given dataset by converting all numeric values to string type and splitting them into two separate columns, 'column 3' &
23077: This function checks two lists of characters, comparing the first character in each list. If they match then it returns that one element; otherwise return another depending
23078: This Python script is designed to extract the values of "record name", “Address” and 'Parent Zone' from JSON data. The extracted information
23079: This Python script creates sets from two lists, finds the intersection of these new created 'sets', and then calculates their length. If there are no
23080: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value that is one more than its input. The '+' operator adds 0 to ensure it
23081: This function checks whether the inputted 'strinng', which is supposed to be an unquoted, single word Python variable name. If any
23082: This Python script is used to find all the titles that start with "Template:" and followed by 'wiki' or ‘project’, from an
23083: This Python function converts the given string to lowercase if it is either 'True', ‘Yes’, or an integer equal/greater
23084: This Python function converts all non string items to strings. If the first character of an inputted value starts with "+  ", it removes that plus
23085: This is an implementation of the modulus operation in Python. It calculates remainder when x, which can be complex number or integer value and 'n
23086: This line of Python script converts the input 'str' to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace. If it is null, then
23087: This function returns the result of an exponentially weighted linear interpolation. The coefficients are given as parameters and can be adjusted by changing these values in each
23088: Increments the value of 'greater' by 1 and returns it. This is an example function in Python that demonstrates how to increment variable values
23089: This function checks if the given input is either an uppercase vowel or lower case consonant by using Python's builtin string method "
23090: This Python script calculates the values of variables based on some conditions. The result is then printed out to stdout or returned as an output from another
23091: A feature that runs another function as if it were ticking.  It uses the value processor to process values and then calls other features with those processed
23092: This Python script calculates the cosine of each component in three angles, and then adds them together to create an overall effect that is similar but not
23093: This Python function returns the number ‘one’ and string 'Done' in two separate variables. The first variable is an integer while second one contains
23094: This function calculates the value of 's' based on its effect duration, with an initial minimum and maximum values set at ‘useMinValue
23095: This function checks whether the number of agents with train mode set to true is less than 3. If it's zero, then all are active
23096: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23097: This Python function checks whether the URL contains '//' and, If it doesn’t contain ‘http:/” or“https：/
23098: This function deletes all occurances of the given 'target' from nested dictionaries and lists recursively using Python programming language – Code provided by
23099: This function checks if the value of 'val' is within an inclusive range defined by two numbers, which are given as parameters. The values should be
23100: This Python script replaces nonbreaking spaces with regular space, removes leading and trailing whitespaces from each line of the given string "code", then
23101: This function converts the given NTP timestamp to an integer. The conversion is done by shifting and dividing as per standard formulae of converting from
23102: This Python script checks if the input IP address is valid, ie., it has 3 octets with values ranging from [0 -> 2
23103: This function calculates the acceleration of an object using three different terms, each term being multiplied by some power and then added to another constant value which
23104: This Python function returns the coordinates of an element in 1D array using index from another dimension. The flattened and mapped indices are used to
23105: This function takes in the name of an area and returns it as upper case, stripped from any leading or trailing whitespace. It also removes
23106: Creates and returns dictionary with keys 'day', ‘Value’ ,'Type','Description'. Each key has corresponding values from the input parameters.
23107: This Python script converts the extension of an image to its MIME type if it's either .JPG, ‘’or JPE
23108: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each row of the given dataset and appends its last value to 'Target Value List'.
23109: If the input ends with 'b', remove everything after it and add another word at end, else just return original text as is  Code snip
23110: Implemented different text processing algorithms based on user's input.  The algorithm is determined by the 'choice'. It can be one of g
23111: If either of the two inputs are not provided, return 'None'. Otherwise calculate and subtract one from another.  This function calculates entropy based
23112: This Python function counts the number of short lists. It iterates over each list within 'seqOfLists' and increments count if any element
23113: This is an implementation of the bitwise reversal algorithm. It takes advantage that shifting left by one in binary representation gives us equivalent to multiplying number
23114: Convert the two dates to time objects in Python using strftimes and calculate their difference with respect –to seconds or minutes/hours etc.- .
23115: This Python function takes in the name of an object, checks if it starts with "LIB" and then replaces any '/' characters to create dots
23116: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23117: This python script calculates the standard deviation of an input list 'xi' using Python programming language and returns it as output which is also called "standard
23118: This line of Python function checks if the string "title", which is either 'English', ‘Español’,或'Englisch
23119: This Python function performs bitwise operations on two numbers and returns the result. The operation is done in such way that it combines three parts of an unsigned
23120: This function calculates the distance between two points in spherical coordinates using their longitudes and latitude, then returns that value as an estimate of Earth'
23121: If the value of 'i' is greater than or equal to ‘n’, set variable "h" as  1. Otherwise ,set
23122: This Python function checks whether the string starts with "o" or an integer, then converts it to its appropriate type in case of conversion failure;
23123: This Python function converts the input string into all lowecase letters and checks if it is either 'True' or ‘False’ using an
23124: This Python script prints the boundary conditions of an elastic material with non reflecting boundaries to file BCFile using segment IDs from one through SegId+
23125: This Python script generates two values from the given list of dictionaries. The first value is minimum timestamp, which represents when damage was detected on any device
23126: This function takes in an IP address and returns the corresponding CIDR notation if it matches with any of our predefined patterns, else empty string
23127: This script splits the input string into lines and creates an HTML table row per line with different colors based on whether it starts or not from "-"
23128: This function is used to generate the id of an attributable creative commons licenses based on its name or description, if it's not
23129: This Python script is used to assign index, x and y values from the given data. The resultant list of dictionaries has been processed by adding
23130: This function calculates the square of each number in an array and returns their total.  The result is returned as 'sum'.   It uses two
23131: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns original
23132: This line of the Python script checks if v belongs to either an integer or floating point number.  It returns True when it does and False otherwise based
23133: This Python function splits the input string on ':' and returns two pieces of information - The first part is returned as "Prefix" while second one
23134: This Python function generates an array of zeros and ones based on the condition that if every element is equal to zero then it's set as one
23135: This Python script reads through the input string, checks if each character is digit and converts it to an integer before adding them up using builtin function
23136: Checks if the string `'<code>', starts with '` <string>`'.  If it does, returns true. Otherwise false."
23137: This Python script attempts to get the current Kubernetes cluster' name using kube config view command and returns it if successful; otherwise prints an error
23138: This Python function calculates the values of 'm' and returns them as two separate variables when given an input value "J". The condition in if
23139: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into two parts at ':' and converts them to integers respectively, returning only one part
23140: This is the sigmoid function, which takes an input 'x' and returns its output in between [0 ,  ]. The formula used here
23141: This function checks if there is any 1's present on the board. If not, it returns false and true otherwise return null or some other
23142: This Python script converts the input string into an integer array of hours minutes and seconds in one line using map() function with int(). The result is
23143: This Python function is used to extract the data product name and time range from metadata. The output of these functions are then returned as JSON format in response
23144: This Python function calculates the value of 'z' in equation "(a*b)/c" using four variables. The values are given as
23145: This Python script removes specified paths from the 'levels' dictionary and then sorts them by their length, returning an ordered list of these lengths as output
23146: If the input 'source' variable type as Tuple or String then return it else do nothing – Pythonic way to handle different types of inputs
23147: This Python script creates an empty list and then appends the values from 'posteriorList' into it using tuple unpacking feature of python which is
23148: This Python script merges two dictionaries and removes duplicates. It uses the 'get' function to retrieve values from both keys of input if they
23149: Code snippet with one line summaries of the main functionality or operation performed by each block in Python'd 3/4 version """}
23150: This Python function takes an input string in the format 'YYYMMDDHH' and returns four separate integers representing year/months etc.
23151: This function returns the count of digits present within an input value. It filters out non digit characters and then counts them using Python's builtin
23152: Creates an empty table with the given name and size. (Note that it does not initialize any data in its cells.)"  ```
23153: This python script performs bitwise operations on the input number. The first operation shifts all bits to right by one position, and then ANDs it with
23154: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
23155: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is calculated by shifting x, y and z three positions to left. The resultant value
23156: This function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum value in each row of an array. The result is returned as one line output from that calculation,
23157: This Python function calculates the value of an expression involving three matrices. The expressions are based on certain rules and is used to solve some problems in computer
23158: A dictionary to map different authentication methods.  The keys are the method names and values represent their respective display titles/names as per Google's documentation
23159: This python function counts the number of characters that are different between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both string and incrementing if they
23160: This script calculates the similarity between two images using color histograms. The function 'min' is used to find out which value from both lists
23161: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23162: This function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two circles with centers at coordinates cy1 and yzr x coordinate(s), radiuses r
23163: This Python function calculates the effective and anomalous chemical potentials of two atoms. The formula used is derived from quantum mechanics principles but it'll
23164: This function counts the number of paths from one value to another. It uses recursion and memoization techniques where it stores previously calculated results so that
23165: Initializes an empty list called 'states' and sets the first state to be “OFF - START”. If `path` is equal or
23166: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'list' named "x". For each tuple of three elements it appends
23167: This Python function splits the given string by two slashes and returns only one of them. It's useful in some cases where you need to
23168: This script splits the titles into sets of unique terms, then adds each term to both 'sets'.  The purpose is not clear from these lines
23169: This Python function tries to get the trainability of an object. If it's not possible, or if there is no attribute named 'trainabl
23170: If the input 'X' type inherits from Tuple then return any() or none depending on whether it contains at least one element. El
23171: This function checks the type of string and returns it with its value. If name is 'URL', then return as URL, else check whether text or
23172: This line of Python script calculates the value returned by x^(y/z). The result is then raised to power 'a' and finally
23173: This Python function checks whether the input is divisible by all three numbers, then returns 'pling', or one of them. If not it just
23174: This line of the Python script converts string values to integer lists by splitting them on commas and then mapping each part back into an int type using
23175: This line of the given Python script replaces "host" with 'localhost' and port number 80 in all occurrences it finds within
23176: This line of the given Python script is calculating an exponentially weighted moving average, which means it's using current value to calculate how much weight should
23177: This Python script reads from the file 'lines' and splits each string into two parts using ':'. It then creates tuples with both sides
23178: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23179: This function returns the HTML tag with content enclosed within it.  It takes two parameters, $tags and &contents which are used to create an
23180: This line of the script sets auto confirm user to true. It is used in order notifying users that their account has been automatically confirmed by an administrator
23181: This function checks if there is any column or cell with value greater than 10. If so, it returns true; otherwise false are returned indicating
23182: This script creates two sets, one with keys from text questions and the other ones form choice type of questionnaires which are used to answer these key
23183: This function takes in an input string and replaces the pattern "<word>_xf", where <word> is any word character or underscore
23184: This function takes in temperature as an input and returns the equivalent of that value with respect to freezing point, ie., it converts Cels
23185: This line of the Python function returns tvalue divided by three hundred and sixty. It's equivalent to rounding down, but in terms that are
23186: This Python script generates all ASCII characters and returns them as an ordered unique character collection. The 'set' function is used to remove duplicates from
23187: This is the first block of coordinates. It contains four variables each representing x and y values respectively in two different blocks within an array or list structure named
23188: Checks the length and validity conditions before processing data in multiplier values list, raises an error when necessary constraints aren't met  Code snip
23189: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was encoded using Caesar cipher. The key is determined by subtracting ASC
23190: This function checks if the given string is an unnamed variable or has no prefix, and returns its name otherwise it will be returned as 'Unassign
23191: This function takes an input string, converts it to all small case letters and then checks each character of the given sentence. If any letter appears more
23192: This line of the given Java function returns an integer result by shifting and bitwise OR operations. The values w, x, y &amp;z
23193: This Python script calculates the total number of nucleotide differences between two sequences. It uses an if/else statement to count each type ('T
23194: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of its digits. It converts it to string, then iterates over each digit
23195: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with some key/value pairs. The keys are 'Authorization', ‘user_id
23196: Checks if the object is of string data. 1 line solution in Python language using 'is' keyword or not? If yes, returns True
23197: This line of the given Python script filters out certain types/extensions from file names using regular expressions, specifically looking at "files". It excludes any
23198: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23199: This line of the function calculates and returns an average xyz coordinates from two bounding boxes' min/ max values in 6D space
23200: This line of Python script calculates the square root using bitwise operations. It's equivalent to finding an integer that is equal or greater than sq
23201: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output. The result is 0 if 'beta' equals zero, otherwise it will return
23202: This function takes in two parameters, 'ds' and the scaling factor. It returns an array of values that are scaled by ‘scale’ parameter
23203: Returns the value of 'k' in an Int30 type.  Code is incomplete and does not do anything useful with it, but serves as
23204: This Python function checks whether the input list is empty or not. If it's an emptiness then returns two zeros otherwise calculates and
23205: This Python function checks whether the string contains '.' and, If it does not contain '.', returns original inputted strings as is – only difference
23206: This function takes two strings as input, concatenates them with the slash("/") and returns it.  It's used to join paths in
23207: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
23208: "Conver ts elo ratingsto probabilit wins draw loses"   Code length=36 characters    Words count= 7
23209: This program uses the Collatz conjecture to generate numbers. It starts with an input number, 'N', and repeatedly applies either of two operations until
23210: This line of the given Python script checks if there is at least one element in "genotype" list that ends with ‘'gt’
23211: This function takes an argument and checks its type. If it's not something that can be called as such or has the same structure of tup
23212: This function converts non string values to integer or floating point numbers. If the input cannot be converted into either type it returns original unconverted data
23213: This Python script sorts the list of dictionary's 'key', removes certain values and insert them at start/end based on their types; then returns
23214: The first two rules are of length four with the same value at each position. Rule number one is also identical to its counterpart in terms that it
23215: If the provided string isn't defined, return "None". Otherwise reverse and join all characters in that given text.  [Hint - Use
23216: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
23217: This function finds the minimum and maximum coordinates of an array.  It does so by initializing to first coordinate's values then iterating over all
23218: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on given parameters. The result is returned as output from that specific calculation, which can be used
23219: A dictionary that maps birth years to elements. The function returns the corresponding value based on whether or not it's an even number, which is determined
23220: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse and validate an input string according the specified formatting rules in regex syntax of programming languages like python're module
23221: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as either an integer or float with value ‘zero’ in it; otherwise returns
23222: This line of the given C program checks if an integer is set in its binary representation. If it's not, then return 1; otherwise
23223: This function returns the string with colored output based on whether it's green or red. It uses ANSI escape codes to change text colors in
23224: This function takes in string txt and returns the same text with each line indented by 3 spaces. The input is treated as if it was an
23225: If the "Display Name" key exists in User Info dictionary, return its value. Otherwise print an error message and exit program with status 1(
23226: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the items of 'tree' dictionary using two variables name & content; if it finds that
23227: This Python function checks if the input "connection" variable's 'value', which should be one of several possible types, falls within an array.
23228: This function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list joined by commas in string format using Python's builtin join() method
23229: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate GCD until
23230: This line of the Python script removes trailing whitespace from 'value' and returns it as result, which is then stored in variable "result".
23231: This function checks if the model object contains an attribute named 'predic' and returns True or false accordingly. If it doesn’t contain such method
23232: This function returns an error message when it encounters invalid input. It takes two parameters - the id of either one specific type ('{}, {})
23233: This Python script will filter out the start of each line from sentences and leave only non-"--" lines as they are, effectively removing any leading hyphen
23234: This Python script is splitting the filename using "_" and returning two parts of it, which are after "fname".  The first part will be
23235: If the 'confidence' value is between [8, -Infinity), return string. Else check other conditions in order and find corresponding
23236: If the y coordinate of one bounding box is greater than that in another, return false. Otherwise check whether there are more elements to be compared and
23237: This function calculates the maximum of two functions based on some conditions in Python using mathematical operations and builtin python features like list comprehension or map/
23238: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23239: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation function. It takes two arguments, 'min' and max', which represent lower bound & upperbound respectively
23240: This Python function checks whether the input string represents either 'true' or ‘false’. If it does, then returns that value; otherwise return
23241: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
23242: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of dictionaries. The keys are taken directly form each sublist
23243: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent parts using '.' as separator and then takes second part of these components.  The
23244: This line of the Python script returns only one part or path from given 'base' directory, removing any trailing slash '/'.  It is
23245: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest common prefix. If there is no such  pre[...]"(1, "r
23246: If the package has data about home page, return it. Otherwise returns "None".  [...]" -> Code Summary(END OF SUM
23247: This Python script is splitting the raw HTTP response into separate lines and then storing each pair of 'header' name/values as dictionary entries with their keys
23248: This function calculates the molar heat capacity of water at constant volume and temp, given specific gas constants in SI units with mole number as input parameter
23249: This is the simplest possible Python function that returns 1/3 of its input as ROI, or return value in our case it's "
23250: This Python function converts all keys of the input 'dict' to string type and returns it as output; otherwise return original non converted values from given
23251: This function calculates the area of square with given length. (Side^3). The result is returned as an output from Python's
23252: This Python script is used to extract IPv{direction} addresses from an IPFIX packet. If the address exists, it returns that value; otherwise -
23253: This function returns the Fibonacci sequence up to 'num' in an alternate manner. It checks each number whether it is divisible by
23254: This line of the given Python script calculates two variables 'x' &amp;lt;&#34;/&gt;"y" is less
23255: This Python function checks whether one list is subset of another. If the first argument's length less than second, it returns true; otherwise false and
23256: This Python function checks whether the input sequence contains only valid nucleotides or returns an error message, and then removes all 'N's from it
23257: This Python script splits the input string by '/' and takes only last part, which is used as output file name in CDS database from gen
23258: This Python function takes in coordinates as HHMMSS and converts them to degrees using the Haversine formula with an offset of approximately -4
23259: This Python function tries to substitute the given expression with another one. If it fails, then instead of raising an error and returning `None` or some
23260: This Python function splits the string by commas and removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each value in an array of strings using map()
23261: Checks whether the given value `val` can be iterated over. If it's of type 'list', checks each element to see that
23262: This line of the script splits string 's' into list by comma, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and filters out
23263: If the first element of array 'CI' is less than second, return negative one. Else it returns positive ones and in case they are equal
23264: This function calculates the change in position of an object and checks if it crossed any threshold values or not based on whether there is movement at all;
23265: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
23266: Check the existence of keywords and values within an input dictionary. If any keyword or its corresponding data is missing, return 'Failure'. Otherwise it returns Success
23267: If the value of 'test' is less than either "acceptable" frequency ratio ('min') and/or runs, then it returns True.
23268: This function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but values are filtered based on prefixes of label_+"_".  The
23269: This function returns the power of two to its level. For example if you call it with an argument as '3' then output will be "1
23270: This Python function calculates the value of 'epsilon' based on two given values. The formula used is "(ab/bb)"^0.
23271: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
23272: This Python script sorts the values of each dictionary item by their "timestamp". The result is stored as an output file named 'output'.txt' with
23273: If the name of an object is ending with 'tx', return true. Otherwise, false will be returned as it's not found within that dictionary
23274: This Python function calculates the average of ‘matches’ numbers from one to 'n'. The result is stored as an integer named "U
23275: Removes punctuations from the given input "text".  It uses Python's builtin function to remove all non alphanumeric characters
23276: This Python function checks if the input is an integer between one and nine, inclusive. If it's not then returns error message with invalid number or
23277: This function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It converts integer to string and then reverses it, comparing with original one
23278: This Python function returns an HTML anchor tag with the given string as its content and URL. The link will open in new tab if specified by 'target
23279: This function takes an input value and checks whether it's of type string or not using the 'isInstance()'. If yes then convert each part
23280: This function returns the concatenation of three strings. The first two are fixed and then one variable is appended to it in uppercase formatting,
23281: A function that takes two integers as input and returns true if the first integer is less than or equal to second, else it will throw an error.
23282: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23283: This function takes in the list of gameders and returns them as string with each name separated by colon.  If no names are provided, it
23284: This line of Python script returns the transpose matrix. The 'zip' function is used to pair up elements from multiple lists in parallel and then uses
23285: This function returns the database path as string.  The dbPath is passed to it and then returned from that method in form of String type using Python
23286: This line of Python script is creating and returning list with stripped strings from the input string, split by comma "," – it's filtering
23287: This script checks if the given identifiers exist within data, returning true or false accordingly based on whether they are found and not flagged as errone
23288: This Python script checks the first few lines of an input file to determine whether it contains any invalid syntax, such as missing colons at endlines ("
23289: This script returns the values of variables as dictionary. The keys are named after their respective variable names and each value is an indication whether or not that particular
23290: This function checks whether the input x has an absolute value less than 0.9 epsilon or it's of type 'complex'. If both
23291: This Python function creates and returns an object that maps attribute names to their corresponding values from two dictionaries, but only if the value is different between them
23292: This script is used to find the number of zeros before or after each one variable. The variables are counted from left side, starting at zero index
23293: If the HTTP/HTTPS protocol is used, return 'Host' else do nothing.  Otherwise it will just show Host with Port in string
23294: This Python script creates an identical copy of the given 'Node' object, but with its value inputs replaced by empty lists if they exist and returns it
23295: This Python function swaps two variables. It uses the mathematical property of addition to swap values between them without needing an extra temporary variable or storing intermediate results
23296: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse an input string and extracts the names of elements along with their corresponding numbers from it using groups(). The extracted
23297: This function returns the string 'Plane' in an all caps format. It uses Python builtin functions to convert lower case characters of input into their
23298: If the 'Tool Saved' object does NOT have an associated repository, return empty dictionary. Else create and populate it with necessary information from
23299: This Python function calculates the square root of an input number 'X' using Newton’s method, which is more accurate than traditional methods like b
23300: This Python function compares two 3D vectors and returns their maximum distance. The three vector components are assumed to have been given as inputs in separate
23301: This Python function checks if the input 'type' of d, which should be dictionary with exactly one key/value pair; returns that first value in
23302: This python function generates an array of values by interpolating between two given points. The output is the same as input if 'val' and/or
23303: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23304: This Python script reads the 'config' file and checks if all its elements are present as dictionary entries, returning only those that do exist within another given
23305: This Python function checks if there is any overlap between two lists of spanned elements. If so, it returns true; otherwise false are returned based on
23306: This script splits the file names in two files and assigns them to variables, then compares these variable values using '==' operator with some
23307: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' `is instance of` class number. If it isn’t then convert to indices and return that
23308: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
23309: This Python function calculates the absolute value of each digit in an input number and then sums them up. It uses builtin functions like map(), abs
23310: If the list of points is empty, return an emtpy tuple. Otherwise calculate and returns minimum/ maximum coordinates from each dimension separately as tup
23311: This Python script is used to find the shortest common prefix of two paths, by comparing their directory names until it finds one that matches or runs out
23312: This Python script checks the first three characters of an Esel string to see whether it matches with '56' and then returns its severities based
23313: If the function receives no argument, it returns true. Else when receiving an integer less than or equal to 0 as input parameter "rate limit
23314: This Python function flattens the inputted nested lists or tuples into one dimension using recursion and iteration methods respectively."  [END]
23315: This function checks whether the first element of one list is equal to either second's last and its middle, in which case it returns true. Otherwise
23316: Finds the first underscore in 'post_id' and returns everything after it.  This is used to get just part of id from url
23317: This Python script checks if the text starts with an opening bracket [ or ends with closing square ] .  It returns True only when both conditions are
23318: This Python function splits the inputted text into individual parts, converts each part to lowercase and then capitalizes its first letter of all but
23319: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23320: This function generates the URLs of all links at given level. It uses recursion to go up one directory until it reaches root and then returns them
23321: This function returns the minimum rating of all movies in an array.  The value is returned as string format with '{}'.   It's used
23322: This python function calculates the total "charges" of an amino acid sequence. It counts up and down by “+” or "-
23323: If 'm' is less than ‘n’ then swap the values of variables. This operation does not affect any other part in your program that
23324: This line of Python script creates an 'ONe LINE' name by combining the user id and username. The result is stored in variable "resourceName
23325: This Python function calculates the difference between two highest and lowest numbers from an input list. The first number is always considered as both "highest"
23326: This line of Python script calculates the density difference between two components. It multiplies one component's weight fraction by its own volume, and adds
23327: This Python function checks if the given object has language information and returns it. If not found in either of its parent objects or global scope then return '
23328: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23329: If the first element of an object in Python dictionary or Tuple if it's not empty then return its value else default model parameters are returned
23330: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and checks if any of the two ranges are provided. If none, it raises 'Value Error'. Otherwise - assign
23331: If the direction of movement is 4th quarter, then increase target x by half and y also increases in same amount; otherwise it will do nothing
23332: This Python function adds two lists of numbers together. If they are not equal, it raises an error because you can't add unequal lengths arrays
23333: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime or not by checking divisor from two to square root of that given integer plus one as per mathematical
23334: This function splits an ID into two segments, checks whether the second segment contains "_", then further divides it by underscore to get final result
23335: This line of the Python script converts an integer percentage to its decimal equivalent.  It takes two parameters, part and whole which represent parts or fra
23336: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23337: This Python script attempts to fetch the "Globals" parameters from an external configuration file, and if it fails due some exception then returns `None
23338: This Python function splits the input string by underscore and converts both parts to integers before returning them as list of two elements in order –
23339: This Python function checks whether the input x can be converted to an integer or floating point number. If it's either of these types and successfully conver
23340: This piece of Python script checks the value 'v' and performs an operation based on it. If "value" is 0, then return `
23341: This line of the given python script removes two characters from start in string. The function returns length after removing these 3 character, which is equivalent to
23342: This line of the script retrieves an image's similarity score and its corresponding 'similarity level'. If there is no such information, it returns
23343: This Python script deletes all keys from the dictionary 'D' that are not digits or strings of only numbers if they exist; otherwise it leaves
23344: This function calculates the product of two elements in different positions from 4D arrays. The first element is multiplied by second, and then third
23345: Returns true if the number 'x' is within range defined by two numbers in array "limits".  Range includes both endpoints. If not,
23346: This function takes an integer input 's' and returns three integers. The first two are calculated based on the value of "int" in Python;
23347: If the weight is negative, it raises an error. Otherwise，it formats and returns its value in pounds with two decimal places as string formatting
23348: This line of the Python function returns True if s is equal to 'True', case insensitive, otherwise it will be False or an error in other
23349: This Python script is used to find all .DLL files from the given list of lines and return them as output, if they exist within that specific
23350: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of linear regression given two sets ‘x’ values(coordinates on X axis), one set
23351: If the input 'Value' equals zero then return it as such. Else check whether Value has type of Float; in that case compare with
23352: This function calculates the square root of 'count' divided by ‘math’ module in Python language, which is used to calculate mathematical operations and
23353: This function is used to combine multiple windows management objects into one. It takes in 8 parameters and returns the combined object as output which can be further
23354: If no 'properties' object, return the list of available category names; otherwise get CVE id from it and add to existing ones as an identifier
23355: This function checks if the argument dictionary has 'dfunction' key and then converts all arguments to their appropriate types based on that information – i
23356: This Python function calculates the progress bar string based on given parameters. The 'width' is calculated by subtracting two from total available space, and
23357: This function returns the string representation of an integer 'I' when it is divisible by either three or five but not both. If its remainder from
23358: This line of the program checks if 'value' is divisible by ‘multipy’. If it does, then return True; otherwise
23359: This line of the program calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to M divided by two, multiplied with ten times one seventh part or eleven
23360: This Python function checks whether the given number is present as an element of list or not, and removes it from that same position where found using pop()
23361: This line of the script converts all text to lowercase and splits it into individual word lists, then removes any empty strings resulting from splitting operations
23362: This function returns -(-n). It is used to calculate the power of –(number), which flips sign. The result will be positive
23363: This function returns an empty dictionary with query id as the first element and other elements are filled according to input parameters. The format of output is '{
23364: This Python function checks the given input 'Angle' and returns it in its correct form. If Angles are less than or equal to negative one
23365: If word ‘WordOne’ or 'WoOrDtHree' are empty, it returns the number of characters in another string.
23366: This function checks if the input is valid and returns it. If not an error will raise with appropriate message else return as per requirement from list provided by
23367: If either 'a' is False, return the value of variable "b", otherwise add them together.  This function will only work with numbers and
23368: This Python function returns the requested information in one line. The input parameters are used to format and print out an output string that includes all of these details
23369: This function calculates the total length of all sides in an array. It takes three arrays as input, each with 6 elements representing one side and
23370: This Python function converts the given list of strings into another format, where every occurrence that is not preceded by an O tag has been replaced with
23371: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is_bool' or not and returns it as lowercase version of its string representation without leading/tra
23372: Code to calculate the discount on salary based off of different ranges in percentage and value using dictionary comprehension with if/elif statements; also includes an
23373: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'not' and/or any other condition fails in line one then it raises value
23374: This Python function generates an alphabetical label based on the input parameters. The 'charmap' is used to convert numeric values into corresponding
23375: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two variables. The input is another tuple with four elements representing different parts to be multiplied
23376: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an exponential power. The exponent is given in variable "b".  For example, if
23377: This Python function returns the result of shifting left or right based on whether 'value' is true. It uses an "if" statement to check and
23378: This function is used to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization, where it stores previously calculated results in order
23379: Checks if the values of two objects have same property.  If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned based on comparison result in
23380: This Python script calculates the Precisions, Recalls & Calculation of an f_score. If any one input is zero it returns "G
23381: This Python function counts the number of commases found within an input string. If it finds 18th comma, then returns True; otherwise return
23382: This function returns the reciprocal of n. It's an example to show how division works in Python, but it can be used with any
23383: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both sources and targets are given as input parameters to
23384: This line of Python script adds the values stored in variables 'x' and 'y', then increments by 1. The result is printed to
23385: This function calculates the remainder of x divided by modulus. The result is then shifted and subtracted from zero to make it positive if necessary before
23386: This function checks the 'required roles' setting. If it is set to None, empty string,""" 1 line only with no extra context needed
23387: This line of the Python function calculates how many times an input tensor can be divided by its own size and another given value. It is equivalent to
23388: This Python function implements the right shift operator. It counts how many times it needs to perform an operation, which is equivalent of dividing by 8
23389: This function checks if the moment with id 'flagleafliguleshouldbejustvisible' exists within given list of moments. If it does,
23390: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23391: A recursive function that sums all numbers from the input number down to zero. If it's less than or equal one, then just returns itself
23392: This Python script splits the input string by '.' and returns corresponding value from nested dictionary/data structure using list indexing method, similar to how
23393: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' in equation 3. It takes as input two lists, one with values from which to calculate
23394: This function normalizes the input parameters to be within range [minval, maxval]. The normalization formula is derived from scaling and shifting. It scales
23395: This Python script uses list comprehension to filter out predictions that are below the confidence threshold. It does so by iterating over each prediction patch and only
23396: This function checks if two Python dictionary objects are equal by comparing their keys and values, ignoring order of elements within each key's value list or
23397: This Python function filters out the tokens that are too long and have been defined as "reserved" by user input from an external file 'RESER
23398: This function calculates the square of each digit and sums them up. If number is not between[], it returns that value as per condition else calculate
23399: This Python function calculates the ultimative value of two variables using an iteration process. The loop continues until 98 iterations or when their difference
23400: Sorts the list of dictionary by "_inpputHash".  This is done using lambda function as sorting criteria. The result will be
23401: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to result an integer value that is obtained by multiplying 'first' third element with another
23402: This function returns the number of days in each month based on an inputted numeric value. The range and return values are defined as follows, where
23403: If the fifth element of tuple 't' equals ‘zero’, return true; if it equal to one - false otherwise raise an error message
23404: This function is used to find and return either just “one” or no result from looking up all available .swft files that start with c
23405: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23406: Checks if the difference between two numbers is greater than or less equal to 1/4 of their sum. If true, returns True; otherwise
23407: If variable 'A' and/or ‘B’ are not defined, assign them default values of "1" or the value given in parameter
23408: Checks if the given 'Amazon' account is present within any of lines from `source_codes`. If found, it returns true
23409: A function that takes as input an object 'd' and returns the value of parameter "param" from each key k mapped to its corresponding dictionary entry
23410: This function takes in two tups, and returns another tuple that contains the sum of each pair from both input. The first element is calculated by adding
23411: This function takes an array of dimensions as its parameter and returns the same number or halfed version depending on how many elements it has. It's
23412: If lists are of equal lengths, it performs an XOR operation on each corresponding element. Otherwise raises error stating that they need to have been given as
23413: If the tenant name is already taken, return true. Otherwise false or an error message depending on what happens next based off of your program's logic
23414: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves basic algebra operations on vectors in
23415: This function calculates the volume of an object given its original and new geometry. It uses two parameters, 'ol' is used to represent old or
23416: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the part of that string before any question mark (?). If there is no such thing, it simply
23417: This function returns lines from the input list that do NOT start with "///". It uses Python's built in lambda and map functions to achieve
23418: This Python function calculates the sum of all divisors in an integer. It takes one parameter, 'n', and returns its square root rounded
23419: This function takes an object with 'iterables' as keys and returns another dictionary where the key is same but value refers to each of these datasets from
23420: This Python function calculates the value of phi using Euler's method. The formula is derived from trigonometric functions and it uses an
23421: If either of the inputs are `None` it returns an empty dictionary; otherwise merges two dictionaries by grouping items with same keys and extending
23422: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then pops the "key" from each image dictionnary and stores it as key to another value
23423: This Python function multiplies three variables and returns their sum. The order of multiplication is not important, as long the result remains consistent with mathematical rules applied
23424: This Python function checks whether the input 'Item' can be iterated over. If it does not return its value as an array; otherwise returns itself
23425: Create an array of filenames in the current directory, sort them and convert to all lowecase.  The result is stored as 'no
23426: This function deletes all keys with value of 'None' from the dictionary and its subdictionaries/lists recursively using Python programming language."
23427: Create empty dictionaries to store the results of each placement. 0 initializations and no updates are performed on these variables in any function call, except
23428: If 'in' is used to check whether the string value of variable `C` exists within another object, return its corresponding property from that other class
23429: This Python function creates an array of size i, where each element is the product c times some value from another list. The values are taken directly form
23430: If the condition in parentheses is true, it returns two times product of 'a' and b divided by sum. Otherwise return zero if not
23431: This function returns an estimate of y based on x and two parameters, θ.  The model is linear regression with one feature only - 'x
23432: This Python function attempts to divide two numbers, but if the second number is zero it will return 'Not A Number' or Naive. If an
23433: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' can be considered as an instance of List or not. If it does then return that Value else convert
23434: If the number of color options is more than ten then raise an error with message "Number too high" and return list containing tuples representing RGB
23435: This Python function splits the input comma separated strings into integers and returns them as list of 3 elements in case they are valid inputs; otherwise it
23436: This function checks whether the input is in range of valid year values, ie., between 'year' and end years are within [start_y
23437: This Python script generates an argument list from the given dictionary of command line arguments and their corresponding values using "--key value" formatting, where key
23438: This script generates the destination ids of each non existing dependency from an input dictionary and adds them to 'deployed' set, then removes those
23439: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative. It then calculates and returns its own "factorials" by multiplying all numbers from
23440: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the given graph's edge list. The keys of each entry are nodes; their corresponding
23441: This function sorts the nested lists recursively using Python's builtin sort method, but only when they are not empty and contain at least one element
23442: If the parameter `parameters` contains both keys named as rounded read count ('parameter name': round(value))  AND ordered amount, then it will
23443: Removes non ASCII characters from the given string and returns it as is if all are removed or after removing, return an empty strin in case
23444: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with unique genres from the given 'GenRE' ids using Python programming language – one
23445: This Python function is used to handle the routing of requests in an application using WSGI servers like Gunicorn, uWSGi and
23446: If the variable 'total' is zero, it returns “zero%”. This line of Python script checks whether or not there are any z
23447: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The result is negative, and it's dependent only upon one parameter 'a
23448: This script checks the font'name and returns false when it is one of specific fonts, otherwise true will be returned based on whether there are any specified
23449: Returns the value of "ir_files" argument. This is used to get an input file from user in irrigation system software application development using
23450: This Python function checks the value of 'vartype' and returns an appropriate tuple. If varnum is not one among [34],
23451: This Python script returns configurations that have platforms specified within them, from the list of provided 'Configurations'.  It uses List Comprehension
23452: This Python function checks whether the input is 'zero' or not, and returns zero in case of true else it converts string to floating point number
23453: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns halfway point between two numbers in an array.  The input is 'aa' which represents
23454: This function calculates the value of an arbitrary cubic polynomial given its coefficients. The input is two variables x and y with their respective coefficient values as parameters
23455: This function takes an input string, removes the colon from it and returns that resultant value as output of type str or int based on whether pk
23456: This Python script splits the input string on spaces and returns two values - one is in lower case letters of first word from left to right followed by
23457: This Python function returns the specified parameters. The 'return' statement is used to output or send back data from your program in response of an event like
23458: This function returns the full path to an object in Google Cloud Storage.  The parameters are used as part of constructing that specific URL endpoint and is
23459: This function calculates the total cost of all items present on an inputted dictionary 'receipt'. It uses Python's builtin functions to
23460: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
23461: This Python function tries to convert the input 'value' into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value as is; otherwise converts and
23462: This line of the given Python script checks if 'dtype' is either an empty string or equal to float 1.0, which are two
23463: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function in Python. It starts with initializing 'res' to 0, then it keeps doubling
23464: This Python script splits the input string by semicolon and space, then removes any duplicate token from it using list comprehension with if condition to
23465: This line of the given Python script is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The left shift operator '<<' shifts bits to make space at position
23466: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
23467: This Python function returns the Young'ss moduli and other parameters as per given conditions. The values of K_{zero}, D{o zero),
23468: If the number of bins is less than or equal to 0, it returns 'White'. Otherwise calculates and assigns color based on ratios between
23469: This Python function checks if two rectangles do NOT intersect. It takes the coordinates of each corner and returns True or False accordingly based on whether they are
23470: A function that takes two strings as input and returns true if the first string can be constructed from characters of second. If not it will return false otherwise
23471: This Python script checks the first digit of an integer. If it's zero, then continue to process next digits; otherwise return corresponding string value
23472: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the same length as 'input' list. Then it iterates over each element from input and if
23473: This function checks if any rejected movement is found. If it finds one, the status of all remaining movements are set to 'Reject' else returns
23474: If the longitude is greater than one eighty, subtract thirty from it. Otherwise return original value of 'lons'.   Code explanation and
23475: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'category' object and appends its alias to it as strings into one line of
23476: This function filters out the data where each line starts with '#' character from given list of strings 'rows'.  It uses Python lambda and built
23477: This Python function is used to create column names based on the values in certain columns of an input DataFrame, and then assigns these new created '
23478: This Python script creates and returns the list of Pan family members who are present at least once among all samples, ordered alphabetically by name using sets
23479: This line of the function calculates and returns observation efficiency. Observation Efficiency is calculated as Total Expected Value divided by Duration,
23480: This Python script sorts the dictionary's key and returns corresponding values from it, creating an array of these value pairs as output list using List Compre
23481: This is an example of how to calculate the molecular weight using Python and some other variables defined in another file, which are then used as inputs into your
23482: This function takes in the path of an image and returns its directory name. It does so by splitting up 'splitDir' on '/', returning second
23483: This function returns the string "not implemented" and status of HTTP response, which is not yet defined. The http_response() method in Python does
23484: If the absolute difference between x and y is less than ‘epsilon’, return true; otherwise false or None depending on whether they are equal within
23485: If the given token is present, return its index. Otherwise it returns "unknown" or default value of 0 when not found and also known as
23486: This Python script is iterating over the 'keys' of an object, and assigning each key to variable `key`. Then it tries accessing
23487: This Python script splits the string `INFO` into separate entries using semicolon as delimiter and then stores them inside dictionary format with variable
23488: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23489: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements present within an inputted float number array, and returns that value as output after each iteration through every
23490: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by their first element, with reverse order. The result is then returned as an output from function or
23491: This line of the Python script copies all attributes and methods from 'site' to another object named copy, effectively creating an exact clone or duplicate version in
23492: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23493: This Python function calculates the new weight of an object based on its current velocity and acceleration. The formula is derived from physics, where it's
23494: If the point is within one of two lines defined by their endpoints, return false. Otherwise check whether it's on either side with respect to
23495: This Python function takes an array of integers as input and returns the string representation by joining them with dots in between each number using map() to convert all
23496: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input sequence of objects with unique ids using 'set' to keep track which ones
23497: Removes trailing digits and special characters from the end of string. It also removes leading underscores if they are followed by one or more
23498: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it doesn’t
23499: Generates an effect list using the given data and properties on each element of mesh with indexed by enumeration from 0 to len()-1 .
23500: A Python function that takes in the weather information of an API call and returns dictionary with key value pairs. The keys are "Location Name", “
23501: This line of Python script calculates the day number in three months from 'datetime.now()' and returns it as an integer, rounded down to
23502: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23503: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
23504: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' e belongs to one of three types - float/integer or longer. If it does then returns true
23505: This function checks the programming language used in an input string, and returns its corresponding programmer's notation. If no match is found it defaults back
23506: If the 'release' variable or any of its properties are not defined, it returns false; otherwise checks whether there exists an entry with that value within
23507: This Python script opens the specified text or binary data in write mode and writes content to it using utf – eight character set which is then returned by
23508: This Python function finds the index of two given inputted strings and returns their absolute difference. If either string does not exist within 'words', it will
23509: This Python function checks whether the given color is within valid range. The RGB values of colors are represented as integers in hexadecimal format, ranging
23510: This function takes in an arbitrary number of arguments and joins them into one string separated by spaces. It then prints out the command that was executed with those
23511: If the number of allowed point is zero, return ${$} by default. Else it returns different values based on how many allowable po
23512: This function checks if two intervals overlap. It does so by checking whether the starting point of one interval is less than or equal to its ending time,
23513: This Python script calculates the product of two vectors. The input is given in form [(x1_coord), ... , ]. It
23514: This line of the given C++ program multiplies two elements in an array. The result is then returned by function 'multiply'.  It
23515: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into its components by the '.' character and returns third component of split list which is usually used
23516: This line of the Python script splits 'field' string by first occurrence ('') and returns only its left part before parenthesis, if it exists
23517: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses recursion and keeps replacing 'v' with its remainder until
23518: This is an implementation of the classic "Fibonacci sequence" algorithm in Python, where we create two lists to store results and initialize them
23519: If the string is '.' then it returns '.', otherwise, do nothing.  [1 line]   Code snippet/Example : `
23520: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between 'b' and variable `abs` is less than or equal to ‘epsilon’
23521: Creates an object of type String with the value "name" and appends it to another variable.  The result is stored in 'result'.
23522: This Python script loops over each line of the input list, converts it to lowercase and splits into individual word using space as delimiter
23523: This line of the given Python script adds "-coodrToSf z", which is an option to convert coordinates from one system, in our
23524: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation defined by two points. If they are on vertical lines or coincidently it returns Naan(
23525: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of dictionaries. For each iteration, it extracts "Name" from one
23526: This function takes in an input string and returns the second word of that sentence. It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each end using
23527: This Python function adds filters to the 'additional field' of an existing dictionary. The added filtering is based on given parameters and then appended into
23528: This Python function implements the bitwise XOR operation on two numbers, 'm' and an incremented value of another number. The loop continues until
23529: This line of the script takes care to ensure that 'arguments' variable always contains an instance or default value. If no argument was passed, it defaults
23530: This function takes two lists as input and returns the combination of elements from both list. The result is then joined into one string with no spaces in between
23531: This line of Python script calculates the result “q” by multiplying an integer "n" with another number. The value is then returned
23532: This function takes an input list of strings and returns them joined by commas in one line using the join() method, similar to how it would work
23533: This Python script sums all the elements of nested lists. It initializes an accumulator variable, 'total', to 1 and then iterates over
23534: This function generates all possible coordinates within the given dimensions and returns them as list of tuples If either dimension is less than 1 it will return
23535: This function checks whether the input 'in_dir', which should be an instance of string type and ends with '/'. If it does then returns that
23536: This function returns True if the current active window has an associated View object, otherwise it will False or raises exception in case of error during execution due to
23537: Checks whether the number or length/counts in two lists are equal. If they aren't, it raises an error with message "The
23538: This function returns the name of file to be written in JSON format. The value passed as split id is used within it, and then formatted into string
23539: A dictionary that maps units to their corresponding weapons in the game of Warhammer 40K and returns an empty string if no mapping is found
23540: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns 'i' which is equal to "fv" minus “p”. The result
23541: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23542: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23543: This function returns the top 'n' items in data based on their price. The result is then ordered by descending order of prices and limited to
23544: If the header name starts with 'x-m' and is followed by any number of characters that are not '-', then it returns True. This
23545: This Python function calculates the value of an equation using one line. The result is returned as 'out'.  It's named after "one
23546: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23547: This function opens the file and tries to read it. If an error occurs during reading then returns false else true is returned after successful execution of operation
23548: This Python function sorts an array using the selection sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^2)/3).  It finds and returns minimum
23549: Sorts the list of events by event type and then date in descending order. If no sorting is possible it returns 'None'.  This
23550: This Python function sorts the keys of an input dictionary and creates another one with these key values, but it does so alphabetically by name rather than
23551: This function checks whether the input 'requirements' variable can be considered as string type. If it could then returns true; otherwise false will return from
23552: This Python script splits the filepath into its components and tries to access each component as an attribute of some object using 'getAttr'. If it
23553: If the root's children are empty then return zero. Otherwise calculate and add up all counts of nodes with their descendants to get total number or
23554: This function returns the dictionary with artist name and album title.  The input is not used in any calculations or operations but simply passed to be returned as
23555: If the input 'rec' variable does not exist, return value of one. Otherwise returns zero as it doesn’t have any effect on our program
23556: This function attempts to convert the output of pyHA into Python values. If successful, it returns that value; otherwise prints an error message and then simply
23557: This is an implementation of the getSectionKey method in Julia. It takes three parameters - two strings and one string as input which returns either that specific
23558: This line of the Python function checks if 'v' is one among several strings that are considered true or false values, such as yes/no inputs
23559: Implemented the function to check if an URL starts with "https://" or not using Python's built in string method startwith() and
23560: Removes the leading and trailing quotes from string values.  This is done by using Python's built in functions 'lstip()'.
23561: This Python script generates pairs of consecutive elements from the given list 'result' with length equal to "near". The result is stored as paired values within
23562: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23563: Counts the number of characters that are different between two strings.  It uses Python' builtin functions to compare and count them up as needed using
23564: This Python function cleans the data by removing certain columns from an input DataFrame 'original' and returns it as another cleaned version of that same "Data
23565: Checks the validity of inputs in options pricing model, including checking whether all parameters are positive and within acceptable ranges respectively; also checks that 'alpha'
23566: This Python script creates and returns the unique sets of frozendicts from an input list, where each dict is considered as one "path"
23567: Returns the string that is stored in 'instring' variable.  It does not do anything with it, just returns its value as output of function
23568: Returns the first two elements of list 'c'.  This is equivalent to Python's syntax. The function returns tuple with values at index [i
23569: Generates and returns an alphanumeric of given size with the characters ‘A’ to 'F' or digits from   "".
23570: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first nonempty parentheses group. If no such groups exist it will return "None".
23571: If the length of 'A' is greater than that or less then it appends 1 to both arrays until they are equal lengths and returns them
23572: This function returns the first nonzero value's position. If there is no such number, it will return - ∞ or None if not
23573: This Python script reads an input string, splits it into individual newlinestrings and then removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each
23574: This Python script generates all possible pairs of coordinates within the given grid. The condition checks that each pair is not equal to current coordinate '(' + str
23575: This Python script generates an empty dictionary called 'grid' with the specified dimensions. It then populates it by assigning tuples to its keys
23576: This line of the given Python script doubles all elements in an array. The result is returned as output and printed to console, but it does not
23577: This function calculates the rounded result of 0 to two decimal places from an input number 'value'. The calculation is done by multiplying it with
23578: This Python function calculates the values of 'p' based on three polynomial coefficients and returns them in dictionary format with keys as `"X",`
23579: This line of the script converts 'None' values to an empty string, and then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element within
23580: This function returns the list of files in 'filepath' that end with '.pdf'.  It uses Python lambda and builtin functions to achieve
23581: This Python script creates an infinite loop that cycles through the elements of 'cyclic' list by appending its first element to itself, then calcul
23582: This python script splits the string 'key' into an array of strings using dot as separator and then accesses each element from that list to
23583: This Python script uses list comprehension to create and return the string. The input is two lists, 'term' & ‘collat’ which
23584: This line of the given C++ function checks if specific 'bit' in an integer is set. It does so by performing binary AND operation with
23585: This function checks the type of cell identified by 'CID' and returns an integer corresponding to its category, or 0 otherwise depending on whether it
23586: This function takes an ID and returns the corresponding link to that page in markdown format.  The returned string is formatted as "[ID]()".
23587: This Python function converts the range of an existing variable to another. It does so by calculating how much 'old' data is represented in terms
23588: This script is used to fetch data from different sources and store it into the dictionary. The function takes an identifier as input, checks if that identifer
23589: This function returns the string '{}'. format('World') which is equivalent to Hello World.  The name parameter can be any value and will
23590: This function is used to find the longest common prefix of multiple strings that start with "key". If no such string exists, it returns 'None'.
23591: This function returns the floor of x and y, rounded down to nearest integer using Python's built in math library functions 'math'.  The result
23592: If the number of pizzerias is less than zero and/or total people are also negative return none. Else check whether last added type
23593: This function checks whether the first word of each string is 'HTTP' or not. If it finds an HTTP, then returns URL else name only
23594: This function checks whether the current branch is not 'work in progress' and returns true, otherwise it will return false.  The condition to check against
23595: This function calculates the cumulative sum of an array. If 'p' has less than 4 elements it raises and error because there are not
23596: This line of the Python script is extracting information from an object named 'name'. The preferred locale's details are then extracted and used to get
23597: If the condition is false, it prints an error message and returns None. Otherwise return result of function or value returned by previous functions/methods in case
23598: This Python script splits the input string into individual 'tokens' using space as delimiter and then appends an extra tag to each of
23599: Create table Reply with columns ID, UserID and Message. }"}`;   // This line is missing the closing quote
23600: This function checks if the number is an Armstrong Number. An armstrong numnber of 3 digits or more in base10
23601: This function takes an input string and returns the same but with all characters converted to their corresponding ASCII values. The result is then returned in upper case
23602: This function checks if there are any two elements of the list that can be rearranged to form an increasing sequence. If so it returns true;
23603: This line of Python script adds the two variables, 'guests' and their values. The result is returned by function as output which can be used
23604: This function calculates the largest power of 2 less than or equal to 'n'. It uses bitwise shifting operation. The loop continues until it
23605: This Python function tries to convert the input variable into an integer. If it fails due some reason like if 'a' was not provided as string or
23606: This Python function takes as input the list of paragraphs and an integer 'n', then returns only those elements from that original parameter where their length is
23607: If the 'override' dictionary does not exist or it has no items then return message else update each item of that dict with its corresponding values from
23608: This function checks the value of 'Variable' and assigns appropriate observation variables based on that. If an unrecognized parameter is passed in it raises
23609: This function returns the string representation of an array, joined by commas. The first and last elements are enclosed in angle brackets < > respectively
23610: This line of the program initializes two variables, 'char' to be none and minDistance as infinity.  It then sets these values in order
23611: This script splits the input string into rows based on newline characters and returns them as list of lists, where each inner array is one line from
23612: This script will iterates over all the files with .xml extension and returns their names if they end on ".txt". If no such filename is found
23613: This line of the function checks if bit '1' in binary representation is set. If it isn’t, then returns true; otherwise false or
23614: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the key/value pairs from input string 'fields'. The split function is used to divide
23615: This function returns the string '<prefix>' followed by an access token. The prefix is defined as wopi and then appended with '_
23616: Checks whether two vectors are not the same size. If they aren't, it raises an error with message "Vector lengths do no match!"
23617: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
23618: This Python script creates two lists, one with the names of all 'SUBPART' entries and another without. It then returns these combined list as output
23619: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'points' inputted into it by another function and append each third element of that
23620: This Python function finds the tab character in each string and splits it into query/subjec parts if present; otherwise returns an empty tuple with
23621: This function scales the coordinates of bounding rectangles to fit within an arbitrary maximum dimension specified by 'max'. The scaling is done so that any part
23622: This function calculates the cross product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from each input, and
23623: This function raises an error when the input 'int' isn’t provided or it doesn‘nt be non negative. It then returns result of expression
23624: This function calculates the bounds of an ingredient's score based on its position in relation to all ingredients or other similar entities within it’ s scope
23625: This Python script is used to sort the 'pages' dictionary, specifically it uses list comprehension and lambda function on its elements which are stored as
23626: This script is used to generate the output file path. It takes in two parameters, 'inp' and ‘out’ which are paths of
23627: This function checks whether the input is real number and returns an integer based on its sign, or zero otherwise depending upon it's value in terms of
23628: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it's empty or not; If the length of that is zero then return another blank space else
23629: This Python function generates an HTML anchor tag with the specified URL and text content, which is then returned as part of another string in BeautifulSoup
23630: This Python script returns the specified parameters. The 'return' statement is used to output or send back data from your function/method in response of an
23631: This Python function calculates three different functions based on the input parameters 'x' and ‘y’, then returns their summation as output which
23632: This function takes in the source of an Elm module and replaces all occurrences "." with /".  It's used to convert
23633: This function calculates the average orientation difference between consecutive states of an agent's path through space and returns both these values as well calculated averages over
23634: This Python script opens the file specified by 'fname' and reads its content into memory using list comprehension to strip leading/trailing whitespace
23635: This Python function retrieves the "Provisoned State" of an AWS EC2 Instance from its JSON object representation if it exists, else returns
23636: This function takes two lists of four numbers as input, adds the corresponding elements from each list together and returns these sums in another tuple.  It assumes
23637: This function calculates the extinctions per unit of mass in different stars based on their distance to Earth and returns an array with these values calculated from
23638: This is an equation that calculates the speed of sound in water, given weight and length as input parameters; it's based on empirical data from
23639: This list comprehension filters the exchangess from our data set based on their type. It only includes those that are either 'From Environment',
23640: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each key of the input 'dict' object `Data` which contains other dictionaries as
23641: This function counts the number of negative values and their proportion to all positive ones within each pair from two dictionaries with keys that are sorted alphabetically
23642: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase using an 'if' statement and returns it as output in one line of python scripting language
23643: This Python function returns the sum of two strings, based on which string is less than or greater. If 'w' equals to ‘word’
23644: This Python function takes as input the 'tokens' variable and returns it after converting all its elements to lower case using List Comprehension with
23645: This line of the Python script is using regular expression to find all occurrences in 'source text' that match with pattern defined by regex object "
23646: If the target background percent is less than or equal to 98% of minimum annoted percentage, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns
23647: This Python function checks the first two characters of an input variable 'Name'. If they are underscores ('_'), it returns one or more specific
23648: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
23649: This Python script generates an array of strings, where each string is the URI and content type pair from 'alternatives' pairs list separated by commas
23650: This Python script adds 9 to the inputted value and prints out that result. The variable 'response' holds its final output which was calculated as
23651: This line of the Python script checks whether or not 'lim' is divisible by ‘batch_siz’. If it isn, then
23652: If the input 'None' or an empty list, return current filename as it was before appending to its parent directory paths; otherwise convert all elements
23653: This function joins the base url with specific paths. It's used to generate unique file names in experiments and executions directory structure  based on given
23654: This Python function takes an ISO 639 country/region identifier and converts it into the format of "Language Code - Country Name". If
23655: This script is designed to find and return all the unconsistent typical range of each train/tram line, which are stored as objects within '
23656: This line of Python function returns the result from performing integer division on year plus nine hundred. The value is then divided by ten zeroes to get an
23657: This function checks if an object is of class "Segment" in Python. It's used to determine whether the other parameter passed into it should be
23658: This line of the given Python script checks whether variable 'c' is equal to string value "'a'" and returns corresponding result. If not, it
23659: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23660: This function returns the level of agreement based on given 'consensus' value, with 1 being high and .6 or less is medium,.4
23661: This function calculates the Z score, which is used in many statistical tests. The formula given here computes how "significant" or 'us
23662: This line of Python script returns the maximum number in numList.  It uses builtin function 'max' to find and output largest value from list
23663: This function is designed to return an amount of points based on the name, type or state/input combination that was passed in as parameters when called upon
23664: This Python function raises an error when either of the variables are negative. It then calculates and returns two values based on these inputs - variable 'x
23665: This function returns the dictionary created from an inputted word, definition and example. The returned object includes all of these values as well additional ones like th
23666: Checks if the event type and email validation are correct. If either of them isn't met then it returns false with an error message stating that
23667: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it's one of the three common types used to define vertex or fragment/tessellation
23668: This Python function takes an array as input and returns the transpose of that matrix. It does so by iterating over each column index, then using
23669: This script creates an empty list of lists, where each sublist is filled with the plies from 'ply_orders' that belong to their respective
23670: This function checks the given 'angle' against two maximum values, and returns either of them. If it is greater than one value but less or equal
23671: This Python function returns two lists. The first list is the result of rounding each element 'coord' by one decimal place and then returning these
23672: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an address. The '+' operator combines two numbers, where one number in hexadecimal
23673: This function takes two parameters, parent and name. It returns the concatenation of these with an underscore in between them as per your requirement –
23674: This function takes three values and returns their product.  It's simple, but it does the job well in its current form as long there are
23675: Splits the URL into protocol part ('http'), domain/port or IP address after '//'.  If there is an additional slash followed
23676: This Python function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the sum associated with its maximum absolute value. If multiple values have same highest magnitude then it
23677: If the input 'sentiment score' isn’t provided, it returns ‘None'. Otherwise depending on whether its value lies between -1 and
23678: This line of the Python script is performing division operation. The result will be returned as output from function call, which can then used elsewhere in your program
23679: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the first two elements of each tuple from 'inputData' as keys, while keeping their
23680: This script is used as part of the Genomic Data Analysis tool. It takes an input list 'cluster' and creates dictionaries where keys are gen
23681: This python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the short hand names of months. The keys are long form, values - their corresponding numeric
23682: If the variable 'None' isn’t provided, it defaults to ‘You.” Otherwise returns string with greeting and your own names in
23683: This Python function is used to create and manage the 'subMap' dictionary. The key of each entry within it, which can be either an individual
23684: This Python script converts an integer to its digits and returns them as list of integers, which is essentially the reverse order or "reversed
23685: This line of the given Python script is responsible to reverse an input string. The variable "return" joins all characters in list into one single output,
23686: This function returns the CSS 'justifyContent' property based on input string. It accepts one of five keywords and maps it to its corresponding value from
23687: This line of the program calculates and assigns minimum values to variables 'y' ('yy') from two bounding boxes. The y variable is
23688: Checks if two lists of arc indices are equal in size. If not, raises an error with appropriate message text." SUMMARY END
23689: This function finds the first occurrence of "(", if it doesn't find any, returns original string; then looks to see whether there is another
23690: line[:: -1] reverses the string in Python Code : return " ".join([word[-3:] + word[:4].
23691: This line calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The result is added to 'dx' and then returned as one single number
23692: This Python function calculates the difference between two elements and then multiplies it by n, plus one more element. The result is returned as output of
23693: This line of the given Python script is returning only part after removing ""/dev/". It's simply getting file names from /dev/.
23694: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given 'post' list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements
23695: This function returns the maximum of one and rounded version divided by two. If input is positive it will return an integer between zero to nine; otherwise output
23696: This Python function joins all the elements in nodelist into one single, comma separated and without trailing commas line break character at end of output
23697: This script merges two dictionaries into one dictionary by checking if keys exist and assigning values from the second dict to first or vice versa based
23698: This line of the given Python function checks if 'number' is divisible by ‘multiplicative’. If it does, then returns True
23699: This Python script finds the first occurrence of ':' in an XML/HTML string and returns it if found, else return its original form as is with
23700: This Python function attempts to retrieve the size, in bytes ,of an inputted path's associated data or returns 'None'. If there is no
23701: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23702: This line of the Python function calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras'
23703: Removes the specified parameters from input dictionary 'param'.  It only keeps those which are NOT present as keys within list of strings "fixedParams".
23704: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns length or number elements in each sublist.  The function 'map' applies to every element
23705: Returns whether the given value is less than or equal to an inputted 'limit'. If it's not, returns False; otherwise True.
23706: This Python script opens the file in temp directory and writes it to another location on your clip board with same name of original but appended by "_copy
23707: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23708: This function returns the values of three variables as an object.  The first two are strings and represent some form or reference to login credentials; while "
23709: This Python function splits the inputted text into individual word, then returns last lowercased one if it exists; otherwise return 'None'.
23710: This Python function checks the type of an input parameter and performs different actions based on its value or not; it also converts string parameters to lowercase
23711: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, it returns “pending”. Otherwise; when given an actual number or string that represents some
23712: This function returns the path to an hdf file with given out directory and labelling it as specified in argument "label". This is done
23713: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string. The function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be peptonid sequence and sorts
23714: This Python script is used to find the maximum value of keys that contain 'FF' followed by an integer number within them and return it as output or
23715: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' has been passed as dictionary or it raises an error when there are any non dictionaries present and also
23716: This Python function counts the number of vowels ('aeiuAEIOUA') present within given string 's'.  It uses list comprehension and
23717: This function calculates the number of an element in Pascal's triangle. The formula is row*(row+(total elements)-current_element
23718: This function takes in two lists of numbers and returns the summation or concatenation result.  It uses map() to convert each number into string before
23719: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The absolute values are used to ensure that distances can be positive or negative,
23720: This function checks the input string 'type' and returns an abbreviation based on its content. If it doesn’t match any of these, then
23721: This block of codes checks the speed and widths, but it only changes them when they are within certain limits. If their values go outside these bounds
23722: Prints "Inside UnBinding" to the console. No return value is returned as it'll be an empty dictionary in Python programming language,
23723: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by splitting input string s on underscores and then capitalizing each word. If it'
23724: This function calculates the slip velocity in one dimension using quasi steady state conditions. The equation is derived from an epsilon, energy and mass density parameter
23725: This dictionary holds information about different states of an Ethereum blockchain node. The keys are strings that represent these state names; each value in turn
23726: This function calculates the output size of an operation in convolutional neural networks. It takes into account both input and filter sizes, as well some additional
23727: This Python function is used to split the given list of 'branches' into two lists. The first half contains all elements from original branches and
23728: This function takes two bytes as input, and returns the value of one byte in binary format. The first bit is shifted to make room at position
23729: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses List Comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays/lists and then
23730: This Python script checks if an 'inbox' is present or empty, then it looks at the rules to see which ones are applicable. If any
23731: This Python script sorts the dictionary by value and returns an index of matching item based on 'node' input from another function or variable "workers".
23732: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23733: This script is used to compare two lines in the form of lists. It takes four points from each list and compares them using an equality checker
23734: Returns 'True' or "dist<=r" and returns False otherwise. This is essentially checking whether the distance between two points in space, given
23735: This Python script performs bitwise operations on the variables 'a', and returns their result. The operation is performed in such way that it's possible
23736: If the centre of an object is moving to be less than its current value, it calculates and stores difference.  Otherwise nothing happens or does not
23737: This Python script creates an identical copy of the first inputted 'List' and then subtracts each element from it according to its position within another
23738: This line of the program checks if 'dividend' is evenly divided by another number, i.e., it returns True when they are
23739: If the last character of 'parent', which is assumed to be an absolute path, ends with slash ('/'), then appends it onto its
23740: This function takes in the minimum quantity and converts it to float. It uses Julia's builtin functions "strip" & “parse”
23741: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23742: Returns the duration of track in seconds. The function is named as 'track_duration' and it takes one argument, which should be an instance or
23743: This Python script creates two empty lists and then fills them with the "sizess", which are extracted from each dictionary within 'clusters'.
23744: This function generates all possible combinations of the inputted strings with duplicates removed using Python's builtin functions and list comprehension." --
23745: If the second parameter is an opening bracket, then check whether it's followed by another closing one.  Otherwise return false; else true or
23746: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23747: A function that returns the value of 'v' if it exists and its corresponding string otherwise. If no such pair is found then return None or an
23748: This function returns the index of largest number among three given numbers. If all are same it will always be zero and in case two or more different values
23749: This Python function converts degrees to hours and minutes. It takes the degree as input which is assumed in range of [18°–79
23750: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns maximum absolute difference between two coordinates. The function takes as input an iterable object 'init'
23751: If the lengths are unequal, raise an error. This is because mean and median angles should be calculated from similar data points but with different numbers in
23752: This Python function converts the given timestamp into string format with specific pattern, e..g., 06 / JANUARY  | 9
23753: This Python function checks the input 'pixel' and returns an integer based on its data types. If it is not recognized, then raises exception with
23754: This Python function takes an argument that can be either string or tuple of two elements and tries to split it into "Remote" & “Branch
23755: This function checks if there are any DPIDs that have not been measured within the given timeframe and returns true or false accordingly based on whether
23756: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the items of 'master' dictionaries using nested loops to split keys into segments with dots
23757: This program converts the input number into its equivalent ascii character. It counts each individual ASCII value of digits and returns that total which
23758: This function checks whether the current system is Windows or not by using sys module's 'sys'.function "SISWINDOWSS()".
23759: Sorts the two lists of Customer Experience Score data by innovation number in ascending order using Python' builtin function "sort".  The l
23760: This function checks whether the input string "code" matches certain conditions. If it does match these criteria then return true else false or vice versal depending
23761: This Python function calculates the quotient and reminder of an integer division. It takes three parameters 's', which is used to calculate squaring operation
23762: This Python script splits the string on "." and takes only first part after splitting by colon, if it's not present then assigning `
23763: This script is used to extract the parameters and their corresponding score from an array of tuples. The extracted data are then returned as three separate lists
23764: This Python function matches names that adhere to certain conventions and returns two groups from them if they match successfully; otherwise it raises an error message indicating
23765: This function checks if the variable 'x' exists and returns it. If no such value, then an error message will be displayed to help debugging
23766: This Python script reads an input file and splits each row into two parts using the comma as separator then converts these to integers respectively which are
23767: If 'a' and '/', the division of two numbers, is equal to zero then return "zero", else returns result from dividing them together
23768: This Python function generates an output string based on the input parameters of 'configurations' and '%'. The configurations are represented as strings that get append
23769: If the output of 'isFault' function does NOT return true then it returns an expression that checks whether two values are equal to each other.
23770: This function replaces certain characters in the given string with other specific ones, replacing them as per their respective ASCII values to avoid any confusion or errors
23771: This Python function calculates the mean squared error of an array 'x' and returns one minus its average square deviation from zero, which is commonly
23772: This Python script calculates the remainder of division by one and converts it to cents. The result is then rounded off using built in function 'round
23773: This Python script creates an empty list, then appends the values of 'A', ‘B’ and so on to it in order until all
23774: This script creates an empty list and then fills it with dictionaries, each containing the paragraph text from 'contexts', question texts form'tions
23775: This Python function takes an id as input and returns the corresponding URL. The ID is first splitted into two parts using @ symbol to get both user
23776: If the name of an object starts with 'orcg' or ‘Chrome’ in any order and is not specifically Chrome or Orche
23777: This Python script returns an AWS IAM policy that allows the specified SageMaker bucket to perform both Put and Get operations on all objects in its
23778: This function takes the name of an organization as input and replaces 'pm' with ‘p’ or long names like PM/long etc.,
23779: This program continuously subtracts  and adds to the variable 'num' until it reaches either positive or negative values of .6, then returns that
23780: A function that returns the minimum and maximum values from an input list. If there are no elements to process it will return 'none' as both min
23781: This Python script counts the occurrences of each unique word from an input JSON file. The result is then stored as dictionary where keys are ingredients and
23782: This line of the Python function returns half value from given input 'channel'. The result is normalized to be between [1, -inf] range in
23783: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. If 'a' is zero it returns value from second parameter else
23784: This Python script checks whether the variable "year" is present within variables of type Datetime object and returns an empty string or formatted date time as per
23785: If the length of string is less than 2, return false. Otherwise continue with your logic to check whether it's palindrome or not
23786: This Python function checks whether the operator is one of four comparison operators. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or else returns an
23787: This script creates an empty dictionary named 'Detectors' and fills it with the information from another configuration file. The keys of these dictionaries are
23788: This function computes the number of input/output neurons based on its dimensions. If it has only one or two dimensionality then they are directly
23789: This script generates the bounding box coordinates that can be used to crop an inputted size. The dimensions of these boxes are determined by moving along both
23790: "A function that returns 'the' in its name." – This is not an actual sentence, it just gives you some idea of what your
23791: This line of the script checks if an object 'o' has attribute named "CURIE" and returns its value, otherwise it will return false by
23792: This function converts bytes to human readable format using the power of Python's built in string and math functions, with an added check if n
23793: This Python function takes as input the list of position objects and an integer 't', then it returns all elements from that object's array which have
23794: Checks the "types" of exchanged data and returns True only when they are one or more types from given list, otherwise False."""  #
23795: This line of the given Python script reduces 'throughput' to its minimum value. If it is already at or above that limit then no change occurs
23796: This Python function finds the index of maximum score among all scores. It initializes two variables to negative one and infinity respectively which are used as placeholders
23797: Converts the string to uppercase if it is 'true' or lower case otherwise, raises an error when invalid input given in Python scripting
23798: Splits the string into two pieces at '==' and assigns them to keys & values if they exist in that format; otherwise returns none
23799: This function calculates the weight of an object based on its mass and height. The formula used is simple, but it's not very accurate because
23800: A dictionary is created with the key 'data' and its value being another dict. The first element of that inner dicitionary has two keys -
23801: This line of the Python script is creating an expression that will be used to match files in directory based on their name patterns and formatting conventions defined
23802: If the two lists have equal length, compare each element of both.  Return false as soon they are not identical and return true once all elements match
23803: If the input is greater than 1, return it. Otherwise raise an error with message "Expected Positive Integer". This function will ensure that only
23804: This function converts all uppercase characters in the input to lower case and replaces every "." with an underscore (_).  It's
23805: This function checks if the last character of an HGVS string is "<". If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false or None
23806: This Python script uses regular expressions to search the 'manifest' file content and return whether it contains any matches or no matching patterns found in regexp defined
23807: This line of Python script is creating an empty list and then using nested looping to populate it with the same elements from another two lists. The
23808: Mapping between different data types and their corresponding C++ type. This is used in the conversion of input from one format to another, such as
23809: This Python function checks whether two variables are different or equal based on their type; returns 'True' when they differ otherwise it will return "False".
23810: Generates list of full names from the given dictionary. 1 line solution using List Comprehension and f string formatting technique to achieve it
23811: If the 'BitPosition' is less than one or if "AlignmentValue" equals to zero, it returns BitPositon. Otherwise calcul
23812: This line of the Python script splits each string in buffer by ':' and then removes any leading or trailing whitespace from both columns/values
23813: This Python function takes three string arguments, converts them to floats and then performs some mathematical operations. The result is returned as the final output of
23814: This function converts numbers to names. It uses if/else statements and predefined variables, making it very efficient in terms of computation time complexity
23815: If the value in "Pixel per clock" is not divisible by that specified as 'Window width', an Error will occur because it's
23816: This function takes in the link and returns it as all characters are converted to their corresponding ASCII values, then the result is returned.  The output
23817: This function returns the maximum value in an array. If there is only one item, it directly return that as maxima; otherwise find and compare all
23818: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute value of an input list. If all values are equal, it returns 'm' as zero; if only
23819: This function calculates the square of 'x' and then multiplies it with another variable. The result is returned as output from that specific method in
23820: This line of the given Python script is fetching layer name from permissions dictionary. If it doesn't exist in 'features', then return its own
23821: Code snippet that extracts domain names from the 'https' schema and adds them to dictionary with key as httpSchemaOrgDomainName
23822: Check if two strings are anagrams. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print "Not Anagram" and then
23823: This script attempts to convert the "src_por", and	"desp_" fields of packet dictionary into integers. If these values cannot be converted,
23824: If the length of `ID` is 1 and it starts with either an "a" ("A") then return true, else false. El
23825: This Python function checks the orientation of an object and returns its corresponding index. If it's not recognized, then return - 9876
23826: This function calculates the total price of an item, taking into account its base cost and any markups applied by artists. The result is then multi
23827: This line of the program is setting up an integer variable named 'mask' to be 8 bits long and all ones. The left shift operator "
23828: This Python function calculates the concentration of carbon monoxide in air by taking into account factors like temperature and humidity levels which are multiplied with
23829: This line of the script is creating an ordered list from 'con' string using Python, where each element represents one item separated by semicolon (;
23830: This function adds an ellipsis to the end of each utterance. It checks whether or no last character is one among '.','?' and	'
23831: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'a ==/= to 1
23832: This Python function calculates the total number of elements and then divides each element by that value to create an output dictionary where keys are original values from
23833: This script generates two SQL insert statements based on the input dictionary of column names and their corresponding data types/length to be inserted into an empty table with
23834: This function splits the input string into two parts based on either ":" or ".," and returns them as separate strings, with an exception being thrown
23835: This Python function returns the HSL value of an RGB based on scores. The colors are defined in terms that correspond to different ranges from low ("low
23836: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23837: This Python script opens the file specified by filename and writes each event to it on separate lines using str().  The result is that all of these individual
23838: This function calculates the average of two given values with an added ‘noise’ to avoid division by zero error in case one or both are equal
23839: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not 'None' exists in variable "ProID". If it does, then assigns an empty
23840: This function finds the position of '\r' character in 'physical_lines'. If found it returns its index and message else return none  Code Description
23841: This function swaps the characters at positions A and B of two strings. If an error position is found it will swap them back to their original order
23842: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23843: This Python function checks whether the focal length of an object's camera information dictionary contains another key, 'foxalen', or it doesn’
23844: Code is used to filter out routes that are not available on the source id of each element within 'remote' list, and only keep those which have
23845: A list of functions to perform various mathematical operations. 10 different types are available in the library with names as per their function descriptions below; scalar
23846: This Python function calculates the dot product of two quaternions. The result is returned as an array with 0 and 6 elements, where
23847: This Python function calculates the value of 'm' and adds it to an input number based on its AWS level using different formulas depending upon their levels
23848: This line of the Python function returns an eVaporated value. The "-" operator is used to reverse its effect, thus making it act as
23849: This function checks the given input and returns 'Yes' or ‘No’ based on its truthiness. It does not do anything else with it
23850: This Python script is used to connect with the SQLITE database using an ID provided by another function in spiders directory of your project and returns its path
23851: Checks that the lengths between two lists match. If not, it raises an error with appropriate message indicating mismatch in length among them."  [
23852: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each word of the input, breaking when it encounters blank lines to avoid unnecessary iterations through
23853: This Python function performs arithmetic operations based on the value of an 'operator' variable. It uses conditional statements to perform different actions depending upon what operation
23854: This Python script splits the file path into components and then renames them as per your requirements using string manipulation functions like split(), rsplt
23855: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns them joined by hyphens.  It is used to format the output in one line, making
23856: If 'None' or negative value given as input then set it to the "default" else check and adjust its position within range. The final result
23857: Finds the first occurrence of " OR ". If found, returns everything before that. Otherwise it just gives back original input as is because there're
23858: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23859: This Python function calculates the coordinates of four corners in pixels based on an inputted x and y values. The 'center' is calculated as half
23860: This Python script converts binary addresses to their corresponding decimals format by splitting the address into its individual parts and then converting each part from Binary
23861: This Python function returns the index of first digit encountered if any, else raises an error "Digits Not Found". It uses is_ascii
23862: This Python function tries to find the absolute path of an input file, but if it fails due some error then instead returns its parent directory's abs
23863: Creates dictionary with subject, object categories and their bounding boxes as well the label of relation between them. Also includes source image name in sentence format
23864: Creates an empty dictionary.  Key is the name of variable, Value can be any data type like string or integer etc., and it's
23865: This line checks if the value of 'b' is either equal to or included within an array containing both strings ('bla', ‘bx’,
23866: This program uses the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The loop continues until 'n' becomes zero and then it calcul
23867: This is an implementation of the bitwise shift and rotation operation. The left shifting operator '<<' shifts bits to make space at position num%3
23868: This Python script removes duplicate elements from the list of lists 'objects'. It keeps track and updates maximum length found so far by comparing lengths after each iteration
23869: This Python function calculates the cube root of 'n' divided by an extremely small number, which is then raised to half power and returned as
23870: This Python script returns all the points within each of these two nested lists.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively process both 'contors'
23871: Return the current state of an IoT device as JSON.  The result is successful and includes information about its status in 'controller' field along with
23872: This Python script opens the file specified by filename and writes smi to it in one line using 'with' statement which automatically closes after use or
23873: This line of the function returns num ANDed with ((~((`noFbits)-'s'->bitwise_mask()))). The bit
23874: This function takes in two parameters, number of seconds and the framerates. It returns an integer that is equivalent to converting these values into frames per
23875: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'nodes' variable which contains all of our data to be processed by function "cl
23876: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to m. It uses arithmetic series formula which is derived by mathematical induction and it's
23877: This function takes in an input string and returns the URL of that page. It does not do any error checking or formatting, so it's
23878: This function returns the next value in an API's JSON data if it exists, otherwise returning 'None'.  Code is designed to handle any type
23879: This Python script uses regular expressions and the match function of python's 're'(regular expression module). It matches lines that start with "VALUE",
23880: This function converts the input to its appropriate type based on what it's currently holding - string or not; lists and dictionaries are also converted
23881: If the object 'obj' does not exist, return none; otherwise get its value as signed number and then returns it – Code snippet
23882: This function takes in two parameters, an array of strings and the name to be used as prefix. It returns all elements concatenated with '.' followed
23883: This function takes an input number, in pence and returns the equivalent value as pounds. The conversion is done by adding one to your original amount then
23884: This line of the given Python script is fetching data from an object called 'ncrna' and retrieving its value associated with key named as
23885: This Python function returns the result of multiplying two elements from different arrays. The first element in each array is multiplied with second and third, then
23886: This Python function calculates the number of differences between two sequences. It compares each pair element from both sequence and increments 'distance' if they
23887: This Python script attempts to convert the input string into lowercase, but if an exception occurs during conversion or when provided with something that's not expected
23888: This script is designed to return the TLD of any given URL, which in our case it's 'http'.  It uses Python and its
23889: This line of Python script creates and returns an XML string. The geometry tag is used to define the type or shape, while mesh file name attribute specifies
23890: This Python function calculates the number of bytes needed to store an object in memory, taking into account padding and alignment requirements. It does so by adding
23891: This Python function creates an empty ‘grid’ of given height and width, with each cell initially set to None or nothing if no value is assigned
23892: This script calculates the size of training, development and test sets based on task type. For dialect tasks it's 3 types with sizes respectively
23893: This function checks if the two given axis are equal, that they're neither none nor empty. It also verifies whether or no their limits match
23894: If the object `has` an attribute named "PK" or it contains such attributes then return its id else do nothing – otherwise check whether there
23895: This function checks if the input `caller` can be considered as lambda or normal Python object by checking whether it's either an anonymous/
23896: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
23897: This function returns the resource of each given list element.  It uses Python's builtin map() and lambda functions to achieve its goal,
23898: This Python function converts an array of integers into string representation with underscores between each integer. If the input is empty, it returns nothing as
23899: This function takes in an input string and removes all the special characters from it. It does so by replacing each of these character with its corresponding space ("
23900: This function returns the first element of an array that matches one or more specified values.  In our case, it will either be 'provider' with
23901: This Python script creates two lists from the given polygon vertices and then appends duplicate of first point to both list which is not required as per problem statement
23902: This Python script converts the string to lowercase if it is either 'True', or upper case, but not all other cases are covered by these
23903: This line of the script is splitting 'value' by "/" and storing it in an array called "last_elements". The resultant list will
23904: This script checks whether the provided path ends with '.cs' or ''. If it doesn’t, then appends .CSV to make sure
23905: This program calculates the maximum value of an arithmetic expression by using different operators. It uses nested loops to check all possible combinations and keeps track with
23906: This line of the Python function checks if request type is an HTTP response. It does so by checking whether or not there's bitwise AND operation
23907: This Python function calculates the value of variable 'a' based on two given variables, and returns it. The formula is as follows - 1
23908: This Python function calculates the median and standard deviation of an input list by using two different methods to calculate them firstly it uses Z score method then
23909: This function returns the dictionary sorted in ascending order based on its keys and values, but it does not modify any original data structure or create new one
23910: This Python script cleanses the given text by removing double quotes, brackets and splitting it into separate timestamps using commas as delimit
23911: This is an implementation of the function f(x, y), which has two parameters x and y. The value returned by it depends on these values
23912: This Python function adds 98 to the first two elements of an array, then converts these new values into one integer. The result is returned
23913: This Python script sorts the array 'data' by field specified in variable "fields" and limits its length to given number of elements. The result is
23914: This Python function checks whether the input value can be converted to an integer or floating point number. If it's not one of these types - i
23915: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
23916: This function returns the smallest value between two given values. It also ensures that any returned result is within an inclusive range defined by 'ymin' and
23917: A function that takes an arbitrary number of keyword arguments and returns the default value associated with each key. If no such argument is found it will return None
23918: This Python function calculates the result of an investment based on its multiplier and starting capital, with no interest earned or loss due to dividends/
23919: This Python script calculates the value of Sal/c and then multiplies it by '(b - ((3*x)/4))' where
23920: This Python function checks the size of an input string, which can be either numeric or with units like 'KB', '. MiB' etc.,
23921: This script is used to merge two dictionaries into one, but only if the keys are unique and there's no overlap between them; otherwise it
23922: This Python function checks whether the input `X` can be interpreted as an integer or float and returns it accordingly with any leading zeros removed from both
23923: This Python function returns '+' or '-', depending on the value of variable "x". If X is greater than, equal to zero it will
23924: This script is used to extract the IP address, location information and country from an input JSON object. The output of each operation are stored in 'IP
23925: This script calculates the number of days, hours and minutes from seconds. It does so by first dividing or "//" out all possible units
23926: This Python function calculates the golden ratio and returns it along with its corresponding width of figure in inches as an array –[phi_value ,
23927: This function takes two dictionaries as input and returns them combined. It uses the spread operator to combine both of these into one dictionary in Python 3
23928: This Python script splits the input string "name" into an array using ':' as separator and then returns last element of that list which is
23929: Code counts the frequency of each character/letter and checks if any letter appears more than once or not; returns false when it finds duplicate letters while returning
23930: This Python script deletes certain dictionary entries based on the type of data they hold; it also removes empty strings from dictionaries using 'Symbol' as
23931: This Python function checks the value of 'resName' and assigns it to an appropriate amino acid sequence. If not recognized, then returns original
23932: This Python function converts an integer to its power of 3. It uses bitwise shifting and the fact that any number raised by one is always
23933: This Python function checks whether an authorisation bearertoken exists and raises error when not. It also sets the appropriate HTTP header based on request type
23934: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract information from filenames, specifically looking at the format of tarballs with numeric identifiers
23935: Removes commas from numbers in string. Uses regex to identify and replace groups of three digits with comma separators – but only if
23936: This Python function checks whether the input "dataStr" starts with '@' followed by any number of alphanumeric characters or underscores
23937: This Python function generates an array of numbers that are used to calculate the binomial coefficients. The values at indices [i][j], where i
23938: This Python script creates and returns the average of absolute differences between each element from 'i' with its position. The result is halfed to avoid negative
23939: This function checks whether the input 'object' has an instance of class "Abstract Array" or its length equals 1. If it does and returns
23940: This is an example of conditional statements in Python. It checks the value 'dt_versio' and returns different values based on its condition(s
23941: This function checks if the value of 'x' is even or odd and returns either its corresponding color in RGB format. If it’s an invalid
23942: This script extracts all hashed tags from the given Twitter data. It then joins them with ' | '.  The result is returned as one line
23943: This Python script checks if the file name starts with any of given undesired or wanted preffix, and returns true/false accordingly based on
23944: Checks if the number of dots (".") present is either 1 or two. If yes then it returns true else false; otherwise -> False
23945: This Python function calculates the distance between each pair of coordinates and adds them to 'results' if they are within 3 units from their previous coordinate
23946: This function checks the first three characters of an input string, and based on whether it's '<<', returns either part after '#'. If not
23947: This function returns an object with the properties 'column' and other two. The column property is set to be equal in value of input parameter; it
23948: This python function calculates the number of bits set to one. It uses bitwise operations and loops through all possible numbers from zero upto 'n
23949: This is an implementation of the bitwise AND operation in Python. It takes two arguments, 'bits' and '_mask', where _mask should be
23950: This Python function checks if the HTTP response has an idempetent key error, returns True or False based on that condition; otherwise it will raise
23951: This Python function takes an MIME type as input and returns the corresponding file extension or 'None' if it is not recognized by our system."""
23952: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers 'b' and returns its square root using numpy library functions sum() &
23953: This Python function checks the value of 'Base' and returns corresponding DNA nucleotide. If Base is not 4, it raises an error message
23954: This function takes in text and replaces all occurrences of three consecutive newlines with one. It's used to clean up the output from
23955: This Python script sorts the list of lists by third element. The function uses bubble sort algorithm to achieve that and returns sorted version back as output from python
23956: This Python script reads through the input string, skipping over any lines that start with "///", and then returning all remaining non-"---". It
23957: This function returns an abbreviated version of the text with its full form and tooltip. The result is formatted as HTML string using Jinja templ
23958: This Python function calculates the value of 't' in equation 3. It takes two parameters, both are real numbers and returns one number as
23959: This Python function returns two lists, the first one with every second element from 'seq', and another list containing only odd elements of sequence.  The
23960: Generates the public names of all persons involved with an "event" object.  The result is joined into one string, separated by commas and
23961: If the start index is greater than end, it returns original string. Else depending on whether we are at either beginning or one of last position in
23962: If the input 'is instance of' tuple/list or dictionary then return it as given. Else check whether length equals 1 in which case
23963: A list of vertices and face indices is created in the form required by Blender's mesh data structure."   }]}]]]}}}}}"
23964: This function checks if the file format is TOA4 or not, as well whether it's raw data. If both conditions are met then returns
23965: A dictionary of volume values with keys and corresponding calculated volumes based on the number reactions numbered in each key value pair ("key" is just an example
23966: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It uses an arithmetic progression formula to calculate it, which is more
23967: This Python script generates the list of strings by repeating underscores (_). If string starts with an "_", it repeats all characters after first one
23968: This function calculates the population size after applying coverage to it. It takes in two parameters, 'Pop' and ‘Cover’ which represent
23969: If there are no elements to merge or the last element does not overlap with current one then append it. Otherwise update its end point and add new start
23970: This line of Python script is used to find the first match between given feature, parameter etc. from 'datasets' list based on provided conditions
23971: This function checks the first character of an inputted String. If it's not present, returns that same value as output; otherwise return prefix pre
23972: This line of the script checks if 'res_nam' is either equal to “HH” or equals an element from list ['OH', W
23973: This function checks if the current object has an attribute named "view" of data_type DataTyp, which should be either int or str in our
23974: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23975: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
23976: This Python function checks the remainder of division by one, and returns an integer or float rounded to two decimal places depending on whether it's zero还是
23977: This function returns the values of 'x', and an expression that is calculated as ((2**(y+3))/4)-((6*
23978: This Python function tries to convert the given string into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception that would stop
23979: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find GCD(Greatest Common Divisor). It uses recursion.  The loop continues until
23980: This line of the given Python script removes all non space characters from input string and converts it to lowercase using lambda functions in one single step
23981: If the function does not receive any parameters or key to fetch from it returns "None". Else return value of that specific parameter using its corresponding Key
23982: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns half length. It'll be used to determine how many times we need an extra space in
23983: This function checks the file extension of an URI and returns its corresponding RDF format type, based on whether it ends with ".xm",".nl
23984: This Python script iterates over the keys of 'food' dictionary and subtract values from another food object, which is stored as "otherFood
23985: This function calculates the start and end points of an interval in which to perform sliding window operations. The 'win' size is defined by `window
23986: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
23987: This script is used to filter out the known and unlabeled data from 'Labels' list using dictionary of patterns/patterns that are already
23988: This line of the given Python script is returning 'data' dictionary object which contains information about NEM SPD Case File and its outputs. The key
23989: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both list and
23990: This function checks if the remainder of 'x' divided by three is equal to that obtained from applying modulo operation on another variable, which should be
23991: This Python script splits the string 'hostname_port' into two separate variables - "host" and “Port". It then converts
23992: If the length of nsecString is greater than 9, return first nine characters. Otherwise append zeros to make it equal in size with "
23993: This Python function calculates the geographical midpoint of an area defined by its four corners in terms longitude and latitudinal coordinates using their respective
23994: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters in the string with nothing, effectively removing them from JSON data returned by an API call or similar
23995: This function checks whether the provided string starts with "S3", and raises an error message otherwise; it then splits up into its component parts based
23996: This function is used to adjust the learning rate during training. It decreases it by gamma^epoch, where 'base' refers 0 and increases
23997: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. If their dimensions don't align, it prints an error message and returns ‘None
23998: This line of the script creates an empty string to store individuals who are fully or partly vetted.  It then iterates over all registered users
23999: This function returns the damage vulnerabilites of all monsters in monster data.  It uses join to combine them into one string with commas separ
24000: This function calculates the modular inverse of 'pow' in Python. It takes three arguments and returns one value which is its modulus with respect to
24001: This line of the script is setting two variables, "price_at" and “Price at End Of Day”. These are used to store
24002: This function calculates the minimum number of flipping operations required to make two strings equal. It uses recursion and dynamic programming approach, where it keeps
24003: This Python function checks if the string "line" contains any occurrence of ' raw input'.  It does so by using count() method which returns number
24004: This line of the Python script converts an input string to its corresponding ASCII value. The first character is converted into their respective alphabetical position
24005: This function returns the texCoords of vertex at given number in mesh object" ..., and it's used to get texture coordinates
24006: This function reads the file, skips lines that are either empty (" ") , contain only whitespace characters (\t,\r etc.) ,""
24007: If the HTTP response's 'status码': 返回True，如果状态代号为"HTTP响应的‘Status Code’":
24008: This function takes two parameters x and y, multiplies them by the given 'magnitude' parameter. The result is rounded to nearest integer using
24009: This script checks whether the key 'remtes' is present and returns its value, or prints an error message. If no such server exists it will
24010: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
24011: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations. It's shifting bits to left, and then OR operation with '&'.
24012: This script creates dictionaries where the keys are group names and values represent lists of variable type. If there is any mismatch between different groups, it
24013: If the input is “code” equals to '0' and reply ends with string of characters that are not allowed then it will check whether or
24014: This Python script generates an array of instance path names from the given list 'instance'. It also checks whether each individual's name is equal to '/
24015: This function replaces special characters with underscores. It works by iterating over the string and replacing any character that is either less than, greater
24016: This Python script converts two binary numbers to their decimal equivalents and then adds them together. The result is the total of all bits from both input
24017: This Python script opens the specified configuration file in write mode and writes to it. It then prints out some lines of text that are intended only if certain
24018: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'i' to n, where each number is calculated as per given formula. If condition fails then
24019: This function calculates the cross product of two vectors. The result is positive if they point in opposite directions, zero otherwise and negative when pointing to same
24020: This function checks the type of 'input' variable. If it’s an instance that represents lists then applies pruneReweards to each element
24021: This function checks if all the required keys are present within an object 'data'.  It does so by using Python's builtin set and dictionary
24022: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences 'u' in the sequence with character C, effectively converting it to lowercase and removing any
24023: This function takes two arguments, converts them to Complex numbers and returns their multiplication result.  The input should be in the form of '1
24024: This function returns the tuple of resources used and available in each resource type. The order is cru, sru as per their respective types respectively –
24025: This Python function generates an array of sublists from the input list 'size' and each element is taken as many elements starting at index "len"
24026: Sorts the list of coins and calculates how much money is left after each denomination. It then returns an object with keys as denominations
24027: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24028: A dictionary is created to store the values of 'key' and its corresponding value from another list. The key will be unique, while their respective associated
24029: This function checks whether the given information name is one of 'FQDN', ‘HostName’, or domain. It returns True when
24030: This function checks whether the string s is palindrome or not. If it'is, then return true; otherwise false and end program execution with
24031: This function returns the room name and type as string. The input is expected to be of String dataType, but it's not specified in any
24032: This Python script opens the file 'last_id' and writes its value to it, which is then returned by function lastId().  The return
24033: This function returns the first element of an array.  It's used to get some initial data from your program before it starts processing or analyzing
24034: This is an example of bitwise shift operation in Python. The left and right shifts are equivalent to integer division by 2^x where x=
24035: This function returns the two values in descending order. If 'if' condition is true then it swaps them else not changes anything and finally return
24036: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
24037: This function checks whether the list of data is not empty, and then it transforms each row into dictionary. If there are no such entries return an
24038: This Python script calculates the minimum of two numbers. It initializes both variables to zero and then iteratively updates them with each element from 'cost
24039: This Python function takes an input string, 'p', and checks if it ends with ".bin". If so - removes the '.bin' from its
24040: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24041: This function checks if the given 'key' is present as an element of list. If it exists then returns true else false or return None depending on
24042: This Python function replaces all non-"printable" characters with spaces, except the backspace character ("^?"). It also keeps newline (\
24043: If the length of 'terms' is more than 254 characters it truncates to first two hundred five6 and returns list with tuple containing
24044: This Python script calculates the value of an expression based on input values, which is then returned as output in one line using mathematical operations and variable assignment
24045: This function returns the color based on system's CPU usage, with green when less than or equal to .6 and amber between around halfway
24046: This function calculates the similarity between two numbers using their difference and sum, then squares that result to get an average of differences squared which is used
24047: This Python function returns the input as is, i.e., it's returning an object of type 'dict'. The dictionary contains two keys -
24048: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists v1 and ‘vector’ vector. The function returns an integer which is their
24049: This line of the given Python script splits an object identifier into its constituent components, and then joins them back together with three dots in between to
24050: If the current year is not equal to next one, return True. Else it returns false indicating that there're no more years in list of
24051: This line of the given Python script returns an array with elements at indices 4, then indexed by their original order. The first element is from
24052: Code to check if the module is already loaded and then run pygments command on Python version greater than or equal three with Windows OS; otherwise return
24053: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from array split by "/" at index 3, which in our case would be "package
24054: This function returns the image, history positions and availabilites from one batch of data.  It also takes in other parameters like target position & availability
24055: This Python function calculates the ratio of standard deviation to variance. It returns two values - one is square rooted version and other being reciprocal
24056: The function takes an integer as input and returns the number of digits in that int.  It uses Python's builtin functions to split()
24057: Counts the number of times character "a", followed by characters from “b” to f" are present within string ```'abcdef
24058: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the elements of first that are present only once. The 'set' operation is used to remove duplic
24059: This line of the program returns two variables, type robot and processor. The first variable is returned as string with its data while second one also converted to
24060: If the 'Content Type' is missing, it defaults to UTF 8. Else check whether there exists an encoding parameter and return that one
24061: This Python function converts an input into its corresponding Boolean value in python by using dictionary mapping of strings to their respective booleans values and raises error
24062: This function returns different values of the return statement based on an input variable 'iter'. The first iteration will have returned value as small, then it increases
24063: This function is used to calculate the current animation/scene's time in terms of frames. It takes three parameters; 'mode', which determines
24064: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in 'string' to upper case.  It is used as an example on how one might
24065: This Python function checks the lengths of two strings and returns one string' length as per some condition. If both are empty it will return another specific value
24066: If the record 'None' then return, else create and populate dictionary with data from records.  Counts how many times each key appears to
24067: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
24068: This line of the given Python script is setting 'f' to be equal with 1st element in list. The operator used here "having"
24069: This Python script checks if the system has an installed version of 'name' using "Which" command in Unix/Linux systems and returns true or
24070: This Python script creates two sets from the input lists, then finds and returns their intersection.  The result is another list of neuron IDs that
24071: This Python function takes as input the ids of users and returns all medias that have at least one photo with these specific Users' IDS present
24072: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24073: This function calculates the distance from an object to its center of mass. The formula is based on Einstein's theory, which states that two objects
24074: This Python function calculates the result of an operation using only one line. The input is subtracted from another, then squared and divided by that
24075: This script is used to categorize benchmarking data based on the current branch or other branches. It's part of an ongoing process that involves identifying
24076: If the value of 'b' is zero, it returns one. This function will always be true and never fail in any execution path due to its
24077: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24078: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output value based on input values, which is equivalent to calculating half part from two times temperature
24079: This line of the script splits each word in "text" into an array using space as separator, and assigns it to variable named `
24080: This is an example of the ternary operator in Python. It's used to simplify complex conditional statements by replacing multiple lines with one line,
24081: If the `records` object has no value, it returns its own values. Otherwise attempts at retrieving records from nested lists using given index and
24082: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in functions to find these values efficiently without needing any loops or conditional
24083: This function converts Tricode to its equivalent with the help of dictionary mapping and checks if it exists or not, returning either mapped value from dict
24084: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24085: This Python function multiplies two vectors elementwise. If the dimensions of both input arrays are not same, it raises an error message "The given dimension
24086: This python script converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it contains 'CROP' or not, returning either crop/upscale based
24087: This function checks if the given string can be converted to an int or float. If it's not, then returns 'unknown'.  It also
24088: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24089: This Python function tries to calculate the magnitude of 'object' and returns it, if an exception occurs then return original value ie., "original"
24090: If 'x' is greater than the value of `y`, return that as result. Otherwise - else branch returns another variable or constant depending on
24091: If the coordinates are at one of two corners, return true. Else check other conditions in nested elif statements to see where they fall into based on
24092: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24093: This function takes two parameters, an integer and decimal. It returns the string representation of these numbers concatenated with "." followed by 1 character from
24094: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
24095: If 'not' is used to check whether ‘(0<=val_unitinterval[i])’ and then checking that it lies within
24096: This script finds the most specific type of samples that start with any name from an input string, if no such types exist it returns 'None'. The
24097: This script adds the number zero to an existing list of numbers, which is then returned as output by function 'breakpoint_adder'. If there
24098: This function checks whether the user wants to continue. If they don't want, it returns true; otherwise false or vice versa based on their
24099: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two 4D coordinates. The distances are calculated by taking absolute differences in each dimension and summing them
24100: Sets the configuration of Inveniorestframework to use SageMaker' sftp storage as its default file rest framework backend, with
24101: This script creates two lists of steps that are still relevant after applying the given list to them and those which have been removed from their original application due some
24102: A list comprehension that creates tuples of the form 'n' and '-'. n is an integer from 0 to "game" inclusive
24103: This Python script checks whether the input values are empty. If they're not and validates them before proceeding with further operations; otherwise it raises appropriate
24104: If the metric 'numCluttersPF' is missing, return ‘None’. Otherwise calculate and store Q30 bases based on
24105: This function takes two parameters, num and characters. It returns the string representation of 'num' padded with zeros to reach length equal or greater
24106: Throw an exception when the given '$arg' is empty. If it matches with specific pattern then do something else; otherwise just ignore and continue
24107: This function checks whether the input 'a' and another object/list ('b') are in correct order. If they aren’t it raises an
24108: This Python script is used to split the input string into separate 'sourc'e values, which are then stored as elements of an array called
24109: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of ((input+1)*Input)/(double). It is used to calculate some mathematical operation
24110: This function takes as input an iterable of dictionaries, each containing at least one element with the 'slice' or any other specific keyword. It
24111: This Python script generates and returns the names of all network interfaces cards present on an array named "bmh" which contains information about hardware. It filters
24112: This function checks the file extension of an input string and returns different strings based on its type. It uses conditional statements to check each possible suffix, returning
24113: This Python script generates an alphabetical string by converting ASCII values to characters using the modulo operator and division operation, then reversing it before
24114: This Python function flips the given two dimensional list/array. It does so by first calculating its length, then creating an empty array of that size
24115: This function checks if the input is divisible by seven. It does so using modulo operation and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it'
24116: This function calculates the Learning Rate based on an exponentially decreasing schedule, with initial and final values of 'Learning rate'. The number steps in
24117: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of tuples. The keys are unique values found within each
24118: This Python script generates all possible combinations of two characters from the given lists, and returns them as list type data structure with one line only using loops instead
24119: This Python function splits the input string into its component pieces based on spaces and then returns these as separate variables along with any keyword arguments that were passed
24120: This script calculates the maximum and minimum values of each column from an input matrix 'x'. The result is stored as two separate lists, ```
24121: This Python function generates all possible pairs of two or more elements from the input list, 'list'. If there are 0 to N items it returns
24122: This script generates an amalagmatic C++ file from the tables in given paths, using provided program name as prefix and suffix to generate unique names
24123: This Python script sorts the list of dictionaries by time last. The sorting is done using bubble algorithm which has O() complexity and it's
24124: Calculates the standard deviation of FID scores. 1st and second highest score are used to calculate std dev, as they represent most common values
24125: This Python script calculates the count of elements where first list is not equal to corresponding element from another lists. The function returns that value as result which
24126: This function checks if the input is equal to 'x' and returns false when it finds an exact match. If not, then continues checking with other
24127: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the required information from URL paths in an HTTP request context, specifically looking at topics or subcriptions
24128: This Python script converts an integer into its hexadecimal equivalent. It uses the dictionary 'digit' and performs modulo operation on each
24129: This function returns the string repeated by 'n' times. The result is then returned as an output of type str, which can be used in other
24130: If the input "value", return an empty string (-), otherwise, just output it. – [Your Name] on day/month year format
24131: This Python function takes an input string, removes all spaces from it and then checks whether the resulting strings contains 'K', ‘MB’ or any
24132: If the key 'id' does exist and its associated data type isn’t dictionaries then it returns an empty object. Else raises error stating
24133: This function returns the number '19' in Python. It is not used anywhere else and was added to demonstrate how functions work with variables, if
24134: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'int' type data exists in input and adds 1 to it otherwise returns original values as they are
24135: This Python function checks the value of 'division' and returns an appropriate string based on its content. If it is either “Sen” or special
24136: This Python function increments the integer value of 'int' by one if it is greater than or equal to .6, otherwise returns an unchanged number
24137: This Python script retrieves the 'metrics' dictionary and extracts its values. The extracted data is then used to create an output string that includes
24138: This Python function counts the difference between maximum and minimum values of dictionary 'd'. It returns True if that value is more than 3, False otherwise
24139: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'position'(the job title), and ‘Location’ which is used to filter the jobs based on their
24140: This Python function converts the given number of 'sec' into its equivalent in terms. It handles numbers less than or equal to one minute, and
24141: This Python script calculates the maximum number of hours worked or assigned per project. The result is stored as "maximum working time".  It uses
24142: This function checks if the input is of type 'int' or float'. If it isn’t, then returns false. Otherwise - return true and
24143: This Python function filters out the specified tag from text data, leaving only untagged or non-"specialized/uncommon"/non-(standard)"
24144: This line of the Python script calculates and returns percentage value by dividing positive reviews with all. It's important to note that it assumes '
24145: If the absolute value of slop is less than 0.98, return y interception; otherwise calculate and Return difference between max available distance
24146: This function checks if the first list is smaller than or equal to second. If it's true then return false else check next element of both lists
24147: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with the specified values. The resulting object is returned as output of function 'createSample'.
24148: This Python function takes the name of an image file and returns its extension as lowercase, then checks if it's either '.PNG', or
24149: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24150: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an image based on pixel values. The formula is derived from computer graphics and involves scaling operations to ensure that all
24151: This Python function splits the string 's' into its constituent segments using '.', and then returns one of these if it exists, otherwise returning
24152: This function returns the URL to edit an existing Google Spaces document using its key in documentation formatting, which is used as input parameter of 'f
24153: This Python script checks the type of an object and returns it or some other value based on its properties/types using conditional statements in python language 3
24154: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in version string to their corresponding ASCII values and then convert them back into strings. The result
24155: This Python function checks whether the 'isnull' condition is true. If it finds an empty value in either of two variables ('Source Suffice
24156: This Python script checks whether the given 'file' is in its own directory and returns it as absolute paths to itself otherwise return relative one based on current
24157: This function checks if the length of 'input' is 0 or not, as well whether it contains only digits using Python programming language with one
24158: This Python function splits the string 's' into four parts and converts them to integer values, returning these as tuples in order of
24159: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists 'b' and another list. The result is returned as an integer which represents their scalar multiplication
24160: This Python function joins the runner's names with commas and newlines. The input is expected to be in one line, separated by spaces
24161: If the URLs are identical, return true; otherwise strip trailing slashes and check whether they start with each other in reverse order of their lengths
24162: This program calculates the sum of all possible Pythagorean triplets from three lists and checks if they can form any valid right angled
24163: Checks if two lists are equal. If not it raises an AssertionError with the list pairs p and/or r that do no match in
24164: This function checks the input conditions. If any condition fails it returns false else true after performing some basic error checking on inputs like data types etc.. It
24165: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'fixes' list of dictionaries using "if" condition to check
24166: If the second input isn't provided, return true. Otherwise check each element of first and see whether it exists within that list or not; returns
24167: This Python function reorders the elements of an array to be sorted by their values. It uses Bubble Sort algorithm, but with some modifications that make
24168: This line of the Python function checks if an integer falls within certain range. The lower limit is 14689 and upper limits are either
24169: This function finds the end of an object in JSON format and returns everything after it, if found; otherwise return whole string as not modified or just removed
24170: If the 'code' object has an attribute named `['attribute']`, return its value. Otherwise if it is not present or equals to None
24171: This Python script converts the date string into three separate variables. The first two are integers representing parts of that specific time period such as years and months
24172: This Python function takes an HTTP request's URL as input, splits it into individual parameters using '/', checks each parameter to see if they start
24173: This function returns the list of .DSYMs in given directory, which are symbolic links to directories containing debug information about an application's compiled source
24174: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input table adding each unique element to it as long its been encountered before using 'set
24175: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an array. It first computes and stores its input's average, then it iteratively subtract
24176: If there are no files in the provided list 'P', return an empty array and sort them by their basenames using Python's builtin
24177: This Python function joins the elements of dpid and converts it to an integer in base hexadecimal. The result is then returned as decimal
24178: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'number' variable can be cast to an integer. If it cannot - ie., not all numbers
24179: This Python function calculates the slope of two points and returns it. If 'flip' is True then we return 1/slope otherwise
24180: “Text Unescaping” is the process of converting special characters back into their literal character equivalents, which are used in programming and scripting
24181: Code is used to configure the logging settings in an application. It allows users of your app or library/module, like developers and testers alike
24182: Counts the number of positive instances in both lists.  This is done by filtering out any negative values and then counting how many remain after applying l
24183: This function checks whether the given source temperature is greater than or equal to its sink. If so, it returns True; otherwise False – based on
24184: This function calculates the bins of an interval and returns their centers. The number or intervals is determined by 'num' parameter while widths are calculated
24185: This Python function takes as input the list of integers 'i' and returns another integer. The first line creates an initial empty dictionary, then it iter
24186: This line of Python script converts the current system's up/down timer to millisecond format and returns it as string with leading zeros removed
24187: If vectors are not equal, raise an error. Otherwise return their summed elements as new list using Python's List Comprehension feature
24188: This line of the script is checking if an extension in "url['href']". If it's .MP4, returns True. Else
24189: This line of the given Python script checks if an input string is empty or not. If it's nonempty, then returns ':x:' otherwise
24190: If the list of item is empty, return an blank string; otherwise it will append to ret only those elements that have different function from input parameter '
24191: "A function that returns an empty string if no documentation exists."  # Add your own commentary here to improve it with more details about what
24192: This line of Python script returns the last part from 'ca' string after splitting it by '/'.  It is used to get file name in case
24193: This python script calculates the sum of all numbers from 3 to 'el' which are multiples or divisors. The variable "m
24194: Prints the decoded version of inputted 'STRING' in Python.  The function is used to reverse and convert an encoded message back into its
24195: This function returns the column number associated with each key in 'col' dictionary based on its value or default to return index of nine if it doesn’
24196: This program calculates the power of two using an infinite loop. The variable 'i' is set to be equal with another number, and then it
24197: This Python script converts the version of python and numeral to string format. It then creates an executable file name using these two variables in specific pattern
24198: This function calculates the sum of two numbers raised to an exponent. The result is then returned by reference in 'return' statement and printed on console
24199: This function replaces all non ASCII characters with underscores. It does not handle Unicode or any other special character as it is assumed that
24200: This line of the Python script checks if two last characters in 'file_path' are both '.', which is equivalent to checking whether it ends with
24201: If 'args' or configuration value exists, return it. Otherwise use the provided fallback ('default').  [...]">}}</code
24202: This Python script generates differences between two dictionaries of items based on their IDs and values using the 'new' dictionary as reference data while ignoring
24203: This Python script generates an empty buffer with the specified timescales. The `time scale is set to 1 and units are seconds by default but
24204: This Python function reverses the order of elements within an input list by using modulo operation and integer division to reverse each element's position relative its
24205: Code returns true if all three conditions are met, i.e., the result of AND operation is equal to output and it's not inconsistent
24206: Removes the string 'PYTHON ENHANCEMENT PROPOSALS!' and replaces all occurrences of PEP with just
24207: This function splits the input string into two parts based on comma and handles cases where there is no comman in place of space or vice versa
24208: This function calculates the red channel of an image by multiplying its blue and green channels with some factor, which is determined based on their medians
24209: This Python function checks the value of 'day' and returns an appropriate string based on its content, replacing any instances where there is one instance in X
24210: This line of the given Python script creates an object called 'exclusive' that contains two properties, one is named as ingest job hash and another
24211: This Python function converts the input 'year' to an integer, and if it is greater than or equal too nine hundred ninety九 then
24212: This function returns the list of items that are less than 'quantity' from each group.  It uses Python List Comprehension to achieve
24213: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
24214: This function calculates the threshold value to be used in an image processing algorithm that uses a Gaussian blur filter with standard deviation 'n' frames and returns
24215: Creates dictionary with keys and values from two lists using the 'zip' function to match up elements of both list simultaneously."   [END]
24216: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on "-" and assigns them to different variables, then prints out these values in one single
24217: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers in an Fibonacci sequence that are also odd. It starts with two initial values and
24218: This Python function calculates the center of an object in two dimensions. The input is four numbers representing coordinates and sizes/dimensions respectively to formulate
24219: A dictionary is created to store information about cars with keys as "Car Manufacturer" and “Type” respectively values are assigned from the variables '
24220: This Python function takes an integer t in the range of [1;8749] and returns its equivalent time as string format. The input
24221: If the given 'distance' is zero, it returns one. Otherwise - return reciprocal of that value to mimic inverse effect on distances in
24222: This Python function replaces newline characters, carriage returns and commas with spaces in the input string 'text'. It also removes leading/trailing
24223: Checks if the given string contains any occurrence of an element in its case insensitive manner. 1 means it does, and zero otherwise..
24224: This function calculates the Weighted Investing Factor based on given parameters. The factor is calculated as weighted sum of Equity Share and Interest with
24225: This Python function converts all keys of the input dictionary to uppercase and returns it as another dictonary with same values but new key names are
24226: This Python script calculates the scale factor based on different parameters from an image file headers, which are usually present at top of JPEG files or
24227: This Python function scales the input coordinates by two constants to make them fit within an aspect ratio of 368 pixels per inch and returns scaled values
24228: If the name variable in input data set of function "get_data" does not exist, it returns an empty string.  Otherwise -> Returns
24229: Sorts the list of snippets by their aspect ratio, then returns one that matches 4 to infinity. If no such thing exists it will
24230: This function returns the smallest value between 'low' and max of two values. It also ensures that any returned number is within range [high] or
24231: This function checks whether the given number is positive or negative. If it's 0, then return "Zero". Otherwise check which one of them
24232: This function takes in the string 'name' and returns an abbreviated version of it, if possible; otherwise return original input as is."  [
24233: This Python script creates an array of sublists from the given list 'p' by taking every element starting at index ‘n’ and ending after
24234: This Python function checks whether the input is valid, ie., it contains only A/T/, C and G characters; then converts to upper
24235: If the variable or parameter is found, return it. Otherwise returns 'None'.  This function checks whether an inputted name exists within either of two
24236: This Python script creates an object called 'levels' that maps error codes to severity level information and then uses the get() method of dictionary objects
24237: Code checks whether two lists have the exact equal number of elements and then compares each pair. If they are not identical, it raises an error;
24238: This function checks if the first or last character of 'response' is '.', then returns its content without these characters, else it just return original string
24239: Code returns the result of applying function 'f' to arguments x and y.  The two inputs are passed as parameters in order; if any argument
24240: This Python script opens the file specified by 'fname' in write mode and writes data to it using join function on fields list followed immediately after that
24241: Checks if the input string is in correct format of "name_of_:_" and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition, otherwise it
24242: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24243: This Python function calculates the maximum X and Y coordinates of all walls in an array. The result is returned as tuple with two elements - Width
24244: This Python script implements the Euclidean algorithm to find GCD of two numbers. The while loop continues until 'R' is not zero ie.,
24245: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output based on two input parameters, "x" &amp;#40;"y
24246: This function returns an integer based on the comparison of two numbers. If 'n1' is less than "then" number, it will return '-
24247: “Checks whether or not .PerUn repository exists”. If it does, returns 'Integrated'; otherwise return missing'."""
24248: Code returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The first parameter is multiplied by 3, then it's divided and subtracted from its
24249: This function returns the time of all non-"Background"/"-Baseline".  It does so by iterating over each 'Layer' object within an
24250: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can pick up 'x' items from an infinite supply box with capacity limit. The problem is
24251: This function returns the URL to view bug on BugZillas system using its ID as input parameter, which is used in Mozila's
24252: This line of the given Python script is checking whether an input 'key' matches with one or more specific strings, and then returning corresponding file paths based
24253: This line of the Python script converts ASCII value to its corresponding Phread+/Q score. The conversion is done by subtracting '3
24254: This Python function calculates the sum of elements at specified indices. The number and type are not defined, but it sums up all values from 1
24255: This function checks that the number of detected objects matches with their corresponding labels. If not it raises an error and returns both lists in dictionary format as output
24256: ", "")  # Remove the 'summary:' from MarkDown file, if it exists; else keep as is  ```python Code to be written
24257: This Python function checks if two elements are equal in terms of their sequence. If they're both 'a', it returns 3, because the
24258: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then checks if it'is either 'True',
24259: This function calculates the value of an oscillator with two parameters, amplitude and peak frequency in Hz respectively using linear interpolation between given points to estimate its
24260: This Python script checks if the input character is part of any given set or list. If it's found, then returns true; otherwise false and
24261: This function returns the values of x and variables 'y' &amp;z&lt;&#34w.  The order is not important
24262: This function converts the input file sizes in bytes to human readable format. It checks each condition from largest unit downwards and returns its corresponding value
24263: This Python function calculates the sum of squares and half it's value. The result is then returned as 'total number'. It uses bitwise
24264: Returns an object with the server's id and name.  This is done by extracting "inst" data from another dictionary called 'data'.
24265: This Python function checks whether the given value is 'True' or not. If it returns true, then return 1 else false and vice versa
24266: This Python function calculates the number of filters in an image. The input parameters are multiplied by 'width' and then rounded to nearest integer value
24267: This function calculates the total number of tiles in an area. It takes two parameters, 'site' and ‘loc’ which represent dimensions or
24268: A class named QueryOPaginated is created. If paginate option enabled, the name of query object will be appended as ' P'.
24269: This script replaces the prefixes of 'grobiD ID' with new ones if they start as part or are at beginning, and also handles
24270: This Python function calculates the product of all elements except one, given an array 'coord'. The last element is added to get final result.
24271: If either of the texts is empty return zero. Otherwise compare first characters and continue with remaining parts until no common character found in both strings; at that
24272: This Python function checks the values of two variables, 'a' &amp; "b", to determine their relationship. If both are zero it returns
24273: This function calculates the ratio of two values, U and lam. The first value is added to an initial constant 'x', while second one
24274: This Python script calculates the difference between each point's experimental and calculated value by iterating over all data entries of 'point'. It then div
24275: This Python function checks if the input integer 'number' can be expressed as sum of three FIBONACCI numbers. If it could, then
24276: This Python script copies the list of items and appends each one twice to create an equivalent structure with duplicated elements by using 'deep copy' function
24277: Check if sections are present and their addresses match the expected values. If any of these conditions fail return appropriate error messages; otherwise continue with processing as normal
24278: This line of the Python script generates and returns an array with all values from 'a' that are not present as keys on dictionary "b". The
24279: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24280: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from list 'code' split by '-'. The third item in that string array will be returned
24281: This Python function returns the list of filters based on 'Filter Type' input. It checks whether it is Sequence Alignment Point Mutation ("SN
24282: This function takes an integer as input, checks if it falls within the given ranges of 'age' variable. If yes then returns corresponding label from list
24283: This Python script checks whether the string ```str``` contains either an empty value, starts with "-" character only when it has one letter then spl
24284: This Python function returns the result of matrix multiplication. It uses list comprehension to perform elementwise multiplications and summation, resulting an efficient way towards
24285: This function calculates the catchment area ratio between two species. The result is then used to calculate an index of habitat suitability, which can be
24286: This line of Python script converts the name and lowercases it, then splits by ".", returning only second part which is assumed to be an
24287: This function calculates the RGB color values based on specific wavelengths of light, using an equation derived from astronomical observations and data analysis in physics
24288: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer, but if it fails due either of two reasons - firstly because n is not numeric
24289: This function returns the city and country in string format.  Code is used to create an address object with given parameters, which are then returned as one
24290: This function calculates the mean squared error between labels and predicted values. It's used to evaluate how well our model is performing by comparing it
24291: A function that generates an array of all primes up to 'N'. The first two elements are set as not being primes. Then it iter
24292: If the variable 'None' exists, set it to 17. Otherwise return "<file> : <linenumber> <variable_Name
24293: If the last character in ```python`s string is not equal to semicolon, append it. Otherwise do nothing and return original str as
24294: This Python function takes an object and its attributes as input parameters; it returns the same dictionary but with only those attribute/values that are present on '
24295: This Python script is used to filter the object path list based on certain conditions which are defined by 'if...eles'. The output of these filters
24296: This script calculates the step size to be used when splitting an id space into chunks of equal or nearly equally sized pieces based on number workers and
24297: This function checks if there is at least one element of the first list that matches an item from another. It does so by iterating over each value
24298: This function returns the length of input list `Q` and then joins all elements within it with spaces. The result is returned as string formatting by
24299: This Python script creates and returns an ASCII string from the given number. The input is converted to its corresponding Unicode character representation using dictionary mapping of
24300: This Python function checks the third row of an array 'action' to see whether all elements are zero. If they aren’t, it returns one
24301: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "doc number" with an underscore (_).  It's used to
24302: This function checks whether the given object `a` has three elements. If it does not have – returns "no" else return an element of
24303: This function calculates the angular velocity of an object with respect to its rotation, given two angles and their corresponding rotations in radians or seconds respectively
24304: This Python script converts Roman numerals to integers. It uses the dictionary mapping of each symbol and its corresponding value from I upto M which is
24305: This line of the given Python function is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves multiplying 'dilation' by ('kernel size minus one
24306: A function that converts each unique string from the given list to its corresponding index. The resulting dictionary is used as an efficient mapping between strings and their
24307: This Python script checks if the given 'channel' is one of four predefined channels ('stable', ‘Candidates’, or `
24308: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24309: This Python script maps the fields from different sources to standardized names using dictionary mapping, and then deletes all other keys present within document before returning it
24310: This line of the given Python script converts string representation to floating point number. The input is assumed as '<float>' and it returns an
24311: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24312: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual letters and returns the first character of each word as joined together without spaces between them using
24313: This Python function takes two ranges as input and performs an interpolation between the values in these range. The first value of each pair is subtracted from
24314: if the input 'color' is red, return text in green. If not then it will just print out whatever was passed to function as default
24315: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was reversed. However, instead of using builtin functions like reverse(), we
24316: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space. The coordinates of each pair are taken from different lists, and
24317: This line of the given Python script returns an object that maps each second element in 'extracted lemmas' to its first occurrence.  It
24318: This script takes two arguments and creates an empty dictionary if the first argument is .PY file; otherwise it breaks down input into tuples of characters
24319: This function checks if the name of an object is present among some predefined names. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or
24320: This line of the given Python function subtracts 'w' from variable `v` and returns result.  It is used to calculate difference between
24321: This Python script calculates the sum of two, three or four numbers. It starts by initializing 'first' and/or other variables to
24322: This function takes in four parameters and returns the values of three variables. The first two are calculated from input 'keypoint' using slicing operation
24323: If the player's guess is not equal to total, return that value. Otherwise it returns zero as default result in case of an error or exception
24324: This Python function calculates the ratio of maximum to minimum X coordinate in an image. The result is then used as part or input into another calculation,
24325: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in clockwise order. The first two are at origin and then each corner is offset by its respective coordinate value
24326: This Python script uses regular expressions to find and replace text in files. It's useful when you need complex pattern matching or replacement operations on large amounts
24327: This is the formula used to calculate surface roughness length in an inclined plane waveguide system, given its index of refraction and distance from source(
24328: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between each point and origin. The result is then returned as an array of distances from one to all other
24329: Code returns True if 'x' is an element of the list/set "y". If not, it will raise and catch any exception that might
24330: This Python function takes as input an iterable and returns the same output, but instead of creating new lists it creates one list to store all elements from
24331: If x is less than ten, it returns four times the value of '*' operator. Otherwise - no output or error message will be shown in
24332: This line of the program converts all characters in 'sentence' to lowercase and splits it into individual word(s). The result is
24333: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24334: This function returns the inverse of each color component in an RGB image. It subtracts one from all three components to create their negative counterparts,
24335: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24336: This Python script multiplies each element of the given matrix by 2 and returns it as another copy, but modifies original one without creating new copies
24337: This function takes two parameters, an array of integers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any position
24338: This function is used to scale the given value between two other values. If 'value' exceeds maximum limit, it will be set as max_limit
24339: This function converts snakes case to camels. It iterates over the input string, checking each character and performing an action based on whether it
24340: If the string is not empty then append it to 'scripts' path and save. Else do nothing or an error message will be returned as default
24341: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24342: This function normalizes the coordinates of an image. It takes as input two points, which define part or whole area in 3D space to be
24343: This function splits the given string into two parts based on its extension if it has only one dot, or returns an empty strings otherwise depending upon whether
24344: This function returns the departure, arrival city and date of flight from an array.  The number results returned is also provided in another element to provide more
24345: This Python function takes in an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace from it using the strip() method then replaces all spaces with no
24346: This script connects to the specified API and returns its response headers as JSON format using Python's requests library." (END OF SUMMARY).
24347: This Python script filters out any `None` values from the list of account numbers. If no such value exists, it returns 'No accounts found'.
24348: This function checks whether two nodes in the dataset are connected by an edge. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that
24349: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in 3D space using trigonometric functions. The rotation is done around an arbitrary axis defined
24350: This Python script cleans the input string by removing semicolons, opening and closing parentheses from both ends of it then converts all characters to
24351: This Python function calculates the values of 's', and two other parameters based on given inputs. The first parameter is calculated as square root or power
24352: If the first part of 'Chromosome' starts with “CHR”, return it as is; otherwise append an additional string to
24353: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24354: This Python function checks if the card number is valid. It sums up all digtis at odd positions and then multiplies it by two to every second
24355: If the current logged on account is authentic, return their id; otherwise do nothing or false depending upon whether they are an owner of any deposit records from
24356: This function checks whether the input is an operator or not. If it's '+', '-','/'/'-': return True, else -
24357: This Python function calculates the binary number represented by an array of bits. The calculation is done from right to left and each digit multiplied with its
24358: This Python function checks whether the given string is one of two specific strings, encoded as base64 data URL formatting and returns true or false accordingly
24359: If the key 'doc' or any of its subkeys is missing, it returns that document. Otherwise - checks whether there are keys named as specified
24360: A dictionary is created to store the gizzled objects. The function renders all possible combinations of two elements from an iterable and adds them into
24361: This function is used to set the context of authentication. The current implementation only supports one level deep, but can be easily extended with more levels if needed
24362: This line of the given Python script checks if 'pick' is evenly divisible by two. If it does, then returns True; otherwise
24363: This Python script creates two dictionaries and copies the second dictionary's items into first one while preserving keys from both original ones to new created ones
24364: This function normalizes the given list of numbers by dividing each number with its maximum value. The result is returned as another normalized version, where all
24365: If the values of variables 'v' are within certain ranges, return true. Otherwise false is returned based on conditions in nested conditionals and returns from
24366: This function converts the input 'number' to its equivalent in bytes using Python dictionary mapping and string method upper(). The conversion is done based on unit
24367: This function checks if the minimum values of two dimensions are less than their maximum. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that they
24368: Checks if the given dictionary has all necessary keys.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending on what's
24369: This function checks if the current cell is within bounds of an array, excluding corners. If it're in bound then returns true else false;
24370: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24371: Code returns the list of vertex coordinates and bounding box dimensions. (Note that it assumes all points are inside or on one edge.)
24372: This Python function takes the input string 'name' and converts it to Title Case, where each word is capitalized except possibly first one which remains
24373: This Python function counts the number of slashes in an input string. It initializes counter to 0, then iterates over each character until it
24374: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The result is returned as an output from Python's builtin 'return'.  It takes in
24375: If the first number in 'tile' is divisible by eight, assign value of second to variable "k". Otherwise if it’s one
24376: This Python script finds the longest matching images from an input list of strings, and returns that string as output along with its length which is also returned by
24377: This function returns the number of digits in an inputted integer or float.  It's simple and straightforward, but it does not take into
24378: This Python function checks whether the input string is "binary" or contains any character other than ‘.’, and raises an error message otherwise it
24379: This Python script performs color conversion from HSL to RGB. The hsl values are normalized and then converted into rgb using the formula provided in your
24380: This Python function takes in the dimensions of an image as input and returns them. If they are not two elements long or if their type is incorrect it
24381: This line of the provided Python script retrieves 'subaction' from an object called `prov`, if it doesn’t exist then returns
24382: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24383: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the counts of each pair from 'total pairs'. The reverse function is not used here as revers
24384: This line of Python script returns the string stripped and split into an array by null character (\u0000).  It's used
24385: This Python script is used to extract the "value"-field from each dictionary within 'resource records' and store them into an output list named `OUT
24386: This Python function calculates the distance between two points using Euclidean Distance formula and returns it as output." (Note that you can use
24387: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of dividing it by three rounded down. The minus two is then returned to remove any negative
24388: This line of the Python script checks whether 'n' is equal to one among several values. If it does, then returns value `one`;
24389: This Python function takes two sets of cities as input, removes duplicates from each and then calcula...  10 points [4/6]
24390: This function returns the list of factors and their multiplicity when given an integer as input; it also handles special cases like whether or not to return empty
24391: This function converts input values of any type that can be converted from string representation as either true or false and returns the corresponding Python Boolean object; otherwise
24392: This Python function generates two lists of equal length with the first half being filled by “ones” and second is made up entirely from zeros which
24393: This Python script splits the input string into two parts based on whether it contains "else" or "/". If there is no such part, then
24394: This Python function checks the value of 'bas' and performs different actions based on its values in an integer representation with certain conditions met at each case statement
24395: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the "utteranc" -> 'eidvidences' mapping from given list
24396: This function returns True if the expression 'exp' is greater than or equal to 0, otherwise it will be False. It checks whether an input
24397: Returns the first 'n' validator addresses and their corresponding private keys.  This is useful in creating test networks or simulating transactions on these nodes
24398: This function takes in the MAC address as an input and returns it with ".conf" appended to its end. The uppercased version of that
24399: This Python function takes in an URL and attribute name as input parameters; it then creates the dictionary with that specific attributes of given Url if not already
24400: This Python function calculates the Fiboancci sequence. It raises an error when 'k' is less than zero, and returns Z
24401: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two given conditions, and if these are met it returns that result else return zero in case
24402: This Python function converts dictionary items to string format where keys are replaced with underscores and special characters like "None" have been removed from the
24403: This Python script splits the input string into separate blocks separated by two newline characters ("\\r?\\n"). It then returns each block starting
24404: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24405: This Python function takes in the string "location" and returns its first part before ':' if it exists, else return original value of that variable as
24406: This Python function calculates the number of units that can be placed in two equal parts with given parameters. The first part is always full and has size
24407: This Python function iterates over the dictionary and returns first key that matches with given value if it exists else return 'None'.  It uses items()
24408: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'is_int' ('if not hasattr') or an integer. If it does then returns that
24409: This function takes two parameters - category and 'type'. It returns the concatenation of these ‘_’ separated strings. For example if you call
24410: This function takes in two parameters, video id and timestamp. It returns the concatenation of these values with commas separating them into one line string
24411: This function converts the input value to string.  It's used in various places where we need strings as output, like logging or error messages
24412: This Python function calculates the frequency of an octave in music by using mathematical formulae derived from musical theory, specifically based on pitches and scales
24413: If all three inputs are zero, return the result of division by third input; else raise an error stating that cannot compute surface area with given values in
24414: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by second element, then returns another line from each tuple based on that sorting order as new lines
24415: This function takes in the string "name" and replaces all underscores with spaces, returning it as output – ie., converts
24416: This line of the program calculates and returns an angular difference between two angles. The result is normalized to be in [−π, +π]
24417: If the first element of 'anno' and its previous version are not equal, it returns False. Otherwise - True – indicates that there is
24418: This function checks the value of 'flag' and returns either an uppercase letter or lower case string based on its sign, otherwise it will return nothing
24419: This function checks if the current state of 'next' and our initial condition is equal. If they are not, it returns true; otherwise false or
24420: This Python script converts the input list of strings into an output dictionary where each string is mapped to its corresponding integer value from 'no data' =
24421: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' with two attributes, name and age. The method set_name() sets
24422: This Python function calculates the time difference between two timestamps in terms of total number and individual components. The result is returned as string with format
24423: This Python script is used to identify the specific category of an inputted DWI or T1W images based on their filenames using regular expressions
24424: This function calculates the value of an equation y = f(x). The given expression is represented as 'y = 1.67 * pow
24425: This Python function returns the sorted, unique characters of an input string.  It uses set to remove duplicates and then sorts them alphabetically using
24426: This function returns the string corresponding to different ranges of 'tenures' based on their values. 0 is considered less, while any number greater represents
24427: A configuration file that defines the TrackSelection of RecurrentObjects in CMS using TrackingTools/Pattern – PatternBasedToolPlugins
24428: This Python function calculates the ratio of EBIT to its difference from previous year's Interest. It is used in financial analysis and risk management,
24429: Code calculates the sum of all elements present within two dictionaries and compares them to find any discrepancies between their lengths or missing states/
24430: This Python function returns the substring of each word from index 0 to n, where 'n' is one less than its length. It does
24431: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'mayb'e num', which could be an integer or string, can safely convert to and return as
24432: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24433: This script generates two lists. The first list is an array of 'bar' values with the size specified by `bars_pixel` and each
24434: This Python script generates an SQL query string based on the input parameters. The output is in one line format with "LIMIT".  It takes two
24435: This line of the program is changing both variables. The value in 'denominators' variable changes and also it multiplies with '-'. If condition
24436: This function takes as input an array of bits, and returns the integer equivalent to that binary representation. The length is determined by 'len_(bitvec
24437: "A simple, empty place holder."  # Replace with your own description or statement about the purpose/functionality if needed."""  	# Add
24438: This Python script calculates the modular multiplicative inverse of an integer. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find out whether it has any remainder
24439: This Python function converts an input number to its binary representation. It does so by using the modulo operator and shifting operation on each iteration of loop
24440: This Python script calculates the average of each element in 'p' and returns them as tuples. The lambda function is used to divide
24441: If the input or output of 'Stream' object are opened in terminal/console then it returns True else return false – based on whether they have
24442: This Python function calculates the values of 'n' and returns them along with their length difference. The loop iteratively updates two variables to calculate new
24443: This line of the function adds parameters to an existing dictionary. If no additional arguments are given, it will create and return new empty dict as default value
24444: This function returns zero when the input is less than threshold one, and it's linear interpolation between two thresholds otherwise with an additional factor
24445: This Python function takes as input the list of irregular verbs and returns their root form. It does so by iterating over each word, checking if it
24446: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
24447: This Python script attempts to run the command "<command>" using `try` and then catches any errors that might occur when running it with
24448: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24449: This function subtracts half of the input 'value' from one and returns it, effectively flipping its sign in Python programming language using bitwise
24450: This Python function orders numbers from an input list by their frequency of appearance, but only keeps the most frequent ones that are less than or equal to '
24451: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average difference between two quartiles. The first quarterile is taken as "a" while
24452: This Python script checks whether the input string is an email address and returns True or False accordingly based on that check using regular expressions in python programming language
24453: If the input 'paddiing shape' is empty, return padding token. Otherwise generate nested padded sequences by repeating each dimension of given sequence
24454: This Python function validates the input parameters of an RGBA color. It checks if each parameter falls within its respective range [(minimum), maximum]
24455: This script retrieves the list of available DB cluster and DBSnapShot identifiers along with their creation time. If it's an
24456: This python function counts the number of times it takes to subtract 'delta' from total until there is no more difference. It then returns that count
24457: This Python function takes as input the list of strings 'comments', which are assumed to be comment lines from source file or log files; it separates
24458: This Python function sorts the keys of an input dictionary and removes duplicates from it while maintaining their order using sets to track which elements have been processed already
24459: This Python function calculates the Term Frequency of each word in given sentences. It does so by counting occurrences and dividing it with total
24460: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with formulae provided by Meta
24461: This function calculates the slope of line between two points. The formula is derived from standard geometry, where it represents how much one point moves in relation
24462: If the variable 'dt' is not defined, it returns an empty string.  This means that there are no data to process in such case and
24463: This function returns the appropriate value based on an input string. It uses conditional statements to check different conditions and return corresponding values when they are met, otherwise
24464: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs by taking one step, two steps or three staips at each time. The base cases
24465: This Python script creates two lists by comparing the elements of 'list' and removes any common ones. If there are still unmatched items left after
24466: This Python script converts the dictionary "dict()" into another one, adding an additional key/value pair to it. The value of that new added
24467: This Python function calculates the RA and Dec of an object given its distance from Earth in kilometers using astropy's SkyCoord class
24468: This Python function converts seconds into hours minutes and second format. It takes the total number of secounds as input parameter 'seconds' which is then
24469: This Python script checks whether the input `str` can convert to boolean value and returns it in lowercase form; otherwise raises error message with specific format
24470: This script is used to find the first occurrence of 'source' within each "metric". If found, it returns that value. Otherwise return none if
24471: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24472: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such ones, it will only consider first 10 characters to
24473: Returns the first element of 'reconstructured' list if it exists, else returns None.  This is done to ensure that all features are present
24474: Checks the size of both 'slates' and items in an array. If they are all within acceptable ranges, it returns True; otherwise False
24475: If the input 'transcrip't variable does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise convert to uppercase and replace special characters with nothing
24476: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the indices of True values from 'occusion bool' List using looping mechanism,
24477: This python script creates an empty list, then counts the number of each type/value present within 'hand' and stores it into dictionary format with key
24478: This function scales the given value between two other values. It takes as input an initial minimum, maximum and scale min/scale max pair of numbers along
24479: This function returns the index of an element in 3D array. It takes two parameters - dimension length 'n' divided by number divisor "
24480: This line of the given Python script is responsible to divide two variables by 2. If either variable has nonzero value, it will be divided;
24481: This function takes two lists as input and returns the difference between corresponding elements of these list. The result is another single number which represents one element in output
24482: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24483: This line of the script is used to specify that it should use 'json' as its configuration file. The path specified in "${JSON}"
24484: This function checks if the input variable v belongs to type 'bool' in Python. It returns True or False based on whether it does belong as per
24485: Code checks if two strings are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True  [10 points]   Points available
24486: Code to send an Email using Python. (Note that the actual implementation may vary depending on your specific requirements and environment.)  ```python`
24487: This function returns the specified number of values within an interval. The step size is also defined by 'length'. ... [truncated]
24488: This function takes an argument list and returns the arguments joined by '||' in one line.  It is similar to Python’s builtin `
24489: Returns the adjacency list of node u in DFS data.  This is used to get all connected nodes that are reachable from current vertex
24490: This function calculates the model size and warm up steps inversely proportional to each other based on their minimum values of square root difference between them respectively which
24491: This Python script opens the file predict and writes data from variable 'dictionary' to it in one line using print function without any additional characters or new
24492: This Python script reads data from the file and converts it into dictionary format using list comprehension with zip function to match keys of ATOMS table
24493: If the value of 'val' variable in Python, return an empty string. Else it returns its original content as output from function or method "
24494: This function takes two parameters. The first parameter can either by integer value of type `int` OR the second one as array containing integers values that
24495: This program calculates the total energy of an atom given its atomic number and mass, then converts it to nanocoulloms using some conversion
24496: This Python script calculates the total amount of an asset after its growth over time, taking into account potential profits and losses in each period as well it
24497: This function returns the percentage of characters in 'name' that are uppercase letters. (code ends here).  ```python ``` python
24498: This function checks whether the first “begin_” string is present in file name. If it isn’t, then return false; otherwise true
24499: This Python function checks whether the input 'n' has an integer or list of integers. If it does have one element in its length then that value
24500: This function converts byte size to its equivalent in terms of TB or GB. It uses the concept that 0 Bytes is considered as 'Byte
24501: If the length of 'notes' is not 0, raise an error with message. Otherwise return string formatted as notes header and stripped version from
24502: If any list is of different lengths, raise an error.  Otherwise continue with processing...   Code explanation and usage example -> "if" statement
24503: This function finds the first occurrence of '==' in an input string and returns everything before it. If no such character is found, then return whole
24504: If both strings are empty, returns True. Else compare the lengths of two input string and then check whether they have same characters or not by comparing
24505: This function returns the minimum of one and maximum between zero or input value multiplied by its square root divided with three minus two times it's self
24506: If the file "/pro/[PID]/.cmeline", exists, return its content; otherwise empty string is returned and command line of process
24507: This Python function returns the result of dividing 'X' by its reciprocal, but only when X is not zero else it simply return Z
24508: This Python function normalizes the input list of numbers by subtracting its minimum and dividing it with maximum difference, thus making all values between ‘
24509: This function returns the negative of an inputted value, but only when that same number is less than –−—. If not (-> else
24510: If the state of an AWS CodePipelines is 'Failed', it will return with text indicating that. Otherwise - returns success message and relevant information
24511: This function calculates the Stirlin's numbers. The base cases are when 'k', or number of objects to choose from set is zero
24512: This script generates the list of 'glypheNames' from an input dictionary.  It uses Python to iteratively access each key/value pair
24513: This function raises an error when the input string or/and "character" are not provided. It then returns all indices where that specific 'char'
24514: Code generates an object with the given parameters. The 'code' is set to run task and has its arguments as specified in template section of JSON file
24515: This function returns the start and end offsets of an element in string format.  The output is "<StartOffset>-"+str("End
24516: This line of Python function converts all lowercase characters in the string to upper case letters using builtin method "str".lower().  It'
24517: If the key 'selected' is present in dictionary, assign it to selectedKey else set as an empty string or X respectively based on whether there exists
24518: This Python script calculates the intersection area between two boxes. The coordinates of each rectangle are given as input parameters to function 'boxes_intersection
24519: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24520: This Python script splits each line of the input string into key and value pairs, then stores them as dictionary entries with keys being unique identifiers from
24521: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the items from another given dict 'm'. The resulting dictionaries are then returned as is
24522: This function takes two lists of names, converts the first character to an Uppercase and concatenates them. It then returns these characters as one line
24523: If there are no inputted filenames, it returns the string 'No Files'. Otherwise when only one filename is given or more than 9
24524: Parses an XML file and returns the "UniqueId" attribute of its main element, if it exists; otherwise return 'None'. If
24525: This Python script prints "Hello World!" and then multiplies two arguments. The result is returned by the function as output of that line only, which
24526: This Python script splits the input string into RGB values and converts them to integers, then returns these as list of ints – one per
24527: If the value is equal to or greater than both of its two extremes return an amount between zero and ten hundred percent; otherwise calculate as per usual
24528: If the string 'dic' is found, return its value. Else it returns "None".  This function will be used to get values from
24529: This Python function checks whether the input parameter 'sring', which should be of type str, equals to null. If it does not equal NULL or
24530: This function checks whether the string is in all upper case letters. If it's, then returns True; otherwise False will be returned as per requirement
24531: This line of Python script returns the value from database dictionary.  The key is 'key' and it will be used to access that specific piece in
24532: This line of Python script returns the list as string with each element separated by comma and space.  It'll be used to print out all members
24533: This function checks whether the file has been modified since it was specified. If no modification time given then returns true; otherwise compares with provided uncond
24534: This line of the program is calculating two vectors, 'State' and ‘Next State’. The first vector represents our current position in space while
24535: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the minimum to maximum with increments equal by 'Delta'. The first number is always "Min" and
24536: This function checks if the given number is within specified boundaries. It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it's in between these two values inclusive
24537: This Python function calculates the surface of an object given its volume and length, width. The formula used is Area=Q/((ULMTR
24538: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'rating' list. The keys of each entry are tuples containing
24539: This Python dictionary is used to map digits from the decimal system onto their corresponding binary values on an LCD display. The keys are integers and correspond with
24540: This Python function checks whether the variable 'var' is equal to false. If it isn’t, then returns true; otherwise return flase
24541: This Python function takes an RNA sequence as input and returns its reverse transcribed version. The mapping from the original nucleotides to their complements
24542: Implemented replacement dictionary to replace common punctuation with appropriate character and removed non alphanumeric characters from the input string using regular expression module '
24543: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24544: This function tries to execute the _grapg_hsh() method, if it fails then returns.  The exception handling is used in case
24545: This function finds the index of closest number to 'v' from list l. The difference between each element and value is calculated using absolute values which makes
24546: This Python script splits the input 'domains' into individual subparts, reverses each part and then sorts them alphabetically using list comprehens
24547: This function returns the rating based on an input value. It checks each condition in order and assigns it to return string when true is met, otherwise
24548: This Python script calculates the maximum x and y coordinates of all given walls. It iteratively checks each pair's second element to find out
24549: This Python script creates two lists 'left' ('LTR') & ‘right to left’('RTL'), then it compares the maximum
24550: A dictionary that maps months to their corresponding day of the week.	Type/Value Explanation – Dictionary Key - String representing Month Name Value
24551: This line of the script calculates and returns temperature in Torricelli units, which is equivalent to Temperature Units used by thermodynamics software like
24552: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an absolute difference between two values, 'y' &amp; '#39;/#4
24553: This Python script checks the type of an input and returns it. If its integer or negative number then return “Exit Code” else shift right by
24554: This function takes an integer as input and generates the subdirectory part of path. The length determines what to include in that directory structure - 3 dig
24555: This function checks if the string contains only digits and/or decimal points, returning True when it does otherwise False – Python solution using list comprehens
24556: This line of Python script is creating and returning an array that contains only the first element from each dictionary within 'sessions' list. The second item
24557: This Python script sorts the characters from an input string "ws" and returns them as one line sorted alphabetically, without duplicates or spaces between
24558: This Python function is used to count the depth of quotes in an input string and returns that value along with processed version without any leading or trailing spaces
24559: This Python script calculates the distance between each element of an array and another given point, then returns which one is closest to it based on these calculated
24560: This Python function calculates the similarity between two sketches. It compares each corresponding entry of both arrays and increments 'Shared Entires'
24561: This script checks the system's platform, if it is Windows then gets DNS name of that machine else returns its Host Name as per domain type home
24562: This Python script uses the 're' module to match and extract information from strings using regular expressions, then prints out that matched string in one line format
24563: This function takes two parameters, 'env' &amp; ‘reg’. If both are provided it returns the combination of them in string format
24564: Extracts the value of "Front Right Tires Pressures in PSI" from JSON object.  This is done using Python'd
24565: Deletes all elements from the list 'matches' that have distance greater than 9 units away, and then returns updated version of it back to
24566: This Python function checks if the velocity of an object is positive and returns its weight in kilograms based on some assumptions about it's size given
24567: This Python function checks whether the input "weight" variable has been passed as string or numeric data type and converts it into float values in case
24568: This function returns the minimum value in an array.  It uses builtin Python functions to find and output that smallest number from any given list of numbers
24569: This python script is used to subtract the minimum value of each line from every element within an inputted 3D array. The resultant modified
24570: This function checks whether the input 'X' variable type in Python. If it’is of Set data structure then return sorted and list version as T
24571: Checks if the variables 'call' contain both latitude ('MyLat') & longtude('MYLONG').  If so, it
24572: This function calculates the magnitude of an electric field vector using its direction and speed, which is then converted to decibels by raising it power -
24573: This function checks if the string "folder" contains an opening parenthesis ("") in it using R's built - –—occursIn
24574: This function calculates the decay factor of an object in physics. It is used to calculate how much energy or mass will be lost as it decays
24575: This Python script is used to extract the parameters from an object that has been fitted with scikit learn's linear regression model and store them into
24576: If the field is less than six characters, it returns zero. Otherwise - continues with other operations on that data type in future versions of programmatically
24577: This Python function takes an input string of numbers and returns the first part before any zeros. If there are no zeroes it will return all characters
24578: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
24579: If the input is zero, return "Binary" and then call function 'wrap' with remaining bits left after removing first bit. The result of that
24580: This line of the given Python script splits "tensorName" by ':' and returns its second element as an integer, effectively extracting just index
24581: This function returns the JSON object of type check with player information.  The 'rus' in `return` is not clear, could be replaced by
24582: If the namespace is present, return it along with name. Else just give back original metadata's namespaces and resources as they are now
24583: This Python script splits the input string by "plus sign", removes any instances of plus signs and then reassembles it into fields separated with an
24584: If the input 'Value' exceeds its maximum limit, it raises an error with specific message else returns original values of "VALUE".  This function checks
24585: This Python script creates two sets and performs an operation on the second one. The first line of codes initializes 'set' with elements from another lists
24586: This function takes in one string and replaces all occurrences of two or more hyphens with single dash.  It is case sensitive as it
24587: This function checks the level of access and performs different actions based on that. If it's an admin, then they can do anything; otherwise depending
24588: This line of the script is creating an array with two elements, "resource/". The first element will be concatenated to its string value and then
24589: This python function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in three parameters, b and an additional parameter 'z', then it returns their sum
24590: This function returns the input 'port' plus 7963, or less than it. If not true then return original value of "return
24591: This function calculates the energy density of an object given its weight and speed. It's based on Einstein’ formula E=mc^2,
24592: If the variable 'protect' is set to either yes, YES or Yes then return value of one. Else Return zero as default output from
24593: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an offset from range start to align it with 'record size'. The modulo operation is used
24594: This python function calculates the output of linear regression based on input parameters.  The equation is represented as 'y=slope*x+offset
24595: Calculates the bounding box of two given boxes. The result is returned as four numbers representing minimum and maximum x coordinates followed by y coordinate respectively in
24596: This function returns the file extension based on whether or not 'shared' is true. If it’s false, then return '.A', otherwise,'
24597: If the 'presence' id is -  then return its value else otherwise it should format and display as per requirement. The input to be passed
24598: This Python function finds the index of 'package' where it encounters an ""@" character and returns either all characters before that or just up to
24599: This Python function calculates the amount of 'FUEL' required to launch an object with given initial weight. If it is less than zero,
24600: This Python function calculates the angle of an object in space given its distance from Earth's center and elapsed seconds since midnight, with some simple
24601: Copies the configuration from one dictionary to another in Python, creating an exact copy of it without referencing any objects or references that might be shared between
24602: If the time is less than an integer, it sets that as new value of 'f' and ends. Otherwise checks whether there are any remaining non
24603: This Python script splits the input string into two parts separated by ":" and converts them to integers before performing arithmetic operations on these values which
24604: This line of the Python script returns only one part from an HTTP response header, which is 'ContentType'. It splits that string into two parts
24605: Calculates the year from FAT date. (FAT_DATE is in days since January, and it's calculated as one plus
24606: This function returns the grade based on student's score. It uses conditional statements to return different grades depending upon scores in Python programming language – one
24607: This function calculates the area of an ellipse with given semi major axis 'k' and width at origin.  The formula used is A
24608: This Python function uses recursion to traverse the binary tree, collecting nodes at each level of depth into an output list if they are leaves or on
24609: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The result is stored in variables 'maxX', ‘minY' respectively
24610: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence. It takes as input one string of nucleotides, and returns another same length with each base replaced by
24611: This function calculates the EMI value of two gems based on their radii and returns an estimate in terms how much they are different from each
24612: If the value of 'Board' is less than 0, it changes its sign and then returns an integer result. The calculation involves taking mod
24613: This line of Python script initializes an integer variable 'A' with the value 1, then increments it by two and returns its new updated
24614: This function checks if the number is divisible by any of its digits. If it'd be evenly divided, then return true; otherwise
24615: This Python function splits the input string into parts and returns fourth part if it exists, else return 'None'.  If there are less than four
24616: This function attempts to convert the input into an integer or float, and if that fails it returns its original form. If both fail then they just simply
24617: This function checks whether the string 'file' is present as either of two possible names. If it finds one, returns that name; otherwise return an
24618: A tool to create an extensibile project scaffolder. It can be used by developers who want more flexibility in their projects and have less
24619: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary nested lists and returns the flattened version of it by using recursion to handle sublists within mainlist
24620: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n'. It's an example in Python. The formula used is simple and efficient
24621: This function returns the number of spaces in string "s" at index i. If there is no space, it will return 0 or -n
24622: This function converts an integer to the specified base. It uses R's built in "string" and “parse” functions with Int as
24623: This Python script rearranges the elements of list 'vector' into pairs. The first element is taken from each pair, and then second one repl
24624: This function returns the string 'needes build -' followed by job name.  It is used to prefix all jobs in Jenkins that are not
24625: This is the definition of Fibo sequence using recursion. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value in斐波那
24626: This is an array of the number days in each month. It's used to calculate leap years and nonleap year lengths respectively..   Code
24627: If the first number is greater than second, assigns both numbers to each other. Otherwise it swaps them and does so in reverse order with their
24628: This Python script consumes KAFKA messages from the specified topic and group with specific partition using consumer offsets information provided by kakfa broker
24629: This function checks whether the input number is less than or equal to ten, equals one hundred and returns true when these conditions are met. Otherwise it will
24630: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24631: This function checks whether the word 'VIP' is present as part of any given list. If it finds, then returns true; otherwise false or
24632: This Python function splits the input URI into its components based on colon and returns either last component or original if there is only one part in it,
24633: This function returns the same values as input but in reversed order.  It's just an example of how to reverse two variables using Python programming
24634: This Python function is used to remove duplicate values from the list of lists. It checks each sublist and removes any duplicates that are found within it
24635: This Python script deletes keys from two different dictionary objects, 'd' and the list of ignored elements. It then checks if both dicts are
24636: If the length of input is less than 1, return it as such. Else check whether last character isn't '.','?' or	'
24637: This function returns the path to an iOS framework.  It takes in one parameter, which is assumed as 'name' of that specific framewor
24638: This script is used to extract the groups from each object within an API's responses. It then combines all these into one list, which it returns
24639: Checks if the number is equal to its digit factorial sums.  It does so by converting each of these individual numbers into their respective factories
24640: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The base case is when 'A'(the first
24641: Returns true if the given number is within range of an integer.  The difference between 'sup' and '-dist', as well, are considered to
24642: If the input is missing any of its components, return an empty list.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal in Python scripting language using NLT
24643: This function returns the smallest value in dictionary d. If there are multiple values with same minimum and largest keys it will only consider one of them as per
24644: This Python function tries to convert an object into string, if it's not possible then returns the representation of that obj in its native format using `
24645: This function returns the file name of an inputted point in 3D space. The filename is generated by concatenating all points' x, y
24646: This Python script calculates the sum of values from nested dictionary keys using fusing operations on addition and subtraction within each key's value pair inside
24647: This function is used to calculate the value of an expression based on whether its input parameter 'p' falls within certain conditions, and returns different results depending
24648: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24649: This function returns the string "Hello, name".  It takes in one parameter 'Name' and prints out Hello followed by that person’s
24650: This Python function tries to return the "task_token" from dictionary named 'decision'. If it doesn't exist, then returns `None
24651: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an integer representing one of 10 different wavelength measurements and second parameter should be list or nd
24652: ConvertF(f): Conversion of the given degree f from farenehite into cesuis scale""" ...   # Add
24653: This Python function checks if one list is the prefix of another. It compares two lists, 'N' length each time until it finds mismat
24654: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns their summation. It uses the builtin 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from both list together
24655: This script creates two lists, 'X' and ‘Y’ from the input list of points. It then calculates minimums/maxim
24656: This Python function sorts the input sequence by length in descending order and then alphabetically. The lambda functions are used to specify how each element
24657: This function returns the first input Block from output list. If no such an element exists, it will default to returning "None".  Code explanation and
24658: Compare the current stage numbers of two dictionaries. If they are equal, return true; if one is greater than another by more stages or less then
24659: This script splits the file name of an input filename and returns its extension, then removes any underscores from it to get just one word identifier
24660: This Python function returns the title, description of an object in JSON format.  The input is expected to be dictionary with keys "podcast", which
24661: This Python script takes an input string, strips leading and trailing whitespace from it using the strip() method of python strings class; then splits
24662: This function converts the input text to unicode escape and then decodes it back into utf – - format. It's used in Python
24663: This function checks the values of three variables, 'l', ‘m’ ,and ''r'' in an array. Based on these conditions it
24664: If the function is called with an empty string as its argument, it will immediately termininate and returns False.  This indicates that no file was provided
24665: This Python script splits the URL into two parts using "://" and then further divides it by '.' to get last part of domain name
24666: This function checks if the person has been born in naturalized status and of age 40 or older. It returns true only when both conditions are
24667: This function checks whether the given string is one of several possible values. If it matches any, then returns true; otherwise false – based on what
24668: This Python function takes an input of type str and index as parameters. It returns the subpart before/after given "injection" in between two
24669: This line of Python function replaces all spaces in the string with underscores, which is commonly used to create URLs or filenames that
24670: This line of the given Python script checks whether string 's' ends with "_p". If it does, then returns all characters from start to '_
24671: This line of the program calculates and returns 'Q' scale, which is defined as 10 times smaller than original value. The formula used
24672: This Python script splits the given path into its components and returns last component of that split list which is filename in our case, as per requirement mentioned
24673: Checks whether two lists are equal in length, then checks the sets of elements. If they're both same size with identical element values return true
24674: This program creates an empty list and then repeatedly subtracts the smallest possible value from 'left' until it becomes ‘zero’. It p
24675: This function calculates the probability of winning by guessing at random. It takes in two parameters, opponent's rating and players current score/ranking
24676: This Python script splits the HTTP request into individual parameters and then converts them to dictionary format using list comprehension, which is an efficient way of
24677: This line of the Python script checks if there is any nonempty string in list 's'. If so it returns True; otherwise False or an empty
24678: This Python function calculates the Chi square effectivity of two signals, given their magnitudes ('Magnitude' in terms). If any signal is
24679: This function checks whether an attribute exists within the JSON dictionary. If it does exist then returns that specific key's corresponding data; otherwise return 'None
24680: This line of the Python script calculates and returns how much actual yield is outcompeted by its predicted value. The result will be in percentage form
24681: This Python function finds the maximum grade from given dictionary of student names and their corresponding scores/grades as input parameters which is used to find out who has
24682: This line of Python script returns the term TERM with its value set to xterminal and then formats it using ec2 instance id.  The
24683: This Python function returns the count of ‘one’ characters in an input number. It converts n to string, filters out all non one character
24684: This function returns the difficulty level of an input number 'i'. The numbers correspond to different levels from 9(Extreme), and are mapped in
24685: This function returns the format string as an integer. It's used to convert strings into integers when needed in other functions or methods, such us '
24686: This Python function replaces all non breaking spaces (\U+FFFD or \N{NO BREAK SPACE}) with two paragraph marks.
24687: If the provided project id and optional 'User ID' are valid, return an empty dictionary. Otherwise do nothing or raise exception if invalid inputs given;
24688: A function that creates and returns an object with keys "cited" if the DOI or Score are provided, else it only has key '
24689: This program splits the input string into an array of strings using space as delimiter. It then returns first character in second word converted to Upper
24690: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
24691: This line of the given C++ program creates an integer variable named 'bit_mask' and initializes it with all bits set to one. The
24692: This Python function takes an input sequence and returns the subsequences of specified length in that list as output, one at each time through looping from
24693: This function converts an input to its floating point equivalent. If the value isn't already of type 'float', it will convert and return as
24694: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same number in its ASCII representation. If it's less than 10, then prefix
24695: This line of the function is setting up an initial learning rate, which will be used in training to adjust weights during optimization process based on how many times
24696: This line of Python function returns the result by adding 1 to its input, which is equivalent in functionality with an arithmetic operation on zero but without
24697: Code is used to create and manipulate binary trees. It allows insertion, deletions in O(log n), search operations are performed on average
24698: This Python function splits each string on the first space character and stores it as name along with its corresponding second part after stripping any leading/tra
24699: This function calculates the area of an isosceles trapezoid given its base and height, using formula A = ½x(h
24700: This Python function calculates the surface of circle using its formula.  The input is 'radius' and it returns an output which represents Surface Area
24701: This line of the script filters out all non-"None" reviewers from 'reviews' using Python.  It does so by checking if "
24702: This Python function calculates the weight of two objects based on their distance and mass. If it's impossible to calculate, returns an error message (-
24703: This function returns the string representation of an integer if it is not equal to "-1", otherwise, empty.  It's used in some loops
24704: This Python function calculates the molecular weight based on two given parameters and an additional parameter that determines how much more water is added at each step in order
24705: Returns True if the value of 'x' is 0 or any other number. Otherwise returns False in Python list comprehension syntax used to check whether
24706: This Python script is used to extract the Physical Resource ID and Response Data from an AWS Lambda Event.  The extracted data are then returned as part
24707: This function converts the first character of each word in an input string to uppercase. If no characters are found, it returns empty strings as per
24708: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The inputs are tuples of length one with each containing
24709: This function returns the name of an event based on its 'week' value. If it is 98, then output will be Wildcard;
24710: This function checks if the given date falls on February 0th or any other specific days. If it does then adjusts that to be in March
24711: If the function receives "retries" and/or “timeouts” as arguments, it will set these values in its keyword argument dictionary.
24712: This line of the script is defining an array with one element, which contains only "Wikimedia" as its value. It's used to
24713: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by shifting right operator '>>' on an integer with eight bits and then
24714: Code is used to calculate the gamma value of an object. The function takes two parameters, one being 'x' and another beeing ‘
24715: This function takes two arguments, 'alpha' and the input vectors "a" &amp;#x3D;"b", returns an elementwise
24716: If the input dictionary to merge isn't provided it returns an empty or default one; otherwise merges two dictionaries together and return resultant combined
24717: Return the string 'target' if it contains substring of another word, else returns an empty String.  The other possible substrings are r0
24718: This Python function calculates the maximum length of each column's string representation. It takes as input an array 'row', and returns another list with
24719: This line of Python script removes all spaces from the inputted text/string, effectively stripping it out and making its content uncluttered or
24720: This function maps comparison tokens to their corresponding logical operators. It checks whether the given 'Token' is in `ComparisonTokens` dictionary and returns its
24721: This Python function checks whether the given string contains '.', and then splits it into three parts based on these characters to return them as separate variables or
24722: This Python function counts the occurrence of each unique combination/words from 'txt' that are also present within list "Words". It returns an array
24723: This script calculates the number of true cases by dividing length 'True' data set with five. It then creates an empty list to store predictions
24724: This function checks whether the variable 'dewi' is equal to −9999. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true
24725: If the number of input is zero it returns 'zero'. Otherwise return result from division. The function also handles cases where there's no remaining entry
24726: This line of Python script replaces the double colons with single underscores in string 'name'.  It's used to standardize n
24727: This Python script counts the number of commas and periods found within an input string. The count is then returned as output from function call, which can
24728: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string. It takes as input tuple, and joins all elements in that TUPLE into one single
24729: This function converts the file extension of an input string to lowercase, and if it's '.MpU', replaces with ''.
24730: Code converts the input string to its equivalent in UpperCase.  It uses builtin function of python which is 'upper()' or we can
24731: This program counts the number of bits in an integer. It does so by continually subtracting one from 'x' and incrementing counter until it becomes
24732: Creates an identifier from the class name. Replaces dots with underscores and removes any parenthesized content in brackets []. Removes
24733: If the input string is empty, return an error message. ...[Continue] ...   # [End of Summary].' in Python
24734: A function that takes two parameters and returns them in dictionary format.  The keys are 'Name' &amp;#40;&quot;/&
24735: This function returns the value of an equation based on two parameters. If 'val' is zero, it will return zeros; otherwise - one divided
24736: This function takes in two parameters - 'node' and an integer "off" which is the size of one side. It returns another tuple with values
24737: This Python function checks the operator and performs an operation based on its type. If it's ‘==’, then addition is performed; otherwise
24738: This line of the Python script is performing an operation that normalizes image data to be between [-1, +1]. It's doing so by
24739: This Python function calculates the longest common substring between two strings. It uses dynamic programming to find out all possible substrings of both input string and
24740: This function takes two arguments, checks whether the first is less than or equal to second. If it's true then calculates and returns normalized value
24741: This function checks whether the string '_a' or 'p', followed by one of two underscores, and then either an alphabet letter ('
24742: This Python script converts an integer to its equivalent representation as the International System of Units. It uses pairs from 3 different ranges with their corresponding symbols
24743: This script uses lifoverseq to convert human genome sequence data from GRCh36/hg19 or hsapiens.v
24744: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from K to N, where each number is equal distance apart. The formula used here uses arithmetic progress
24745: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24746: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
24747: Checks the format of input 'date' and assigns it to either day/ month / year based on its size. If invalid or missing then
24748: If the variable 'n' equals 1, return False. Otherwise - True as per given condition in function definition of Python script or program logic based
24749: This Python script generates all possible combinations of characters to extend the given list 'charstoeXTend' with each item from another iterable object,
24750: Returns True if the distance between two points in 3D space is greater than or equal to their Euclidean norm. Otherwise, it returns False;
24751: This Python function counts the number of times one string occurs as substring in another. It uses two pointers 'ij' and keeps track on
24752: This function checks whether the input is within an acceptable range. If not it raises or returns appropriate error message depending on which condition holds true - that being
24753: This function calculates the actual vapor pressures from given values of enthalpy and entropy, returning zero or NaN in case either value is invalid
24754: This Python function returns the common elements between two lists by using list comprehension and break statement to stop as soon it finds matching element from both arrays,
24755: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
24756: Code generates an SQS URL based on the provided parameters s4tematic bucket and key – returns as string formatting of these two
24757: This Python function takes an attribute dictionary as input; it filters out attributes that start with "___" or end "_"; then returns the remaining ones under
24758: This Python function calculates the total number of nodes in an input list, which is essentially equivalent to calculating its length. If no argument or empty array
24759: If no job is being processed, it raises an error stating that the number of Jobs should not equal to – and only when there are threads available
24760: This line of the given Python script splits an input string 'x' into two parts at each occurrence ‘\n’ and returns second part
24761: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns only one of them, which is usually used as name or identifier to access specific repositories
24762: This Python script converts two version numbers into integers and compares them element by elements using the '>' or '-<'. If one number is
24763: This script is used to extract the variables with specific labels from an ACS dataset' s variable dictionary object using Python programming language." (continued
24764: If the length of 'part' is less than or equal to ‘len’, append zeros into part. Else if not then assign
24765: This function normalizes the given matrix by subtracting its minimum and then scaling it to fit within an interval of [0, 1]. The result
24766: This program uses the PyTorch library to train an LSTM model on MNIST dataset. The training process involves feeding data into our network,
24767: If no value, return 'no_base'. Else check the presence of specific keywords and handle accordingly. Unknown otherwise – unknown keyword(s
24768: This Python function calculates the minimum difference between two numbers, and returns one of those differences. The first number is calculated as absolute value from cand to
24769: If the value is greater than tuple'tuple data 3rd element, return rescale of that. Else check whether it’is less
24770: This python function calculates the average of three numbers and then returns an expression that is calculated by subtracting min(u[a], b ,c
24771: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with paths based on the source, target pairs. The keys of each inner dictionaries are targets
24772: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' with two attributes, name and age. The method set_name() sets
24773: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on the comparison of two numbers. If they are equal, it will return zero; otherwise
24774: This Python script creates an object to represent the line of music notation, with attributes such as type and number that are determined by its content in string format
24775: This Python function returns the list of algorithms associated with each type in an associative array or dictionary called 'associated to session'. The keys are H
24776: This function searches through the 'groups' dictionary to find and return specific information about an individual or multiple individuals within that particular named Group. If it can
24777: Finds the position of '<>' in string. If found, returns its starting index else -1  Code is used to locate and return start
24778: This Python function checks the value of x and returns it as string. If |value_of X| is less than or equal to epsilon,
24779: This line of the given command is splitting by " (" and then taking second part after first opening bracket.  It's doing exactly what it
24780: This Python script generates an event rule in AWS CloudWatch. The generated string is the combination of stackName and Instance ID with "-" as separ
24781: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to dividing 't0' by ten thousand, then subtracts
24782: This function clamps the input to be between [min=x/8] and[max = 3*sqrt((float)(intensity)/4
24783: A dictionary of default arguments used in the SLAC scheduler. The keys are specific to each task and their values define how they should be run by
24784: This Python script is used to extract the title, subheading or volume/facsimile number from an input dictionary of books if they exist; otherwise
24785: This Python function checks the given 'simulation' years against an ordered list of narratives. If it finds that simulation is within any time step defined
24786: Sorts the list of dictionaries by "Pricein€uro". 	Key is used to access and sort on dictionary values in Python programming language
24787: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24788: Copies the dictionary and assigns new key/value to it. Returns modified dictonary back in caller scope – Pythonic way of
24789: This Python function converts an integer into three separate components. The first component is the remainder of division by 360 and second one divides
24790: This Python function draws an upside down triangle using the character '*' and its length. The maximum width of each line is determined by variable `
24791: This Python function takes as input two sequences of elements and returns their concatenation along with the other entries from each sequence into another list which is then returned
24792: This Python function splits the input string "s" into individual elements separated by "_", and returns them as an output list 'OUT'.  The
24793: This function calculates the force between two liquids, given their volumes and densities at different pressures using an approximation of Lame's constant formula
24794: Created dictionary with keys "code", and values corresponding to the variables.  Also, created nested dictionaries within each key'd value pair that
24795: This Python script merges all the dictionary objects into one single, flattened object using 'dict comprehension'. The merged output is then returned as
24796: This Python function calculates the product of each element from list A with corresponding value at same index position as it's present on another array. The
24797: This function takes an array of arguments and parses them to create dictionaries. The keys are the variable names given by -vars while values represent their
24798: If 'Type Error' is raised when trying to compare two types in Python. This function returns one value which will always remain constant regardless if it was
24799: This function checks if the point is within any of given rectangular or circular shapes. 1st line loops over all rectangles, checking each one to
24800: This line of the Python function returns minimum value between high and maximum among X or lower limit.  It's used to ensure that any given number
24801: This Python function generates all the factors of an input number 'num'. It uses list comprehension to find and return these as output which is then printed
24802: This function takes as input the string 'txt' and returns an array of strings, where each element is one word from that text separated by commas
24803: This line of the script converts all text and category data into lists. It'll be used in further processing steps where we need to work with
24804: This function calculates the factorial of an integer using recursive method. If input is zero or one, it returns that value directly; otherwise depending
24805: This Python function checks the position of two objects in relation to each other. If one object is inside another, it returns how far they are from their
24806: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the elements that are in one of them but not both. The result is returned by creating new sets
24807: This function returns twice the input plus one. It's an example of how to create simple mathematical functions in Python, which is useful when you want
24808: This Python function checks the order of three numbers, then returns an integer based on their position. If they are in ascending or descening sequence it
24809: This Python script generates an array of binary strings with the length equal to 16 bits and populates it using bitwise operations on numbers from zero
24810: This Python script converts the input string into its character array and checks if any two consecutive characters are equal. If they're not it returns false
24811: This Python function calculates the percentage of deliveries to received. It takes two parameters, 'order' which is total number delivered and order that was
24812: "Converts the amount of Water Vapor in gr/kg into Parts Per Million Volatile Organic Compounds."	}"
24813: This function finds maximum value in an integer number when it is divisible by 'r', but not equal to given "zero" parameter. If no
24814: If the difference between 'on' and ‘off’ is less than "wait", it returns zero. Otherwise, calculates how much time has
24815: A dictionary is created with the keys as 'initiatior' and values are corresponding to all targets. The function returns that map/dictionary which
24816: Creates an identifier name based on the values of 'n' and '_', if n is greater than 0. If not, it returns only
24817: This function returns the string 'Hello' followed by an input parameter, which is presumably their names.  The purpose of it to greet them in
24818: This Python function calculates the value of an exponential decay curve based on given parameters. The equation is as follows, y = c0*exp(-
24819: This Python script is used to find the distinct filnames from matched rules and return them as output, which are then stored into 'license' variable using
24820: This line of Python script creates two sets from the given lists, then returns their intersection's length. The '&', operator is used to find
24821: This function checks if the input value 'val' has any of nan, inf and negative infinity. If it does then returns True else False –
24822: This Python script is creating an empty dictionary and then populating it with data from multiple inputted mappings. If the same keys are found across different
24823: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements and then squares it, resulting an output that is returned by function as resultant value from python program
24824: This script replaces the old string patterns in CSS with new ones using JavaScript's String replace method and returns it as output to be used elsewhere or
24825: This Python script calculates the number of molecules per square centimeter based on conversion rate and space column size, which is assumed to be 30
24826: This function returns the appropriate string based on whether or no there is an extension and what it contains. If none, then return 'currY'.
24827: This is an example of Python function that returns zero when input 'x' value less than or equal to zer. Otherwise, it will return the
24828: This Python function calculates the percentage difference between two numbers and rounds it to nearest integer. The calculation is done by subtracting 'second' from first
24829: This Python function returns slices of the list 'n' elements at each index.  It uses slicing to achieve that and is efficient as it only
24830: This line of Python script returns the result rounded to three decimal places, which is equivalent with converting it from milliseconds into seconds and then back again
24831: This Python script sorts the list of rule objects by their score. The number 'len' is used to get length, and then nested loops are created
24832: This Python function checks the value of an instruction and performs different operations based on its bitwise AND operation with certain values. The result is returned as '
24833: This Python function calculates the time it takes to travel from one point in space, given its distance and speed. It's based on an assumption
24834: This function checks whether the given dictionary has keys 'status' with value of “OK”, as well an additional key named type that holds its
24835: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24836: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
24837: This Python script creates and returns the result of XOR operation on two lists using '^' operator, where each element is compared with corresponding elements from
24838: This Python script is used to access the value of 'd' from an object named "names" using its keys. The final output will be stored
24839: This function returns the name of an object as "<function_object>"_memoryversion.  It is used to track changes in memory versions and
24840: If the 'variant' parameter isn’t provided, return default value. Otherwise use that as it was given by user in function call."
24841: Checks whether the length of text is greater than 1. If it's true, returns "True", otherwise ->"False". This
24842: Checks if the name starts with double underscores.  It's not recommended to use these in production as they can lead into hard debug
24843: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24844: This function calculates the number of ways to choose 'k' items from an array/list with size n using combination formula in Python programming language
24845: This Python script splits the input string into two parts and performs different operations based on its length - either it creates an integer sequence from `n`
24846: Return four objects in Python.  These are the same as input parameters but with some modifications made to them by function body logic and returned from it respectively
24847: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of equal length. It sums up all differences divided by their corresponding values and then div
24848: If the 'ContentType' header exists and its value matches one of two predefined values then return true else false; otherwise it returns FALSE
24849: This function returns the appropriate string based on whether or not it's part of standard contest, daily std contests etc. It also handles other cases
24850: This function takes two arguments, multiplies them together and then divides the result by 4. The final output is returned as one line of text
24851: If the value in variable 'vecase' is less than that stored at "varHosp", an Error will be thrown with message. “
24852: This Python function compares two versions of software and returns an integer indicating the comparison result between them based on their major components separated by dots (".").
24853: This function compares two strings of equal length and returns the shorter one. If they are not equally long, it will return whichever string is
24854: This Python script splits an IPv6 address into its components, reverses the order of these elements and then joins them back together with dots in between
24855: A list comprehension that converts all terms to lowercase.  It's case insensitive, meaning it will match any string regardless of its
24856: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one fractional part. The function takes two parameters, 'f' which is supposed to be
24857: This function calculates the minimum of five numbers and returns it. The first number is divided by maximum value between h &amp;#40;&
24858: This line of the Python function checks if either an empty list 'len()' is returned, which means that there are no elements in page. Or
24859: This function attempts to extract the last part of an object's name that ends with "___". If it fails due some reason such as if there
24860: This Python function calculates the average of 3 numbers. The first two are multiplied by each other, and then added to one number which is
24861: This Python function converts the dictionary into another format where each key maps to an array of values associated with that particular keys from original dicts and returns
24862: This Python script uses List Comprehension to flatten the nested lists. It iterates over each of these "nested" elements and collect
24863: This Python script converts the dictionary into an ordered list of dictionaries based on '@key' field in each subdictionary, which is used
24864: This function returns the number '9' in Python. It is not used anywhere else and has no side effects, so it doesn’t change any
24865: This Python function calculates the percentage of each element present within an inputted frequency distribution. It takes as its argument, 'total' which is calculated
24866: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated value, 'rho' which is calculated by adding to its initial state or previous calculation
24867: If the 'dimension' is 3, then create an empty list called "circle". Then iterates over all possible combinations of coordinates within -
24868: This function converts an HTTP header to its underscore version in uppercase format using the replace and convert functions of Python's string module, then
24869: This function returns the inputted 'string' with single quotes around it. (END SUMMARY).  ```python`def quote_me
24870: This Python function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise shifting and counting, which is similar but not
24871: This function calculates the value of 'sigma' times dataframe divided by an allowed limit.  The result is returned as output from another method in
24872: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
24873: This Python function checks whether the given 'data' dictionary contains an entry with name equal to "KeyName". If it does, then returns that value
24874: This function calculates the modular inverse of x modulo 'p'. It uses Euler's theorem to calculate it.  The result is returned
24875: This function takes in the string 'text' and returns it after removing both '\t', newline characters, carriage/return ('\\') from your
24876: This Python function checks the value of 'genomic build' and returns different strings based on that. It also formats these returned string with gene label using
24877: This function is used to determine the type of dropped packet based on its name. It takes as input an array or list containing names, and returns one
24878: This function checks if the given two numbers are divisble by six. If they're not then it increments or decrementes one of
24879: If the input has no defined 'None' or empty list, it will return an emtpy array; otherwise filters out small size of elements from
24880: If the function receives no keyword argument, it will return its first non-"None" value. Otherwise - depending on which one was returned by previous checks
24881: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input x and y coordinates of both endpoints, then
24882: This function checks if the given 3D coordinates are within two planes defined by their minimums/maximum values in x, y direction. The
24883: This Python function splits the string 'separated by' and returns only one part of it if there is more than just separator in given input
24884: This script checks whether the string 'src' contains any of three keywords. If it does, then return model; otherwise returns obs – one line
24885: This Python script creates and returns JSON object with the given 'timestamp' as its value. The returned dictionary includes two keys - one is named after an
24886: This function returns the direction based on an angle in degree. The directions are defined as N, NE , E ... W and SW . It also includes
24887: This line of Python script converts Julian day numbers to years using the formula given by JDN = D - N + M/49
24888: This Python script calculates the sum of an infinite geometric series. The function takes two parameters - 'r' and ‘n’ which represent common
24889: Returns the characters in string 'chars' as an array. 1st line is just "return" and then list of all lines after that
24890: This function sorts the list of dictionaries by "Cloud" and then within each same Cloud it's sorted alphabetically.  If two elements
24891: If the variable ```'None',``` it assigns to be either physical or tree wise. Else, raise an error with unsupported scales
24892: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary and then checks if there are more than one keys in it, returning true or false accordingly based on that
24893: This function checks whether the input number 'k' in an even or odd way. If it’s zero, then return true; otherwise check next
24894: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "parameter" where "/"/ is found with hyphen (-).  It'
24895: This Python function is used to remove the beginning of each string in an array. The number and type parameters are as follows, "str" or list
24896: This function checks whether every element of the list 'reply' are either strings ('string') and/or dictionaries. If so it returns True
24897: This function takes two parameters, n and f. It returns the result of dividing 'n' by ‘f’ rounded to one decimal place
24898: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
24899: Checks if the number of spaces in 'Full' is less than that found by splitting on space. If true it returns True else False –
24900: This line of the given C++ function is performing an arithmetic shift on x to its left by 'c' places. The result will be stored
24901: This program generates an array of numbers from the first number to 'n' and then doubles every element by multiplying it with two or three depending
24902: This function returns the filename of an incoming webhook request. The username and list name are concatenated with .text to form partials file names in
24903: If the condition is true, it returns 'expr', otherwise if false then wraps '"+' and "' around expression. (Note that
24904: This Python script splits the given file name into its parts and checks if it's an extension of .CSV or not, returning true/
24905: This Python script creates two lists from the given dictionary list of dictionaries 'models'. It first adds all directory paths to ```'list_of
24906: This function returns the value of an integer based on whether or not it is prefixed with 'prefix' in any order. If no such string exists
24907: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys based on the options provided. The values associated each key are determined by their position within
24908: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'a' from another number, then dividing
24909: If the points are on an equilateral triangle, return their distance. Otherwise calculate it using Heron's formula to find out how far apart
24910: This Python function calculates the next FIBONACCI number in sequence. It uses an iterative approach to calculate each new fibbonaci num
24911: This Python function calculates the average of an array 'N' elements long and returns it as float if there are no zeros in results, else
24912: This is an implementation of the formula "(learning rate * weight decay factor)" in PyTorch. It's used to update weights during back
24913: Code returns the string 'article' in Python. (...)   # Continue with your explanation here...    """}`, you can
24914: This function returns the value of 'splunk_recorde' key from an input dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then default to
24915: Returns the string representation of an object, with optional parameters filled in. If any parameter isn't provided it will be left blank ("") instead to
24916: This function calculates the dot product of two 3D vectors. The result is returned as one number which represents their combined value in terms on three
24917: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the provided parameters. The "print" statement is used to output some text, but in our
24918: This program calculates the total of all multiples between two numbers, n and one that are divisible by either three or five. The result is
24919: Checks the object's properties to see whether it has 'version', and returns its value. If not, checks further into nested objects until either
24920: This line of the given Python script returns 'correlation' from an input dictionary.  It is used to calculate correlation between two lists in order,
24921: This function calculates the number of remaining iterations in an evaluation loop. If there are any leftover elements left after evaluating all items and returning
24922: This Python function splits the given string into three pieces using ":" as separator and returns them in that order with no further processing or manipulation
24923: A function that converts all keys of the dictionary to lowercase and returns it as new dictonary with same values but different key names –
24924: This Python script splits the string of credentials into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries, where keys are values from second part ('key
24925: This Python script converts an integer to its rounded equivalent, and then returns the corresponding string based on that value in various states of execution or error conditions
24926: This Python function calculates and returns an elementwise difference between two lists, then divides that result by their sum. If both input arrays are of
24927: This function returns the reciprocal of two to power level. The result is an approximation because it's calculated using floating point arithmetic, and
24928: This function returns the age and number of children in an object. If these keys do not exist, it will default to 0 or None respectively if
24929: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns distance between two points in 3D space. The 'dist' variable holds value that is
24930: This Python script converts all items to their corresponding, one line version with the same functionality as original but converted into snake case formatting using str
24931: This Python function converts bytes to gigabytes. It does so by first dividing the total number of Byes into kilobyte units
24932: This function takes in one argument, gene. It returns the input string converted to all upper case letters using Python's builtin 'lowercase
24933: This function takes in the string value and returns it quoted using Python's builtin url parsing library, 'urlib'.  The quote()
24934: If the number is negative, it returns False. Otherwise -> True  [n] will be checked to see whether or not its value can fit
24935: This line of the program splits name into two parts at each period. The first part is stored in 'split_first' and second one -
24936: This function takes three lists as input and returns another list. The first two inputs are integers or floats that represent the time values of some data points
24937: This function takes in an input string and returns the same but all characters are converted to their corresponding ASCII values.  The result is then returned as
24938: This Python function calculates the price change percentage between two prices. If one or both of them are ‘None’, it returns 'Not Available
24939: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each sublist of the given 3D array/matrix and adds all tokens to that
24940: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the ASCII values corresponding to each character present within that String using builtin python functions 'str
24941: This Python function calculates the difference between two values based on their relative differences in terms of percentage points within an acceptable margin defined by 'p' as
24942: This function is used to find all keys that start with "ft", sort them and return the sorted list of features alongwith their count as output from
24943: This function finds the "watched" portion of an URL and returns it as another string, if found; otherwise return 'None'. The purpose is
24944: This function takes in one parameter, 'Value', and returns the same input as it's only 3 or more characters long. If longer than
24945: This Python script is used to extract specific elements from the input data. The extracted information includes 'Token IDs', ‘Attention Mask’
24946: This Python script creates an array of keys to be used in the database.  The order is important as it determines how data will get stored and ret
24947: This Python script checks the Windows version and raises an error when it's invalid, otherwise returns that value as output of function call which can be used
24948: This Python function returns the headers required in an HTTP request.  The 'user agent' is set to be whatever string you pass into it when calling
24949: Checks if the command line arguments exist within an argument list. If so, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether it's possible
24950: This function checks the relationship between two players in an array of player rankings. It returns 'preferred', ‘not preferred’, or neither
24951: This line of Python script calculates the average value between two colors. It takes in both lists and returns their averages as new values which are then
24952: This function checks if the file extension of an input string is one among four common image formats.  It does so by checking against known extensions and returns
24953: Checks whether the directory is either empty or contains 'package' with python files inside it that are also under version control using .gitsubmodule
24954: "Computes the one line version of calculating precision, and then calculates Recal" in terms that is easy to understand. The function also checks
24955: If the dictionary doesnt contain keys 'resul', return false. Else, check whether id and error are present or no; else continue to
24956: This function returns whether the peak of an inputted array is greater than half its average value in one line using Python programming language, if so it will
24957: Blocking the given ip addresses using python script with pandas dataframe and blocking function from library requests module in Python 3+, alongwith num
24958: This Python function converts string values to boolean or integer types based on their content and the value of another variable named `val` passed as an argument
24959: This Python function checks the last three characters of an input string, and returns it with 'ed' appending to make sure that there is always at
24960: This Python function converts hexadecimal color codes to RGB. If the input string is of length three, it treats each character as one byte
24961: This function takes in the width and heigth of an image as input parameters. It then calculates two values that are used to create smaller images
24962: This Python function returns the values of certain keys from an object.  The returned dictionary contains all these key/value pairs as specified in input parameters,
24963: If the 'field' parameter in function call isn’t provided, return an empty string. – [Your Name] on date/time of
24964: This function returns the result of three times x squared minus one. It's an example Python program that demonstrates how to create and use functions in
24965: This Python function generates possible word complements based on the given text and list of available choices, ignoring case sensitivity to match with input string from user
24966: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value from binary representation. The function takes in one parameter, flags which should be converted to its
24967: Extract the 3rd word from email address. Code is written in Python and it splits an input string into list of substrings based on
24968: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by three. It's used to check if cell numbers are multiples or not in an array
24969: This Python script checks if the given list of nodes forms an undirected cyclic path. It does so by creating all possible arc combinations and checking
24970: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the provided 'elements' and checks if each one of them is present within certain predef
24971: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to d. It uses bitwise shift right operation which is faster than multiplication and division in
24972: Handle the keyword arguments if they exist, otherwise raise an error; handle them accordingly based on whether 'root' is provided as well".  [END
24973: This function takes two parameters, checks whether the first parameter is an assignment operator and returns its value when it's found; otherwise return empty string."""
24974: This Python function calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplies them and raises one to power 'm'. The result is returned.  Code sn
24975: This Python function generates an array of tuples where each tuple contains the value to be used as x and y coordinates respectively when plotting data using
24976: This function returns the rounded value of x. It's used to ensure that all values are integers, which is necessary in many programming languages when dealing
24977: This Python function calculates the total of all even numbers from 1 to N. It starts with an initial value, then adds every second number up
24978: This Python script initializes an array with the same size as 'verts' and assigns each element to be equal, but modified. The assignment
24979: This line of Python script calculates the value at z=3.6 and returns it, which is approximately equal to one fourth part inverted from
24980: This function is used to calculate the difference between two numbers, and then squares that result. If one number's value less than another in comparison returns
24981: Defines an anonymous function to remove all spaces from the inputted strings.  It does so by iterating over each character of given strin and
24982: This line of the Python script converts all uppercase characters in string to lower case and returns it as output, which is then stored into variable '
24983: This Python function calculates the number of integers less than 'n' that are coprime with ‘g’ and have no common factors other
24984: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it contains either of two separators ('/', or '–'), and returns the second part after
24985: Code is set to 'True' if the last two blocks are identical and their second elements differ by ‘+’ one. If not all pairs
24986: This function checks if two numbers are equal modulo 'n'. It does so by checking the remainder of i divided and j. If they're
24987: This Python script is used to convert the 'activated' paths from JSON format into string form, which can be further processed or analyzed by other scripts
24988: This Python script creates an array of boolean values, where each index represents the value at that position. The first element is set to true and all other
24989: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the second part of an URL pattern in one line using regex matching and returns it as output if valid else raises
24990: This function calculates the value of Binomial Coefficient C("k", "n") using recursion. If 'k' is zero
24991: This line of the program converts all characters in 'input_string' to lowercase and removes leading/trailing white spaces using strip(). The
24992: This function returns the nearest multiple of 'divider' that is greater than or equal to rounded number using math library functions ceil and round, then
24993: This Python function converts an arbitrary input into its equivalent json format. It handles different types of objects like dictionary/list and string as well missing values
24994: This script includes the keys from 'fw' and '_', as well any that start with an underscore character into dictionary named "NewDict".
24995: This line of the given Python script generates and returns an array with tuples. Each tuple contains two elements - “i” which is from
24996: This Python script creates an array of rounded values from the input list. The round function is used to make each number within that same indexed value equal
24997: This Python function checks whether the string 'up' or down', returns true when it finds either of these strings, and false otherwise. If neither is
24998: This Python function calculates the number of common genes between two sets. It first converts each set to its corresponding unique elements, then finds their intersection
24999: This script converts DNA sequences into proteins using the RNA to protein translation table. It uses dictionary mapping of Codon and its corresponding Protein
25000: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25001: This function assigns an index to the 'risk' parameter based on its value, which is then used in another part of our program where we
25002: This function converts the input string to lowercase or upper case, depending on whether 'text' is in all capital letters ('True')  and
25003: This function checks if the current object is greater than, equal to ,or less that another. It returns True when it's true and False otherwise
25004: This function checks if the input is an empty, blank line in Python language using OR operator and strip method of python strings library – returns True/
25005: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the intersection of those list's elements using set operations only - no loops or extra data structures
25006: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns dot product between two vectors. The result is calculated by multiplying corresponding elements from both arrays,
25007: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input string starts with "::". If it does, then what is extracted from that part and
25008: This Python function checks if the input string contains either Windows (\R), Unix or Macintosh newline characters. If it does, then returns
25009: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
25010: This Python function converts text to cipher. It uses the Caesar Cypher technique, where each character in input is shifted by 'shift'
25011: This Python script returns all the unique elements from 'w' that are NOT present within our preloaded dictionary of stopwords.  It uses list comprehens
25012: This Python function returns the positive numbers from ‘range’ between 'min' and one. The lambda is used to filter out any number that
25013: This line of the script is creating an array that will be used to run pandocs command with lua filter and input file.  The output from
25014: This Python function checks the length of an input list and returns zero. If it'll be less than two elements long then return zeros as per
25015: This Python function splits the string "s" into three variables based on commas and then trims any leading or trailing whitespace from each
25016: This function checks if the file exists in your current directory or not using Python's builtin 'os'. This is useful when you want
25017: This function takes in an input string and replaces all instances of ' +' with spaces (' ', 1 occurrence), '%3B', or any
25018: This Python function reorders the elements of an array to be sorted. It uses two pointers - one at 0 and another starting from position
25019: This Python script generates an empty list and iterates over the 'kinds' variable, checking if each key of dictionary "config", with corresponding value
25020: This Python script returns the list of names that end with specified extension from given set/list 'fileNames'. The function is case insensitive as it
25021: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
25022: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25023: This Python function parses the input data and returns maximum or minimum value based on 'Quantity Type' parameter which can be either precursor/post
25024: This Python script checks whether the input parameters are valid. If they're invalid it raises an error with appropriate message about what needs to change in order
25025: This Python function takes an input list of strings, and returns the same as dictionary format with keys being set from first occurrence onwards until it encounters
25026: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another map using set operations to avoid duplicates while preserving order of elements as well
25027: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different operations based on that. If it receives an instance where "run" or "-", then spl
25028: Two rectangles are intersecting if their intersection rectangle's width and height is greater than zero. The coordinates of the top left corner in both images
25029: This Python script splits the input string into separate integers by commas, then it converts each of these strings to an integer and stores them as
25030: This Python script calculates the Jaccard similarity between two sets. It first converts each input list to its corresponding 'Set' data structure,
25031: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the given string of comma separated values using epochs as keys to sample architect
25032: If the condition is true, return some value. Otherwise it returns zero or another number depending on conditions and third parameter of function/method call in question
25033: This Python function reverses the binary representation of an integer by continuously dividing it and appending its remainder to list 'reverse_binary'. The
25034: This line of Python script calculates the inverse square root. It takes an input 'scale' and returns one divided by that value minus another constant,
25035: This script checks whether the 'record' dictionary has both properties named as keys, namely “properities” &amp;quot;&#3
25036: This line of the Python script checks whether 'indices' variable has been passed as an integer or it was originally defined in form ['a',
25037: This line of the script creates an empty list called "mostPopulardVideoss". It's used to store video data.  The
25038: This function is used to set the 'minimun should match' parameter in Elasticsearch query. It sets it as an additional condition of more
25039: This line of the Python script converts dB value to linear scale using logarithmic function and returns it as resultant number in decimal form with precision up
25040: This function takes in the movie' name and returns it with all spaces replaced by no space. It also converts to upper case letters using '|
25041: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25042: If the attribute "Param" exists in object named `Request` then return its value else returns none – Code explanation and usage of function/method
25043: This function checks whether the given string starts with certain prefix and returns either part of it or whole thing after that depending on resultant condition in an IF
25044: This function splits the input text into individual word and filters out any article keywords. It then joins these remaining nonarticle keywards back together with spaces
25045: This line of Python script calculates the percentage difference between active and inActive users. It does so by subtracting 'rest' from both, then
25046: This line of Python script returns the same result as its non-"return" counterpart. It filters out any empty strings from 'paragraph' and conver
25047: This Python script reads from the 'Sample' object and determines which of several possible types it belongs to based on its content using mapping information provided by another
25048: This Python function calculates the area under an array of points on two curves using their coordinates and returns it as float value if there is only one point
25049: This Python script splits the input string into four parts using ':' as separator and returns them in that order if they are exactly 4 characters
25050: A function that generates and returns the square of numbers from ‘num’ to 'zero' if it is less than or equal zero. If not
25051: This Python script splits the file path into its components and checks if any of these directories are to be ignored. If so, it returns true;
25052: This function returns the value of an audio signal as per its frequency and volume. The output is in terms that are directly convertible to human hearing levels
25053: This line of the given Python function returns 'Subject:' followed by whatever is stored in variable `subj`.  It's not doing anything
25054: This Python function calculates the checksum of an input number. The check is done by adding up all digits, then doubling each second one
25055: This function takes an image and returns the bounding box coordinates of all objects in that picture.  It uses OpenCV's findContours()
25056: This line of the script is setting 'self' to be equal with its own parameter, which means that it will set itself as whatever variable you pass
25057: This function checks if the given file name starts with '.' character, which is used to denote hidden files in Unix/Linux systems or directories like
25058: This line of the Python script calculates an estimate based on standard deviation and sample size, which is then used to calculate confidence intervals in statistical analysis or
25059: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
25060: If the input language is Python, it returns 'test.p'y'. ElseIf checks other languages like C and its corresponding file extension in
25061: This Python function is used to merge two dictionaries. It iterates over the keys of 'user' dictionary and checks if they exist as key values
25062: This Python script counts the number of occurrences an input "file" has within another list. The result is then printed out to console using print
25063: This Python script checks whether the file or directory exists and returns its name/names based on certain conditions specified by user inputted parameters such as checking files
25064: This function returns the string representation of an user ID. The format is <@{user_id}> ...  [Continue with your explanation
25065: This Python script calculates the product of all odd numbers from 'x' to zero. The modulo operation is performed after each multiplication, ensuring that
25066: If the operation type is 'adamic', and variable key either equals to one of two strings, return parameter shape. Else check other conditions;
25067: This function calculates the average of each column, then averages those results. The result is divided by three to get an overall mean value across all
25068: This function checks if the given 'role' exists within an array of allowed/denied list. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or
25069: This function opens the specified DXF or any other binary files and checks if it's an actual dxffile by trying to open with Python
25070: This Python script generates the connection string to connect with MySQL database.  The details of connecting are provided in variables and separated by '+' sign,
25071: This Python function returns the number of leading spaces in an input string. If there are no trailing characters, it will return zero as well because we
25072: This Python script generates and returns the list of numbers from '1' to ('range', not specified), but only if they are divisible by either
25073: " + key.substring(0, 1).toUpperCase() +  // Summary of the first character in string 'key' is
25074: Generates an empty string of length 'n' with spaces.  This is used to create the HTML entity &amp;#x09;&
25075: This line of the Python script returns only second part from string 's'. It splits given input by '.', and then it selectively picks out
25076: Code calculates the sum of all elements in three lists.  Lists are created by concatenating two other arrays, and then splitting that result into
25077: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
25078: This Python function replaces all hyphens (-), with underscores (_). It is used to convert the string into lowercase.  The original
25079: "A function that takes an array of integers or floats in descending order" (END SUMMARY HERE)."""   # Replace
25080: This Python script splits the input string into two parts based on certain conditions and prints out some lines of information depending upon these condition checks in one single
25081: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplies them by an exponent and returns that result.  The input parameters are 'A' &
25082: This function takes three parameters and returns the concatenated string in one line. The first two are source ids, while third is output format which can
25083: If the string '/' is found within 'path', it returns just file name from given directory, else return full input as filename or foldername depending
25084: This function concatenates the string representation of 'Card' object with its numerical value, zero filled to make it 3 digits long. For example
25085: This Python function sorts the absolute values of an inputted integer array, then calculates and returns their sum as 3 digits. The first digit
25086: Returns the value of an attribute in dictionary based on its type and name.  If not found, it returns None by default or can be set to
25087: If the types of 'a' & ‘type’ are not equal or both instances belong to different classes then return false. Else check whether
25088: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an audio signal' speed. The beat value represents how many beats per minute, while 'F
25089: This Python script checks the name of an inputted filename, returning true or false based on whether it matches certain conditions specified in its logic block –
25090: This function returns the two elements in descending order based on their values. If page size 0 is less than another, it will return that as
25091: This Python script calculates the probability of an event that is not likely to occur. It uses statistical methods and list comprehension features from python's
25092: This Python function converts sizes from one unit to another using the provided dictionary of conversions and checks if input is longer than three characters long before performing
25093: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two angles and then returns minimum of that value with respect to total possible angle. The result is in degrees
25094: Creates an empty list, assigns the current line number to identifier variable and checks if length of second element in tuple is less than two. If
25095: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25096: This function checks if the value is present as key of dictionary and returns its corresponding values from nested dicts or default to return zero when not found else
25097: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an input list 'n' and returns it as output, where each element is multiplied by its corresponding
25098: This function converts the number of pixel values to EMUs. The conversion factor is 1 Pixel=0,37648 E
25099: If target direction is WEST from North, then turn right; else return left or straight depending on the current position in north/west – N
25100: This function checks if the attribute string starts with search str, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it matches in any way to 'attr' and
25101: This function returns the string 'multiLambda.' concatenated with an input parameter, which is assumed to be of type zip. The result will always end
25102: This Python function splits the inputted text into separate word strings based on underscores and then joins them together with an uppercased version of
25103: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
25104: This python function will return the square of an integer. It starts with 'n' and increments it until its value is greater than or equal to
25105: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'jobs' variable, checking if each element contains string value of key word ("
25106: Assert that both variances are positive. If not then throw an error message stating the reason why they're negative and what to do next in terms
25107: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an energy difference between two sets. The function takes three parameters, which are all defined elsewhere in
25108: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value from uid after shifting its bits to right by 72 positions. The shift operation
25109: This Python function checks whether the given number is an integer that can be expressed as sum of three consecutive integers starting from zero. If it's true
25110: This function calculates the maximum recursion level of nested lists or tuples. It uses Python's builtin `isinstanc` and
25111: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an integer value. The function takes two integers as input, 'start' &amp;
25112: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is equal to one less than its square root, rounded down using floor function from
25113: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25114: This function subtracts the sum of two numbers from their difference. It returns one number, which is always "9". The input parameters are '
25115: If 'type' of both input parameters are not equal or one parameter isn’t numeric then it raises an error message "Source degree & Target
25116: This function merges dictionaries from different lists into one using the concept of recursion and iteration over keys/values pairs within each list to merge them
25117: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with tuple pairs of indices from the input array 'rows'. The purpose is to create index
25118: This Python function subtracts each element of the second list from its corresponding value on first. The final output is returned as 'one'. –
25119: Replace underscores (_), replace them by &LowBar;" 	""  	}""".strip()(END OF CODE B
25120: This Python function checks the type of 'input' variable to see whether it’s an integer or floating point number; If so then returns that value
25121: This Python function takes in the data of an entity that has hit dice and calculates its total damage based on average roll result with optional bonuses from
25122: This Python script retrieves the number of times an item is retrieved and its relevancy score. It then calculates both these two metrics to
25123: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the number is zero, it returns '[ ]'. Else when value of ```
25124: This Python function takes in the filename and returns its extension. If an exception occurs, it prints out that error message instead of crashing with unhand
25125: This line of Python script converts the provided points to inches, given that 1 point = 0 .36 inch in standard units and one foot
25126: This Python function returns one of three values depending on the input. If 'n' is greater than zero, it will return "1". Else
25127: This function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It does so by adding up each element and then dividing that total with
25128: Calculates the average f1 score of three different classes in an object. 	Inputs -> Dictionary with keys "class", and values as
25129: If the number is less than 10, it returns that same value. Otherwise -> Returns "Not enough data" string as default message in
25130: This line of Python script adds two numbers together. The result is then returned by the function as output, which can be used elsewhere in your program or
25131: This function splits the URL into its domain and subdomain parts, returning them as separate strings in order of their position within array/list returned by
25132: This Python function takes as input the list of numbers and returns another one with only those elements that are integers or floats from original ones if they exist
25133: This function takes as input the 'statistics' dictionary and an optional "prefixed string". If no prefixer is provided, it simply returns these
25134: Code is returning the value of variable 'a' in Python. The function takes two arguments, adds them together and returns that result as well which was
25135: If the data is numeric, it returns False. Else -> True  [1 line]   Code snippet only one statement and
25136: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three variables. The result is returned as n^(log_e[base]). Here
25137: This function takes in the string `"` and replaces all occurrences of \r\ns (\ln), tabs(\tt)\ or double
25138: Convert all the input to lowercase, check if any of these phrases are present within that string and return true or false accordingly based on whether they exist
25139: This Python function checks the value of 'sk' and returns zero, unless it is positive. If negative then return its absolute modulus with "skip
25140: This script creates an output dictionary from the given input data where each key is unique and corresponds to its position within 'c' object array of another class
25141: This Python function calculates the percentage of 'A's and '% Counter in sequence, rounded to 3 decimal places.'      Code
25142: This Python script checks whether the first character of input is double quote ("") or last one. If it's either, then adds two quotes around
25143: This script checks the length of 'datasets' and returns an error message (-1). It also verifies that each element is either A or
25144: This line of the given C# function returns an unsigned byte. The value is calculated by shifting bits to right and masking with three bitwise AND
25145: This function takes an input string, splits it into individual names using "_", and then capitalizes the first letter of each one with title(). It
25146: This line of the Python script replaces all commas in 'mkot' with spaces, which is used to separate options when running an external command
25147: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25148: Splits the given string into two parts based on brackets and returns them as tuples with additional information about each part's properties like
25149: This function returns the ids of meetings and persons.  The input is two parameters - 'Meetings' object with properties ['name', ...
25150: Code converts an integer to its Roman numeral equivalent. ...(continued...) ...  1048 -> "MCMX
25151: This function returns the US Airways station identifier as string. It is composed of USAF and WBAN codes separated by hyphen symbol (-
25152: A function that returns an object with the comment "code" and its corresponding string as key. The default behavior is to just add comments in JSON format
25153: This Python script splits the input string by "tab" character and converts it to an integer, then returns that number as output."
25154: This Python script reads from the file and appends each newline character to an output string. If there is no such error it will return that all
25155: This Python script splits the input "string" into key/values and stores them as dictionary elements with keys being integer values from 'pairs'.
25156: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 'even' to console. The event is an object that represents some kind or activity, and
25157: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level using recursion and type checking to ensure only elements of the same data
25158: This function returns the string 'welcome' if it is called with an argument of 1, otherwise nothing. It was written by [Your Name
25159: This function checks if the input number is even or odd. If it's an Even numeral then returns half of that value else adds one to
25160: This Python script uses the builtin functions to convert all inputted 'name' strings into their corresponding formatting in which they are converted and sorted as
25161: This function returns the cost of an item based on its size. If it's less than or equal to three, then $6 per unit;
25162: This function calculates the coordinates of an object within its bounding rectangle. The parameters are used to calculate these values based on how far away from their
25163: This function converts HTML special characters to their corresponding entities. It does so by iterating over each of the input's individual ASCII values,
25164: This line of the given Python script converts an input value in GB to thousands by dividing it with another number, which is then returned as output
25165: This block of Python script checks whether the 'mode' is either ":'traiN" or "'TrainVal". If it does, then
25166: This function takes in the name of an ISO 639 language or country, and returns its lowercase version with underscores replaced by hyp
25167: This function returns the path to HISTORIES directory in given project.  It uses 'join' and concatenation operator ('+') with input
25168: This function returns zero when the input is either of [(p==), or {return}], otherwise, it will return one and two in certain
25169: This function checks if the current object has an attribute named 'PARSE' or its parent class contains method called ATTACH. If both conditions are
25170: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'x' and its type are both integers or none at all; otherwise it raises error message with appropriate argument
25171: This Python function takes an input string of names, and replaces the first letter with uppercase if it is not already capitalized or lowercased
25172: This function calculates the power modulo of 'k' using Python built in pow() and % operator with three arguments as input parameters to calculate Power
25173: This Python function generates an alphabetical sequence based on the input number ```N``` and returns it as one line string in reverse order of its
25174: "{code}" -> Description:"This function returns the sum of all elements in an array.") (END SUMMARY)(CODE_B
25175: This Python script is designed to extract the positions of two taxis in an array 'states'. The first and second elements are taken from each state.
25176: This Python function returns the string passed to it, but with color codes. It uses escape sequences in order display colors on console output using ANSI
25177: This function takes an integer value and the number of desired digited to be filled in front. It returns string representation with zeros padded on left
25178: This Python function checks whether the input variables are both integers. If they do not meet these conditions it will return an error message otherwise returns their division result
25179: This Python function splits the input string into two pieces using "of" as separator and returns them in integer format if possible, otherwise it will
25180: This line of the program checks whether there are any sensors with errors. If so, it returns an appropriate message; otherwise just says that no one is
25181: This function calculates and returns how much water is contained in one molecule or atom, given its atomic number n_atoms(int),
25182: This function prints the server name and an id of any type. It also has some additional parameters to track when it was created or last updated respectively which
25183: This line of the script attempts to extract text from an object's source field. If it fails, or if there is no such attribute in that
25184: This function calculates the value of an equation based on input x. The result is returned as Int_60 in Python, which means it'
25185: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25186: This Python script calculates the total 'weigh' of an object by taking into account its different measurements and their corresponding weights based on some known values
25187: This Python function checks if the given stream object has an associated terminal or console. It does so by trying to call `is_terminal` method on
25188: This function returns the smallest value between two given values. It also ensures that any returned result is within an inclusive range of 'min' and ‘
25189: This Python script checks the current state of an object's energy source and returns its status. “Running” means that it is powered on,
25190: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25191: Checks whether the given number is even or odd. If it's divisible by 4, return "Even" else returns 'Odd
25192: Create an object from the given dictionary.  The keys are "object" and its value is another dict with other properties of that kind, like api
25193: This Python function splits the input string 'S' into separate strings based on '-', converts each of these to lowercase, and then joins
25194: If the value of 'rho' is zero, it returns one. Otherwise - in case that both conditions are not met and only then checks whether or
25195: This Python function generates the binary representation of an array. The input is represented as string 'representation'. Each character represents either "-" or "."
25196: This function calculates the four outputs based on an input 'age' and returns them as integers in Python using bitwise operations to ensure they fit within
25197: This function tries to convert an object into float. If it's possible, the conversion is successful and returns 'True'. Otherwise,'False', indicating
25198: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' object as tuples. If it does not meet that condition then only returns one value
25199: This line of the Python script is used to remove trailing slash from path if it exists, otherwise return original value as there's no need
25200: "Checks whether there are any nonzero quantities present.""".strip()SUMMARY='''\nCODE:\t\"""#
25201: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same as it is. It simply copies all characters from one given String to another, without
25202: This Python script calculates the sum of all positive charges from an input list, named 'Charges'. The result is stored as ‘Res
25203: This Python function replaces the first occurrence of tabs in each string with 'spc' times number_of characters long, where spacing is defined
25204: This function calculates the z score, which is used in many statistical tests. The formula given here returns x minus its average and then divided by standard
25205: If the group list exists then find groups with tags that contain source_{groupId}. Sort them by their creation date.  The function returns one of these
25206: This function checks the last digit of an integer and returns its ordinal suffix. For example it will say '7 st', not just simply saying that
25207: This Python script creates three lists. The first two are created by using the zip function to combine elements from arr and label into pairs; then they'
25208: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25209: This function calculates the distances between three points in an equilateral triangle. The result is rounded to nearest whole number, as it's not
25210: This function calculates the value of y = ax^2+bx+c. It takes three parameters, 'a', and returns their product as
25211: This script converts the 'column data' into two dictionaries where keys are unique identifiers and values represent their corresponding names from another dictionary or table
25212: This function calculates the total of all units. It uses Python's builtin 'sum', list comprehension and range functions to achieve its goal
25213: This script splits the given string by '.' and takes last part of it, then further splitting that into two parts using '_' as separator
25214: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an array with frequency values based on number allelses in each row, which is then
25215: This function checks if all characters of the string are digits using Python's builtin is_method and returns True or False accordingly based on that
25216: This function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns whether or not that point is
25217: This Python function calculates the length of shorted string among all given strings. It compares each one with our hypothesis's and returns which has
25218: This line of the given Python script checks if two objects are equal. If they're both instances or one is an instance, it returns True only
25219: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two variables. The result is then returned by function call, which can be used in further calculations or
25220: This Python script takes an input dictionary and returns the values of its key as lists if they are present within another data structure like 'list'. If not
25221: This Python function returns the number of trailing zeros in binary representation. It works by counting how many times we can divide n with power(of
25222: This function returns the string 'field' concatenated with '_c'.  It is used to create unique identifiers. The prefix "_" signifies
25223: If the value of 'a' is zero, it returns zeros. This condition checks whether or not to perform any operation based on what we know
25224: This function filters out the list of sentence by length and joins them back into string with space in between each word using Python' builtin functions like l
25225: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25226: This Python function checks whether the input is nonnegative. If it's not, then returns an empty string; otherwise return ''.  The check
25227: This Python script reverses the sequence of characters by using indexing and slicicing to get previous character from each element, then concatenates them into one
25228: This function applies the given 'function' to each element of an input list. The result is returned as another output, which can be used elsewhere or
25229: This Python function concatenates three strings. The first two are the input, and then adds in between them with 'result' variable which is returned as
25230: This function takes two strings as input and returns the maximum length between them. It then doubles that value to give an output of how much larger one
25231: This function splits the input string into two parts at each comma and space, then returns third part of split result if it exists else return an empty
25232: Code reads two data files, compares them and returns true if they are equal within tolerance. If one of the file doesnt exist or their sizes
25233: Print the number of specificed sorted field and list them out if any were provided in 'SortFields' parameter, else do nothing or return an empty
25234: If the input is either 'value' equals to “[‘1’, true/t]” or [`FALSE_VALUE = false
25235: This function calculates the index of an element in two dimensions array. The input parameters are m and n which represent number rows/columns respectively; return
25236: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an output which is then squ
25237: This line of the given C++ program multiplies two vectors by their corresponding elements and sums them up.  The result is returned as an output from
25238: This Python script reads an input string, strips the trailing whitespace characters and converts each pair of hexadecimal digits to its corresponding
25239: This Python script generates three rows of the matrix form. The first two are given by equations in terms with x and y as variables while z is constant
25240: This line of the Python function returns an input value subtracted by nine. It's essentially rotating or flipping around at right angles to get back
25241: This function returns the last part of an object URL, which is typically used to get file names or identifiers in distributed systems like Amazon S3 and
25242: This Python function checks whether the difference between two amounts is positive or not. If it's greater than 1 then return both values else returns only
25243: This Python script checks whether the primary DNS Server exists within an input dictionary and retrieves it's hostname & Port number from that connection object or
25244: This script normalizes the parameters of an object by subtracting their minimum and dividing them into range [0, √(n)] where
25245: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, return zero; otherwise it returns its original numerical values as output from function "return_original".
25246: If the input is greater than or equal to 'red' threshold, return "1", else check whether it falls below yelloow threash
25247: This function takes two parameters, character and effector name. It returns the concatenation of these 3 parts separated by an underscore (_). The
25248: This Python function checks whether the input 'x' is less than or equal to zero. If it isn’t, then returns "zero". Otherwise
25249: This Python script splits the string "compute node" into three parts and returns fourth part of it, which is 'columns'.  If there are
25250: This function checks if there are exactly three zeros among the elements of list 'a'. If so, it returns true; otherwise false.  The
25251: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents one pixel's width in pixels. The values are obtained from 'b
25252: This Python function checks the type of 'input' parameter to determine its size in bytes or rounds it down based on different conditions/cases as per requirements
25253: This Python function calculates the value of 'G' based on two parameters, which are assumed to be probabilities. The formula used is derived from an
25254: This function returns the third element of an environment variable, which is usually used to pass command line arguments when running unit tests on CI environments like Jenkins
25255: If there are any comment lines in the input file. Otherwise return an empty list of "return" statements and one line with no content to indicate that
25256: If the variable 'x' is  zero, it returns string value of that. Else nothing or error message will be returned as per requirement in
25257: This function checks if there is at least one message that starts with the given prefix and returns True or False accordingly based on whether such an existing key exists
25258: If the database password isn't set, it will connect to MySQL server using default credentials. Otherwise，it uses provided username and port number with given
25259: This script calculates the size of each range and stores it into an array named 'sizes'. The function takes as input two lists, one with
25260: This function returns the directory name of file located at 'fileLocation'.  It uses Python's built in pathlib module to get and manipulate
25261: This function counts the number of 'o', "r" and ‘v’ in an input string by using Python's builtin count()
25262: This line of the given Python script is returning concatenated string with "stub['firmware']['sysname']", "'-"', and “
25263: This Python function converts an unsigned integer to its binary representation in the format of x.y.z, where each part is represented by one byte
25264: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns only last part of it, which is usually considered as 'Network Name'.  It'
25265: This function checks whether the input string is empty or not, and returns an equivalent lowercase version of it without spaces nor underscores in between them
25266: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first two are multiplied by each other, and then divided with another parameter
25267: This line of Python script filters out the third element in each tuple from 'healthchecks' output. The tuples are assumed to be ordered
25268: Checks if the values of two variables are within certain conditions. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned based on these specific rules
25269: This line of the function returns whether or not two entries in an array have similar weights. The weight difference is less than 0, and therefore they
25270: This function calculates the average length of all tokenized sentences in an input text. It uses Python's builtin map and reduce functions to calculate
25271: This line of the program splits each word in 'sentence' into its own element and stores them as individual elements within an array called "words
25272: Checks whether the "zone" parameter is provided and nonempty. If it's absent or emptied, raises an error with message '
25273: This line of the given C++ function is creating an ID by combining two parts. The first part, '(int)(', converts ne_
25274: This Python script checks whether the given URL contains either ':' or '.', and modifies it accordingly, depending on its content type - GitHub repository
25275: This line of the given Python script is using lookahead assertion to match any string that starts with 'pattern' and ends after it.  It
25276: If the two lines are parallel, return false. Otherwise calculate their intersection point using linear equation method; otherwise check whether they intersect at all by comparing coordinates
25277: This function checks if the input number is an integer and its length matches with provided can. If not, it returns false; otherwise true or exception handling
25278: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25279: This Python script creates and returns the same list as input 'l'. It is essentially copying all elements of given array to another new one, creating its
25280: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of named entity chunks. For each chunk, it adds to our output dict
25281: This line of the given Python script is finding and returning part from string if it finds "[" in that particular position, else returns an empty String which
25282: This function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle given its bases and heights. The formula used here to calculate it's one line
25283: This function is used to retrieve the bit at specific 'position' in binary representation of an integer. It uses recursion and shifts operations as it tra
25284: This function checks if any of the given 'data' keys are present within our list "evaluationMetrics". If they do exist it returns True and
25285: This function takes as input an object bounding box in the form of four points and returns its minimum X & Y coordinates along with maximum.  The
25286: This Python function is used to determine the specific kind of detectors based on their unique identifier. The input dictionary 'meta' contains information about different types
25287: This Python script uses the 'os' module to check whether an environment variable named DISPLAY is set, and then opens up amixeer
25288: This Python function takes an IP address as input and returns the first four bytes of it in decimal format. The operation is performed using bitwise shift operators
25289: This line of Python script calculates the number 'rounded' to be between zero and equal or greater than "number_of_" successful draws.
25290: Returns True if the last character of 'device' is digit, else False.  This function checks whether or not an input string ends with any dig
25291: If no arguments are provided it returns an empty dictionary. Else checks the first parameter and assigns its value to "arg". Then based on that
25292: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one with maximum
25293: This Python function returns the number of times that '0' and/or ‘one’ appear consecutively within two lists. It compares each
25294: Checks if two lists are the same. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – one line solution in Python using logical operators
25295: This function calculates the value of an element in array using its index, but it uses ‘(1−A)/B’ instead to avoid
25296: This function checks whether two strings can become mappings by replacing one character with another. If the lengths do match and all characters have been replaced correctly then
25297: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
25298: This script removes certain specific fields from the given dictionary 'Data'. The function pop() is used to remove these specified field names and returns updated Data object
25299: This Python script creates an object that stores the count of each label present within given list 'label'. The labels are stored as keys and their corresponding values
25300: This function calculates the number of blocks needed to fit all elements in an array. It takes into account that each element is divided by 'block size
25301: This line of the script is matching version numbers in tags. It checks if they start with "V". If not, it returns them as are;
25302: This Python script creates an ordered dictionary of word frequencies, then sorts the keys by their frequency and returns True if at least three times as many unique terms
25303: This function calculates the Universal Factor of Protection based on parameters. The universal factor is calculated as ((Kexório*Sexe+ K
25304: If there are no artist objects in the list then return an empty string else sort and join all names of these sorted by their name with spaces between them
25305: This Python function takes an arbitrary number of arguments, splits them into key/value pairs and stores the values to dictionary 'dict' if they are
25306: This line of the given Python script is converting an input string to lowercase, then splitting it into individual characters and joining them with underscores (_
25307: The function returns the dictionary with status as 'Success', success set to true and voter device id is of string type. 10/3
25308: This line of the function checks if all previous elements in 'anno' list are equal to current element. If yes, it returns True; otherwise
25309: This Python function takes an array of commands as input, and if the argument contains spaces it wraps that space within double quotes to make them valid shell
25310: This Python script is splitting the string 'myStr' into separate elements based on commas, and then removing any leading plus signs from each element if
25311: This function calculates the ratio of green to total color in RGB. It's used as an indicator that how much is being displayed on screen or
25312: This function checks whether the current cell is at one of two corners, returning true in such cases and false otherwise.  The corner cells are identified by
25313: This Python function checks whether the input 'FourCC' value can be converted to an Integer. If it cannot convert then raises and error message "Cannot
25314: This function returns the path to an example file with given extension. The returned string is in format '<directory>./path_to_.py'.
25315: This Python function takes three elements from an array 'point' and returns them in the format of string. The first two are taken as coordinates on
25316: This Python script uses list comprehension to extract the second element from each tuple present within 'tagged sentence'. The result is returned as an array of
25317: This function calculates the edit distance between two strings. It uses recursion to calculate and returns an integer value representing how different these characters are in terms
25318: Checks if the given filename has an expected extension.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message is returned with status of operation
25319: If the value of 'Q' is greater than or equal to  £, return an approximate percentage based on some formulae; otherwise it returns another
25320: This line of the given Python script is used to remove all characters from both ends in 'text' variable. The resultant string will be stored back
25321: This function checks the conditions to return different values based on input parameters, with some exceptions handled by returning 'None' in case of invalid inputs or no
25322: This Python script creates an empty array and adds each sublist from the given 'input' to it. The result is then returned as one long sequence
25323: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the specified number system. The default is 16 if not provided otherwise it will convert into
25324: This function checks if the dictionary contains an entry with specific value. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there is such
25325: This line checks whether the input 'flag' variable has been assigned to an actual type that can be treated as strings in Python or JavaScript; otherwise it
25326: This function returns the sentiment of an inputted number as either 'positive', '-negative' or ‘neutural’ based on its value within range
25327: This Python function compares two strings character by char. It returns the index of first nonmatching characters in both input string, if they are equal
25328: This function takes in an input 'matrix' and returns the second column of that given ‘row’. The result is then mapped to all rows
25329: If there are no more elements to swap in the list then it returns starting element. Else checks whether current and next values match or not; when
25330: This function returns the time it takes to complete one task based on whether or not there is an input in binary format. If 0, then return
25331: This function checks whether the given string starts with "Status" and/or 'Resolution' in any case, returning `None` otherwise; else
25332: This Python function calculates the determinant of 3 by using matrix form. The input is two points and one point on these lines which are used
25333: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements multiplied by their indices minus one using an iterative approach with list comprehension and builtin function
25334: This line of the Python script checks if an operation is performed on memory. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True or None depending
25335: This function returns the list of browser related tags from given 'labels' using lambda and Python built in functions like startwith() to check if each
25336: Returns the values of two variables in reversed order.  Code is written to reverse an input tuple and convert it into another format that can be used
25337: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25338: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25339: This function checks if all elements of the given list are integers and/or floats. If any element isn't an integer nor floating point number
25340: This line of the given Python script returns only those elements from 'timepoints' list that are not empty strings or whitespace characters using List Compre
25341: This line of Python script adds two clusters together.  It's essentially adding the results from each individual clustering algorithm to get their combined output, which
25342: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25343: Checks if both _a and b are not equal to zero. If so, returns true; otherwise false – Code snippet of the
25344: Code converts the input string to all lowecase and checks if it is one of four predefined responses. If yes, returns True;
25345: This function subtracts two numbers. It takes in 3 parameters, 'x' and the other one being "y". The result is then
25346: This line of the Python source is used to get and store only one element from each list returned by split function in python, which will be 'return
25347: This function checks whether the given 'dense' indices are present within an input dictionary. If they aren’t it returns false; otherwise true
25348: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and performs different operations based on it. If input has integer value then adds ‘+’ one
25349: This Python function splits the input string into two numbers using '-' as separator and generates an array of integers from 'start to end'. If
25350: This script cleans the list of entities that have been found to be matches. It also counts how many such entries are present and stores them into 'clean
25351: This Python script calculates the product of all odd numbers from 'n' to zero. The variable "x" is used as multiplier in each
25352: This python script is used to find the last bits of all numbers from zero upto n. The resultant dictionary will have keys as number and values
25353: This line of the Python function returns an array with three elements, each calculated by subtracting one element from another. The first two are simply u and
25354: This line of Python script is creating an output dictionary with the first element from 'next' iterator and its corresponding value. The variable "attention"
25355: This function looks up characters from the input string 'text' and replaces them with corresponding character found at position modulo of index plus one. The
25356: This script uses the '{}' command to enter an already running process with specific flags. The options used are related directly from Python, but they were
25357: This function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list joined by spaces.  The result is then printed to console using print() method
25358: This line of Python function returns the input string with trailing whitespace removed using rstrp().  It's an efficient way to remove any
25359: This Python function calculates the ratio of two masses, which are given as input parameters and returns their average value in each case after dividing by
25360: If the size of an object exceeds its maximum limit, it will return that value. Otherwise returns 'factor'.  This function checks whether given number `
25361: This is the first line of Python function that returns “rew” which always equals to zero. The rest lines are just comments and do nothing with
25362: If the function aliasing feature has not been enabled, return false. Otherwise check all names of existing functions and see whether they match with "default"
25363: This function takes three inputs and returns their product plus some constant value which is calculated by multiplying them together with an additional term added to it in order
25364: This script generates the list of actions that have been visited during execution, which is used to determine whether an infinite loop has occurred or if there are any
25365: This line of the given Python script is fetching and returning value from "pkg.json" file's 'source repository'.  The variable name
25366: This Python function compares two lists and returns the elements that are different between them as tuples of values from each list respectively if they exist at
25367: This function calculates the sum of all digits in an integer using recursion. If 'N' is equal to one, it returns N itself
25368: This Python script counts the number of periods and commas found within an input string. It ignores any other characters, effectively counting only base pairs that
25369: This Python script sorts the given 'timeline' list of tuples by time slot number and schedules them into one or more slots based on
25370: This function calculates the value of an object's surface area using its radius, length and width. The formula used is Surface Area = 4
25371: If the input 'Term' isn’t defined or it has an integer value then return true. Else check whether its of dictionary format; otherwise
25372: This function filters out objects from the list 'olenista' based on their attribute value of "field". The filtered result is stored into another new array
25373: This function checks if there is any element that exists both lists. If such an existent pair of elements are found, it returns the first one encountered
25374: This function checks whether the given input is equal to an expected value. If it's true, then returns 'True', otherwise - return false or
25375: This Python function calculates the number of months it takes to reach an event weight from zero. The initial value is subtracted by four, and then
25376: This function calculates the value of an integer using three different coefficients. The first coefficient is 'delt' and it multiplies with two other variables
25377: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two 3D points using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result, which is essentially
25378: If the number is positive, returns its absolute value as an integer. Otherwise it will negates and convert to negative sign before returning –string of
25379: This Python function returns the string corresponding to an integer input. If no match is found, it defaults back into 'undefined'.  The conditions are checked
25380: If the 'template' variable does not exist, return none and remove all occurrences of "{{{" &  }}" in string using Python
25381: This function checks the type of an object and returns its plural form based on whether it is 'scalating policy' or not, otherwise just appending
25382: This program counts the number of leading zeros in binary representation. It does so by shifting and checking each bit until it finds one that is not set
25383: This Python function splits the input string into three or two segments based on 'plus' character and returns them in format of one line if possible,
25384: This line of Python script adds the values stored in variables 'a' and ‘b’, then stores that sum into variable "c". The
25385: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between three points in 4D space. The distances are calculated as squared differences from each other and
25386: Create an empty dictionary and iteratively add elements to it, checking if the key already exists before adding; If so use that value instead of creating new
25387: This function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers. It does so by subtracting each element in 'y' from its corresponding
25388: This Python function attempts to convert the input into either an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then returns as is i
25389: This Python script splits the given string into parts, removes one part at both ends and then joins all other elements with an underscore as separator
25390: If the names in two clauses are identical, return one of them. Otherwise if they're not both 0 length or only have single element then
25391: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings and then joins them back together with newline characters in between each of these separated parts,
25392: This function checks whether the given value ```is_not``` exists as either key or alias, and raises an error message with all possible keys/
25393: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their sum. The first element of the output is obtained by adding corresponding elements from both inputs, while second
25394: This Python script flattens the nested lists into one single, linearized version of their elements using simple iteration and appending to an empty array/
25395: This function takes an integer as input and returns it padded with zeros to the left until its length is 4. If you pass in any
25396: If the input is either one or two, it returns '1'. Otherwise nothing. This function checks whether an integer value equals to "one" and
25397: This script attempts to access global variables in 'test' module and returns them if they exist; otherwise it imports Python Warnig system with an
25398: This function returns the minimum of 'min' and its arguments. If condition is met it will return either value or original one depending on which conditions are
25399: This line of the program converts all characters in variable 'X' to lowercase and splits it into list, then returns first character from that
25400: This Python function converts string inputs into boolean values based on two predefined sets of strings, one representing true and the other false conditions; if
25401: This line of the Python script is replacing all occurrences in "f" variable with "_STARS_" and adding . fits extension to it
25402: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements multiplied by an exponent. The result is returned as 'output'.  It uses two loops to
25403: This function replaces all dots in the input string with hyphens, resulting an output that is more human readable and easier to work on as URL
25404: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25405: This line of the given C program is creating tuples from an unsigned 3 byte integer. The first element in each tuple represents half bytes and
25406: This function calculates the "remainder" of division by an 'alignment'. If it's zero then returns original number. Otherwise return
25407: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the given string against an expected pattern and extracts two groups from that matching - one corresponding with bucket' names
25408: This function calculates the average of min and max x coordinates in bounding box. It's used to center an object around its current position or
25409: This function takes an integer as input and returns the right most ‘zero bit’ in its binary representation. It does so by using Bitwise AND
25410: Checks whether the value of 'depth' is within valid range. If it isn’t, raises an error with message "Depth out Of Range
25411: This function checks if two sets have the same size, then compares their intersection to see whether they are equal in length or not; it returns True
25412: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given time values to find overlapping periods of increasing or decreasing value and appends them
25413: This Python function calculates the mean of two variables. The first variable is calculated as m(x), and second one - "mean" which we
25414: This Python function converts byte values to human readable format using the SI prefixes ie., KB =  Kilobytes , MB=
25415: This Python script generates prime numbers up to the given 'upper' value and counts how many times each of these factors appear as part or all other elements
25416: Creates an empty list, then iterates over each item from the 'specification' dictionary. For every iteration it creates another dict to store information
25417: This Python function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. It starts with 0 and increases by one each time until it
25418: This Python function checks the value of 'Preciseness' and returns it in different formats based on its values, with some conditions to return specific format
25419: Replace all occurrences of 'zz' with the string !!!!!.  This is done in place and returns modified data as String type using
25420: This line of the given Python script splits an 'image' string by '/', then takes only last part and further split it again to get just
25421: This python function calculates the fourth root of each number in an input list. The calculation is done by squaring and then taking fourth roots,
25422: Checks whether the input `delay``is either an integer or floating point number. If it's neither of these two types - prints out error
25423: This function returns the file URL of an inputted string. It takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be 'path', and it simply pre
25424: This function returns the list of objects where third element isn't null. If no such object exists, it will return an empty array instead and print
25425: This Python script calculates the factorial of an input number. The function takes as its argument one integer and returns another value which is also returned by
25426: This line of the given Python script counts and returns how many digits are in n. It does so by converting `str` to list, filtering
25427: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25428: This function checks whether the given integer is within valid range. 0 to +/-  1,49 and returns true or false accordingly based on
25429: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the first parameter repeated as many times equal to its second argument followed by three spaces
25430: This Python script is used to convert the class names of objects into their corresponding one line summaries, which are then converted back from lower case and returned
25431: This line of the script is used to set verbosity level. It's currently at 0, meaning it doesn’t print anything when run
25432: This function returns three times the input value, but only when that number is greater than thrice. Otherwise it just return zeroes in Python programming language
25433: This Python script converts the number of hours into minutes and seconds. It does so by first converting all angles to their equivalent in terms per second,
25434: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value as is; otherwise converts and return converted
25435: This Python script performs bitwise operations on the integer variable 'ix'. The operation is performed in such way that it shifts bits to right and multiplies
25436: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - continues to do something else. This function checks whether an integer has
25437: This function takes an input of 'off' which can either represent the coordinates in one dimension only ('one_dim') as well. If it represents
25438: This function takes three arguments and returns the first 'x' elements of list in reverse order. If index is less than or equal to  zero it
25439: If 'restrict' parameter isn’t provided, it returns an empty list. Otherwise checks each element of the input ‘case_list', and
25440: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two numbers and their percentage. The result is calculated as "a" plus ((value from
25441: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" or not. If it does then return that object as such otherwise convert
25442: This function converts the given input in seconds to its equivalent value of "HH.MM" format using Python programming language, if it's less
25443: This function takes an input string and returns the substring of that sentence starting from index 0 to n where it finds first occurrence ('a') or
25444: This function is used to add the selected heater pump into specificed tech use.  It iterates over all available technologies, and if it doesn
25445: This function takes an array of categories and returns them as parentheses enclosed by commas, with each category repeated the number specified times within br
25446: If the variable 'need_new_kb' is equal to string value of yes, it assigns that as our branch name. Else we
25447: This function calculates the result of multiplying num columns by 'x' and adding it to an additional constant, which is stored in variable `y
25448: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of string'. If it does not meet that condition then replaces all single quotes with double ones in
25449: This function flattens an inputted 3D numpy.ndarry and returns the unique elements in it as lists, sorted by their frequency
25450: This function checks if an input is either 'hisp' and returns true, else it will return false.  It also handles the case where there
25451: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find common divisors of two numbers. It uses recursion and modulo operation, which is an
25452: A function that returns dictionary with status and content. (Note the use of 'D' in front to indicate it is Pythonic way.)
25453: This function calculates the maximum possible distance between two intervals. It takes as input 4 points and returns one number that represents how far apart they are
25454: If the list is empty it returns an empyt array and then creates another one with all elements that match their key from original input 'list'
25455: This function checks if all required fields are present. If any of the requirements is missing, it returns false and stops further execution; otherwise return true after
25456: If the first character of mono_mical string, it checks whether that's digit or not and returns an empty list in such case;
25457: This Python function takes as input an string of comma separated numbers, and returns the same list but with each number converted to its integer equivalent if possible;
25458: This line of the given Python script returns how many keys are in dictionary G, which is equivalent to returning its size or length as it's essentially
25459: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the difference between corresponding elements of these inputs. The only requirement is that both list should have same length
25460: This Python script returns the dictionary of packages that are present on your system and have been previously downloaded by user from an external source or package manager like pip
25461: This function evaluates the given Python script and returns its results as tuples. The 'globals()' is used to access global variables in
25462: This function calculates the number of bands in an image. If it's not divisible by four, then adds extra to make up and if
25463: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25464: This function takes in four lists of numbers and returns the summed values as per given conditions. 4th value is calculated by adding first two elements
25465: This Python script copies the given dictionary and creates another one with only unique key/value pairs from original dictonary." (v is not
25466: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25467: This Python function checks whether the variable 'experiment' exists. If it does, then returns an string that includes its name and max model size;
25468: This function calculates the longest common subsequence between two strings using dynamic programming. If either string is empty it returns zero as there're no possible
25469: This Python function generates the list of states that are not equal to 's' from an input dictionary, which is assumed as "adj". The
25470: This function adds an extra small number to the input value, then subtracts it from another constant. The result is rounded off and returned as output
25471: This Python function converts the given 'power' in watthours to kilowatths based on an input dictionary of conversion factors and returns it
25472: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one value, which is 'sij' in our case. The calculation involves dividing two
25473: This function calculates the difference between two lists' lengths and then divides it by max length plus some small number to avoid division zero. The result
25474: This Python function checks the format of an Amazon Resource Nameing ARN and returns its corresponding ECS Service name, raising errors when necessary conditions are met
25475: A 3D array filled with zeros. n is the size of each dimension, and it's used to create an empty matrix/array
25476: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such arrays, it will return any that has been found so far
25477: This Python script creates an associative array or dictionary to map HTTP status codes into their corresponding human readable messages. It then tries and returns the message
25478: This program checks whether the file exists and is executable by current user in Python environment using 'os' module or not; If it does exist then returns
25479: This Python script creates an SQL update statement with the given list of column names and appends 'UPDATE' to it, then joins all elements from `
25480: This Python function generates an identifier based on the type of information available within each document. It checks if certain keys ("entrez", “ensem
25481: This Python function calculates the change in longitude and Latitudinal coordinates based on an input of UPS. The formula is as follows ->
25482: This function checks if the index configuration matches with another. It compares "fields", which are fields to be included, against those of an incoming request
25483: Checks if the current file is being configured by looking at "${CONFIGURATION_PARAMETER}" in it. If found, returns
25484: If the string starts with "::", it will return everything after ':' and nothing else in variable `urush`; otherwise returns original value of
25485: This function takes an argument 'n' and returns the result of multiplying it by two. If "n" isn’t defined or not numer
25486: If the 'dontUpdateShaOf' list exists, check its length. Only proceed with operations when it has more than 1 element;
25487: If 'field' is found, return the value of that field. Else check '_sourc',e and see whether it exists or not
25488: This Python script checks the type of 'compilers' ('str') & ‘Architecture’('Str'). If these are both valid then
25489: This Python script checks whether there is exactly two parameters provided when making an HTTP request to create or update transactions on your system using Flask framework with SQL
25490: This Python function converts the input string to its corresponding numeric value based on whether it is 'WareHouse', an alias of wareh
25491: This variable is used to store the value of σ in SI units, which represents speed at constant temperature and pressure on an ideal gas law equation where
25492: This line of the Python script is used to extract and return only extension name from URL.  It uses built in functions like 'basename' &
25493: This Python script assigns colors to the active and non-"Active"-nodes based on their presence or absence from "path". The color is assigned by
25494: This script counts the number of occurrences per character. It takes an input string and returns how many times each unique ASCII characters appear within that
25495: This function checks whether the given 'domain' is present as an element of list. If it exists, returns true; otherwise false."""  # no
25496: This line of the Python script converts pixel values to meters by dividing them with an appropriate ratio, which is given as 'm2px'
25497: If the two variables are equal then return true; otherwise check whether they're both dictionaries with same keys -> compare values of each key pair
25498: Removes the first occurrence of any character from subject string.  It does not consider special characters or numbers in between and only removes alphabets
25499: This Python function flattens the list by appending each element of 'alist' to another empty one named "flastList". The result
25500: This function checks whether the input is either None or 'PASS'. If it's one of these two values then return false else true.
25501: A function that takes two lists of keys and values as input. It creates an empty dictionary with the key/value pairs from both list using Python'
25502: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25503: If 'y' is not zero, it calculates the value of "x/Y" and assigns that to variable `Val`; otherwise
25504: This script is used to extract the necessary information from user settings. It checks if certain keys exist within 'gvar' dictionary and assign them as values
25505: This line of the Python function checks if there are no empty cells in 'place' list. If so, it returns False; otherwise - True
25506: This Python function returns the likes and followers data from each tweet in an array of tweets.  The output is two lists, one with like counts
25507: This function calculates the first multiple of 'num' that is greater than or equal to an absolute value. If negative number and its multiples are
25508: This Python function calculates the value of 'pb' based on given parameters. The formula is as follows, where "cents" are calculated by
25509: This script converts the dictionary of genes to their corresponding BED lines, which is then stored as list within another dictonary based on these keys
25510: This python function implements the bitwise AND operation on two numbers, treating each pair of bits as if they were binary digits. The loop continues until
25511: This python script calculates the difference between two lists and squares each element of that resultant list before returning their sums as an output from function 'calcul
25512: This function generates an array of zeros and ones based on the input 'choice' which can be either ‘A’ or any other character.
25513: This Python function takes an input sequence and separates the elements into two lists based on whether they are at index positions that result from division by either zero
25514: This Python function implements the Breadth First Search algorithm to find shortest paths from one node, given another as 'goal' and starting point
25515: This function returns either the value of 'return' in line number one or two, depending on whether an input variable named "iteration" is less
25516: This Python function reverses the order of elements within an input list. The size and content are both printed out, but not returned as output to call
25517: This function converts the input string to uppercase and translates each character into its corresponding DNA complementary base by using dictionary mapping from A ->
25518: This function checks if the given string is one of several possible values that can be used with CSS border style property.  It returns True or False based
25519: This line of Python script calculates the arithmetic average between two numbers.  The result is returned as output by function call "mean".   It
25520: This line of the Python function returns an integer value by multiplying real number with 8th power and then taking its "floor" or largest whole
25521: This Python function checks whether the string 's' contains '.R<number>', and, in case it does exist，it splits off everything
25522: This function calculates the output of an exponential weighted linear model with two parameters, x and y axis respectively using numpy library in python 3+
25523: If the length of word ‘one’ is not equal to that in 'two', return false. Otherwise, sort both lists and compare them with
25524: This Python function calculates the value of 'i' in relation to ‘j’, but if it is greater than ten then sets all results
25525: This Python script generates all possible shifts of the input string 'case' by shifting its bits to left and appends them into list named ```Bit
25526: This function takes an argument 'arg1' and returns the value of variable "u" in list form. The second element is also set to be
25527: This function checks if the given input is an HTTP request. It does so by checking whether or not it contains 'HTTP' as part of its content
25528: This function calculates the weight of an object given its height and radius using two parameters, which are then multiplied by some constants to get final result
25529: This script is used to create an empty list and then populate it with dictionaries containing information about projects from the 'initial data'. Each dictionary contains
25530: This line of the given Python script multiplies 'result' by an element at index "i" in string variable named as input.  The value
25531: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
25532: This function returns 'True' or "False" based on whether the values of two variables are equal. If they aren’t, it will simply
25533: This Python script checks the first line of input and returns an empty string unless it finds specific keywords within that text, then proceeds to split further until reaching
25534: If the number is divisible by three, return False. Otherwise True or None depending on whether it's evenly divided into two numbers that sum
25535: This Python function replaces certain strings in the input string with other, uppercase versions of those same terms to make it more readable and consistent across
25536: This line of the given C++ program is calculating and returning an integer value. The expression p>> 8 calculates right shifting by eight bits,
25537: This function calculates the learning rate by adjusting it with an exponential decay, which helps to prevent overfitting in deep neural networks when training is
25538: This line of Python script returns the integer part when 98 is divided by n. The result will be rounded down to nearest whole number, as
25539: This Python function returns the size of each dimension after scaling. The input is an iterable containing two elements, which are used to calculate and round off
25540: Registers the lambda function as an exit handler in Python's builtin module 'ATEXIT'. The task is to demonstrate how it works
25541: This Python script generates the list of formatted permission strings from an input 'permission' object array, and then joins them together into one string with commas
25542: Raise an error if x and/or the input parameter 'y' are of type other than integer.  If both parameters have been provided,
25543: This function takes two parameters, input source name and number. It returns the concatenation of these “two” inputs separated by space in one line
25544: This Python script calculates the average closing price of each trading day over specified time frame by iterating through list and adding up all close prices, then
25545: This Python script filters out the shortest tweet from each sublist of 'tweet' variable. It does so by using lambda function to filter
25546: This function takes in two parameters - 'name' and ‘description’. It returns the description of an object with its name replaced by either replacing
25547: This function calculates the contrast ratio between two colors, and then applies it to an image by applying some form of color correction or normalization based on whether
25548: This Python function raises two exceptions when the input 'X' isn’t positive. It then returns list of None values up to length equal with X
25549: This function calculates the focal length of an image given its width and height. The focus is calculated by finding halfway between both dimensions minus one as
25550: This function checks whether two origins are the same, either as an IP address range like '3.4' and 7', another type of
25551: This line of the script is getting current directory and filename in Python using builtin functions from 'os' module which returns absolute path to that particular python
25552: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input, checks which one of them are empty or not; then returns the combined dictionary based on that condition using
25553: This Python function calculates the inverse of an integer modulo another. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find gcd and then finds its
25554: This Python script attempts to read the contents of an input file and split it into lines using `f` object from within its context manager which handles exceptions
25555: This Python function tries to encode the input string as ASCII, and if it fails due an unencodable character then returns `False`;
25556: This Python function calculates the length of string s and returns an integer value that is then subtracted by four times its result. The final output will
25557: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'x' and other variables are inputted
25558: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as either itself or in form array. If not one above then raises error message "Value
25559: This list contains the atomic symbols of all elements in periodic table. 16 atoms are present, each symbol represents an element from periodictable with
25560: This script searches through an array to find specific boto names. If it finds one, then returns true; otherwise false."""  Code Explanation
25561: This script attempts to read the source of an object from its location in memory and returns it if possible; otherwise prints out error messages related with that operation
25562: This Python function splits the URL at "/" and then takes second part of split string as 'Domain Name'. It further divides that into sub
25563: If the number 'n' is zero, then it returns False. This means that 1/3 of all numbers are not prime and hence cannot
25564: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If it's zero, one is returned as they have only single value in their respective
25565: This Python function checks the value of 'string' and returns it, but replaces any newline characters with nothing ("None"). If there are no
25566: This Python script calculates the cosine similarity between two dictionaries of term frequencies using dictionary comprehension and if statements to check whether each key is present
25567: This Python script creates an empty list ```'l''` and then iterates over the dictionary 'd'. If value of any key/value
25568: This Python script retrieves the one time password from an OTPAuth url. If it's version 3 of VaultSecure API then
25569: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
25570: This function checks if the last element of 'X' is less than that in ‘Y’, then it also verifies whether its predecessor
25571: This is an implementation of the "remove duplicates" function using Haskell. It takes as input any String and returns another one with all characters
25572: This Python function splits the input string by underscores, then converts each word to title case using capitalization and joins them back together with
25573: Removes leading and trailing quotes from the given string, if any exist in it; otherwise returns original unaltered value of 'termid'.
25574: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/input string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it does not
25575: This function returns the next color in RGB space. It increments each of RED(h), GREEN and BLUE values by 36
25576: This Python function takes as input an RNA sequence and returns its complementary DNA string by replacing each nucleotide with the corresponding pair of complements
25577: This Python function splits the string 'mp' into two parts using ':', converts them to integers and then returns their sum rounded off by one
25578: If the length of 'Input String' is greater than given limit, it returns first n characters from string. Else if not then just returning original
25579: This Python script reads the text from an input file and returns it as one string. It ignores newline characters (\\N), carriage return ('
25580: This function calculates the Longest Common Subsequence of two strings. It uses recursion to find common characters in both string parts until it finds one
25581: This function returns the number of digits in 'Region' string. If region is exactly seven characters long, it will return three; else whether its
25582: This Python function generates the Gray Code of an input number 'n'. The base case is when we have to generate two elements, which are both equal
25583: This Python script uses the Bitwise Operations to manipulate and scrambles binary data. The operations include shifting, ANDing with masks etc
25584: If the input signals are zero, it returns one. Else when references is also nonzero and equal to 'one', then return zeros;
25585: This Python function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and generates the URL using those as partials to compose it with prefixes/controllers or actions
25586: If the amount of shifting is zero, return 'To Shift'. Else check whether it's greater than or equal three times two raised by
25587: This Python function shifts the bits of an integer to right by 1 bit each time it is executed. It repeats until 'X' becomes greater
25588: This line of the program calculates and returns halfway point between two numbers.  It does so by adding both input parameters together, then dividing
25589: Generates string from resource id. Only alphanumeric characters are used to generate the final result, all uppercase and lower case letters will be
25590: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25591: Increase count of depth measurements that are larger than the previous measurement.  Code counts number increase from given list and returns it as result."
25592: Parses the input string to extract and store last successful printout number as value of 'step' key with lowercase name, e..g
25593: This Python function returns the headers of an object in dictionary format. The returned list is based on which key to select from 'genres', ‘
25594: This function filters the dictionary of dictionaries based on an attribute and its corresponding values, returning only those entries that match with given attributes/values pairings
25595: This Python script calculates the frequency of each word present within an input list, and then divides it by total number or 'words' to get
25596: This line of Python function returns the string representation “zero” followed by its input. If it's less than ten, then just append an
25597: If the 'OldTable' does not exist yet in memory then it will be created. Then we are merging values from another dictionary into our current
25598: This function returns the outer radius and temperature of particles as two elements in an array. The first element is particle's inner or "boundary"
25599: This line of the program assigns values from two lists to variables. The first list is assigned as 'X' and second one in variable named "
25600: This Python function sums up the digits of an input string. It uses exception handling to ignore non digit characters and ignores any unexpected encounter with invalid
25601: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an object's wave length in meters by dividing its 'energy'. The result is then
25602: This function converts the number of tons to kilograms by multiplying with given constant and dividing it from total weight in grams, which
25603: This Python function converts degrees to hours and minutes. It does so by first converting the input degree value into an equivalent number of full rotations or
25604: This Python script checks whether the input is an integer or not. If it's true, then return that number as output; otherwise convert to Integer
25605: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by 'p['w']' in one line.  It is equivalent to using two separate lines
25606: This function takes two parameters, docId and sentenceNum. It returns the concatenation of these as strings with an underscore in between them separated by
25607: This Python function calculates the frequency based on an input e, which is assumed to be in cm^−¹ and returns it as MHz if
25608: This Python script checks the status of tests related to 'release' object and returns True only when there are no failed or skipped testing events, else
25609: If the last character of 'a' and second to most recent characters in both strings are equal, return "2". Otherwise (-"Return "-",
25610: This function splits the input string into individual "words" and then creates an associative array to count how many times each word appears, returning whether
25611: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
25612: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary 'old' with data from another one, then applies transformations to it based on an additional set of keys
25613: This function checks whether an attribute name starts with underscore or double underline, and returns false only when the attributes are not _(for internal use
25614: This function compares two numbers and returns the difference in terms of their second digit. If they are equal it will return zeroes as both differences because
25615: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the same number but with its bits flipped. The first half of each pair is swapped,
25616: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with keys as 'field' from the list of fields. The values are corresponding to each key in another given order
25617: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25618: This function checks the data types of an input and returns it in different formats based on its nature – lists/tuples to be copied;
25619: This Python function calculates the number of ways to represent 'n' as sum and difference from two numbers. It uses sqrt() method in python
25620: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25621: This function returns the given dictionary as JSON.  The "return" keyword is used to output or send back information from your Python script, and in
25622: This function returns true if the input value can be converted to binary, otherwise it will throw an exception. If no error occurs then checks whether or not
25623: This line of the given C++ program is splitting an input string by "[" and returning only its first part, which in our case would be just
25624: This function returns the maximum of three numbers.  It uses Python's built in 'max()'.  ```python Code is returning x if it
25625: This line of Python script calculates the ceiling value by dividing year with ten. The result is then returned as an integer, which represents how many
25626: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25627: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
25628: This program will keep executing the loop as long that value of 'x' is less than 4. The resultant output from each iteration, which
25629: This Python script modifies the 'Type' field of each statement from JSON objects within an input list. It checks if there is any type present,
25630: This function finds the start and end of substrings in given string, if not found it returns an empty strinng else return substring between them
25631: This line of the given C++ program is creating an integer variable named 'mask' and initializing it with all ones. The value stored in "
25632: This line of the given Python script splits an input URI into its last part and then appends ".rdf". The result is returned as output
25633: This Python function checks if the incoming AWS Lambda trigger is related to deleting bucket policies. If it's true, then returns `True`;
25634: This Python function checks the last character of input string and removes it based on its type. It is used to clean up strings that have been read from
25635: If the input 'None' or empty, return an blank string. Else check last character of given str and remove it from that particular case only
25636: This line of Python function returns the result rounded to two decimal places. It multiplies an input value by ten and then rounds it off, resulting in
25637: "Conver ts the given python functio nstring to latex" ."""  ```python ```latexml = lambda f_
25638: This line of the Python script copies an existing dictionary and then modifies its value in one single, concise statement using assignment operation on 'head sha
25639: This Python function is used to create an empty dictionary and then populate it with the values from 'parameters' that are not present within another list called
25640: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. If input is zero, it returns one as base case; otherwise calls itself with argument
25641: This line of the given Python script calculates and stores in 'l' variable, i.e., length or count value from r['history']
25642: If both true positive and false positives are zero, return the result as 'zero'. Else calculate precision using formula. The function returns calculated value
25643: This function checks whether the given number is part of Fibonacci sequence. It does so by checking that it's possible to represent n
25644: This function takes in two parameters and returns the result of multiplying them together. The first parameter is multiplied by itself twice to get an intermediate value
25645: This line of the program converts an inputted UTF 16 encoded String to its equivalent ASCII representation. The result is then stored in
25646: This Python function creates an array of tuples from the input list 'crn' where each tuple contains two elements if their length is 0
25647: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on four parameters. The first parameter is 0, and all other variables are given as input
25648: This Python function calculates the minimum distance between two points within an inputted list of six numbers. The inputs are checked to ensure they're indeed
25649: If the host is 'db', return localhost, otherwise it returns whatever was in ```return``` statement of previous line 10 times or just
25650: A regular expression that matches strings with 'true' or false, but not both.  It checks if there is any occurrence of the string tp
25651: This Python script prints the variable "Data".  The f string is used to embed expressions inside strings, which makes it easier and more readable.
25652: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
25653: This Python script is used to extract the name of an inputted path, which includes only filename and extension without directory information using 'os' module in
25654: This Python script writes the name of each benchmark to an output text files in directory 'runs'. The names are generated by joining with some parameters and
25655: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25656: This line of Python script is fetching the first occurrence from 'next' function where it finds an element with "Collection Exercises Id" equal
25657: This function calculates the number of times an item can be divided by another. It uses Python's built in math library to perform division and round
25658: This function calculates the value of an angle in radians based on whether it is clockwise or counterclock wise rotation, and returns that calculated result
25659: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25660: This function is used to categorize the ID number into different groups based on their value. The categories are as follows, with each category having an associated
25661: This function takes two sets of coordinates and returns the bounding box that encompasses both. The four values returned are in order from west to right
25662: This Python function checks whether an ISBN number is valid or not. It calculates the check digit of given string and compares it with calculated one to
25663: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25664: This python script calculates the overlap between two bounding boxes. The function takes in four tuples representing each corner of one box and another pair
25665: This line of Python script filters the 'devices' data by keeping only those entries where "wanted" is found within their hostnames. The result
25666: This Python function normalizes the given vector by dividing each element of it with its magnitude, resulting an array where all elements are between –�
25667: This Python script retrieves the 'Slugs' from dictionary if they exist else it assigns default value to them i..  [END] Code
25668: This function checks if the year is leap or not. It does so by checking whether it's divisible evenly with four and either doesn’
25669: A function that returns the variables and their types.  The input is an object with properties 'variable', which represents what to be returned; it also
25670: Counts the number of elements greater than given 'threshold' from list.  Code is written to solve problem using Python programming language and uses built
25671: If the value of 'c' is less than zero, increment it by one; otherwise decrement or leave as normal depending on whether c>(
25672: This line of the given Python script is splitting 'phaseId' string by '_', and then returning second part after split, which in our case would
25673: This line of Python script deletes the given 'dict' from dictionary. If it exists, then delete and return that; else just returns original one
25674: This function calculates the intersection area of two rectangles. The coordinates and dimensions are given as tuples in four variables 'a' &
25675: Reads the file and tries to get its content line by Line in reverse order until it finds one that starts with 'Last position' or an empty
25676: This Python function takes an input and checks whether it's either of type Tuple or List. If the given object isn’t one these types
25677: This line of the script checks if an openMpi match object exists and whether its group 1 value matches "Unknown". If either condition holds true
25678: This function checks if the string contains any digits. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no digit was found within given
25679: This function returns the value of x rounded to 'decimal place' number.  For example if you call `roundedValue = myFunction('
25680: This Python function finds the minimum length of prefix that can be removed from an input string to make it equal or shorter than its original form. If no
25681: This function returns the odd or even number based on whether player's id is an integer. If it’re not, then we add one to
25682: This line of Python script is splitting the property name into two parts using '.' as separator and then assigning to `prop`. It also
25683: This Python script converts the given 'word' into its equivalent ASCII art by replacing each character of "guess" with corresponding characters from another
25684: This script normalizes the links between two sets of nodes using normalization factors from left and right respectively, then returns them as dictionary with keys being original link
25685: This function checks that input parameters are within valid ranges and raises an error otherwise when they're not met by any condition specified above; it then returns
25686: This line of the Python script checks if requesters are privilegied and whether they're equal to content creator. If either condition is
25687: This Python function checks whether the given string is an IP address or not, and returns only its subnet part in case it's one else return
25688: If the given object 'handler' does not exist, return "None". Otherwise replace '.jl', with'.python" and returns it as output
25689: This Python script creates two lists and then compares them element by elements to create another list with the same order of appearance but without duplicates from both
25690: This Python function splits the input string into hours and minutes, then returns total in minues by multiplying hour with minute value of one day i
25691: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It uses recursion to calculate each number in turn and stores previously calculated numbers so that they
25692: This Python function calculates the frequency of an instrument in MIDI note numbers, given its midpoint and octave number as input parameters; it
25693: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between two floating point numbers is less than 0.01, otherwise it will be False
25694: This line of Python script calculates the reciprocal value, where 'd' is an input parameter. The result will be one divided by distance
25695: This function checks whether the inputted text contains any non alphabetic and/or whitespace characters, then raises an error with that invalid character
25696: This line of Python script multiplies two numbers and returns the product.  The variables are named "number_x" where x is any one or
25697: This Python function calculates the slope and y intercept of two points. The formula is derived from basic algebra operations on 3D space coordinates in
25698: This Python script calculates the Chi Square statistic of given parameters and returns it as result."This is an example to show how one might implement
25699: This Python function returns the rounded value of each element divided by an 'epsilon' constant. The result is then multiplied back into its original scale,
25700: This function generates an array of layer sizes in the Matrix Layerization algorithm, starting with input 'ihs' as initial size then repeatedly dividing
25701: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25702: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both point are provided as parameters to calculate and returns
25703: If the length of labels is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise continue with calculation. This function checks whether there are no elements in list and returns "
25704: This Python function converts the input string to camel case format by replacing hyphens and underscores with an underline, converting uppercase letters
25705: If the current working directory is being used as input to an executable script or program; it will return '.' and appends with bin'. Otherwise returns
25706: Creates an SQL table if it doesn't exist. If the name is provided, uses that as part of your query; otherwise generates one based
25707: This function returns the repository information and Slacker user id along with an Author's name.  The data is returned in JSON format as per requirement
25708: This Python script creates two dictionaries and merges them. The keys from the first dictionary are used as is while keeping their corresponding values intact;
25709: This function checks if the letter is present in minimum to maximum range of given string, then returns 0 or occurrences based on that condition;
25710: This Python function checks whether the given 'Commit' exists as key to dictionary, and returns it with its corresponding value of "Number Of Changes
25711: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting 32 degrees, multiplying
25712: This function raises an error when the input is neither among specified options.  It checks whether each option exists within 'value' and, If it doesn
25713: This script generates CSV content from the list of dictionaries. The output is one line with comma separated values representing each dictionary's 'Package',
25714: This function calculates the cross product of two vectors. The result is positive if they point in opposite directions, negative otherwise and zero when their direction matches
25715: If the back log is zero, return full speed else calculate how many more reads are needed to fill up remaining space in percentage of total readings allowed
25716: If the current node is at maximum recursion level, return true. Else check error number in case of any errors occurred during execution; otherwise continue
25717: This script is used to merge all the 'travel requests' from different time tables into one list.  It does so by iterating over each
25718: This function returns the full path of an object in package and its corresponding directory.  It takes two arguments - "pkg" which is your Python Package
25719: This line of Python script joins all the lines in an input text file into one string, with each newline character (\r or \rn depending on
25720: This function is used to split the string into lines, then checks if it contains 'if', and returns its description when found; otherwise return an empty
25721: This Python script writes each string from 'list' into an opened file. The filename is specified by variable `filename` and can be changed at runtime
25722: This Python script splits the string "title" into separate elements using semicolon as delimiter and then maps each element to its stripped
25723: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of films. If 'triggers' is found within any movie, it
25724: This function converts the input to uppercase if it is 'o' and returns true otherwise, returning false in all other cases – Code sn
25725: This script calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an array.  The initial values are set to infinity or negative infinitesimal respectively which will
25726: This Python script performs bitwise operations on four variables. The input is assumed to be an array of length 16 with the last two elements being
25727: This function returns all faces that have the same contours as an input point, but with different coordinates at one index of their points array' “
25728: This line of Python script calculates the average pace per minute. It takes into account both time spent on work and rest periods, which are assumed to
25729: This function takes an input of type 'tuple' and returns the result as output. The operation is to multiply each element by given scaler
25730: This function checks if the given string contains any of " + repr("the following keywords")+": Structures, dGM, ENergy
25731: This Python function cleans the list of strings by replacing any `None` values with an empty string, effectively removing them from our data set if they'
25732: "Reads and compares two values"  Code explanation:"If the first value is less than second then it returns 'val_one', else
25733: This function takes an array of strings and returns the elements joined by spaces. If no input is provided, it will return ''.  The join()
25734: This script creates an empty list and sets up two variables, then iterates over the 'resource' object which is assumed to be provided as input by
25735: This Python function splits the input string 'name' into two parts at '/'. If there is no second part it returns None and original value of
25736: This function takes two arguments and returns their product. It's the equivalent of Python’ splicing operator in action here is used to assign values
25737: This Python function returns the difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'y' and ‘z’. The length is determined by len() on x
25738: This script returns the URI of an SageMaker temporary directory where it can store its results. The job flow ID and step number are used to
25739: Create an empty dictionary and assign it to the variable "output". Then create another one with keys as multiplers of time such like seconds(“
25740: This Python script splits the input string into hours and minutes using ":" as separator then converts them to integers before calculating their sum in terms
25741: This script uses the specified compression backend. If no argument is given, it defaults to lz4; if one or two are provided as command line
25742: This Python script loops through the list of strings, and if any string is longer than 24 characters it splits that long word into multiple lines
25743: This Python function calculates the gradient of an interpolated PDF at any given point. The formula is derived from linear approximation to find out how much we
25744: This python script calculates the mean of each row and then divides it by total number. It also squares every element to get variance, sums them
25745: This line of the given Python script returns only first part from string 'v'. The split function is used to divide or break up an element into parts
25746: This Python function checks the types and performs arithmetic operations. If arguments have different data or unsupported datatypes an error will be raised with message
25747: This Python function checks whether the input value is one of three predefined string values. If it's not, then return 'None'. Otherwise returns
25748: This function checks whether the first part of each string in an iterable is 'key_'. If it does, then returns that substring after removing
25749: This function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails due some reason like non numeric characters then returns original value
25750: This Python function converts an iterable of dictionaries into another format where each dictionary is prefixed with the key from its original entry and then followed
25751: This line of the script sorts an array by second element in each string using Python's builtin sort function with custom comparison method to split strings and
25752: This Python script parses the 'results' list and appends only those elements that were successful to an empty array named ```"Parsed
25753: This line of the program converts cmd to all upper case letters and then checks if it is either 'YES' or just y. If so
25754: This function adds the number of containers and children together. It's doing multiplication twice, but it only needs to add once so I simplified that by
25755: Generates the connection string based on provided schema, user name and password. The host is automatically determined by DNS lookup if not specified in config file or
25756: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements less than zero and checks whether it is greater or equal to 'k'. If so, returns True
25757: This line of the script splits an input string into two parts, then further split it by parentheses to get only one part in each case
25758: This Python function calculates the bit length of an integer using recursion. If input is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise，it calls itself
25759: Returns the part of string after command. 0 indexed, skipping first two characters and all spaces/special chars at start or end are
25760: This line of the given Python function returns whether or not two characters in string 'text' are equal to each other. The first and second character is
25761: Code is returning True. It's checking if the given string contains only digits and returns False otherwise, indicating that it doesn’t contain any
25762: This line of the program calculates how many blocks are needed to cover an entire 'exent' amount. If there is any remainder from dividing
25763: This Python function converts an integer or float to string, and if the number is not formatted as either "." nor contains letter e", it returns
25764: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the coordinates of four corners in 3D space. The first list is used to define lower left
25765: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25766: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25767: This line of Python script checks the 'value' and compares it with either zero ('return') OR one. If both conditions are met, then
25768: This function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns the summation along with other statistics. It also handles cases where one list is shorter than another
25769: This function returns the number of times it is called within an interval. The intervals are defined by numbers, and each call increments one count in that
25770: If the input 'type' variable contains an array of strings then it filters out all occurrences that are equal to string value “Null”
25771: This function reshapes the list of numbers to have maximum value 1. It first checks whether or not an array is provided, and raises error
25772: If the difference between two values in an array is zero then return these 3 numbers. Else set up boundaries to ensure that we are within range
25773: This Python script loops through each token of the given list and prints its corresponding position, then it converts all characters to lowercase without affecting special symbols
25774: This Python function prints the string s and returns an empty String. – [Your Name] on date of submission, where you mentioned your name or
25775: This Python function calculates the intersection area between two boxes. The four coordinates of each rectangle are provided as input parameters and it returns an integer representing their
25776: This Python function calculates the variance of an array by taking into account its size. The formula used is based on mathematical formulas and it's efficient
25777: This function calculates the number of frames in one second based on time and frame rate. It then checks if it's within an acceptable range from
25778: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to subtract the corresponding elements from two lists. The result is another one with each element being their difference
25779: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named "Bands" and populates it with data from the provided metadata object using list comprehension to filter out
25780: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists, ie., elements that are common to both list 'A' and List ‘B’ without
25781: This line of the Python script divides ‘number’ by 'decimal' and then formats it to display with one decimal place. The result
25782: This function checks if the last element in given list is matching pair of brackets/parentheses etc., it pops from that position when found
25783: If the junction's temp is greater than 1 degree Celsius, it returns that value; otherwise nothing happens and continues to next line of
25784: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from nested dictionary. The key "icon".  It's extracting value associated with that
25785: This function separates positive and negative data from the given list of numbers 'Data' based on their sign using two separate lists to store them separately with
25786: This Python function calculates the ratio of two quantities, one being squashed by another. The first quantity is 'x' and it gets its square
25787: This line of the program creates an empty dictionary named 'winner' with keys as states and values set to 0. It then iterates over
25788: This Python function takes in two dictionaries as input and returns another dictionary with the 'reference' key set to its first argument ("ref") while also
25789: This line of the Python script is setting all RGB values to 0. It's essentially clearing or resetting these colors, which are used in
25790: This line of the given Python script returns longitude from an object named 'geocode'.  It's part way into Geopy library,
25791: This function checks if the number of elements that match between two lists. If one is longer than another it returns false; otherwise return true or how many
25792: If either the 'Pod' object and/or Node Object are not defined then return null. Otherwise format it as string with Pod name - followed by
25793: This Python function converts the input string to title case, where each word starts with an uppercase letter and all other characters are lowercased except
25794: If the user's balance is less that an inputted value it raises exception. Else checks to see whether or no negative values are entered and
25795: This function returns the service name as string.  It is used to identify which specific server or client it's interacting with in log files, etc
25796: This function returns the number zero. It's an example of how to write simple, clear and concise Python functions that do one thing well -
25797: This function checks whether the number is positive, zeroes out negative numbers by setting them to zeros; otherwise it multiplies an initial value of '
25798: This Python script is designed to handle different file types based on the extension of their names, and then call functions that process these files accordingly using appropriate parameters
25799: Code is used to create and manage dictionary of objects. The key in the dict represents an object's id while its value contains list with all other
25800: This function calculates the percentile of an element in list. The result is then converted to string with leading zeros and formatted as [%]
25801: This Python function takes in an input list, calculates the last two elements of that array and appends their sum to it until all numbers are processed
25802: This Python function calculates the cumulative value of all elements in list y and then prints it out, returning True if that result is exactly 1
25803: This Python function splits the given `PATH` into its component parts and returns them in reverse order as an application label followed by module name respectively using
25804: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within an array. If they're in range of x and/or 0 to be sure that we
25805: This Python function converts base17 number to integer. If the conversion is not possible it returns zero instead of crashing with an error message or
25806: This Python script splits the input string into an array of strings based on newline characters, then removes any empty elements from that list if it contains
25807: This line of Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the range from i to j with step size equal in value as 'interval length
25808: This script is used to replace certain command line arguments with equivalent ones that are more suitable or easier on the user' s system, such as replacing --
25809: This line of Python script calculates the total amount in USD based on input parameters. The result is then returned by function 'calculation'. 1
25810: This Python script attempts to access the 'df' dataframe object, its dtype and column names in one line of python program using exception handling mechanism
25811: A dictionary of license names and their corresponding abbreviations, with some exceptions where the full name is provided separately in parentheses after each abbrev
25812: If the given parameters are all zero, it will return that there is no such Ellipctic Curve. Otherwise，it returns information about one specific
25813: This Python function splits each string in the input by ':' and then tries to convert both keys ('left' or just their numerical part if they
25814: This Python function generates an identity matrix of size 'n' x ‘’ which is the same as its own transpose and returns it using list
25815: This Python script converts an integer array to its corresponding string representation. The function 'id' is used as the conversion dictionary, and it iterates
25816: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with entries from the 'acl' list. The keys of these dictionaries are set to be
25817: Throw an error exception when the virtual_filepointer is less than zero.  This will prevent any negative values from being processed in our program and
25818: This function takes the four coordinates of an object's bounding box and adjust them to fit within its boundaries. The adjusted values are returned as separate
25819: This function checks if the given string ends with "-wsdl.png".  It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it matches, and otherwise
25820: This Python script generates an empty list and then fills it with URLs from the given 'i' which is supposed to be each unique url of song
25821: This Python script converts the input string into an integer list. It does so by creating and initializing with zeros, then iterating over each
25822: This function checks whether the input string "cigar" contains any character other than I. If it does, then return true; otherwise false or
25823: This Python function checks whether the string ends with "/" and, in case it does not end up being true by returning an empty String or splitting off
25824: This Python function checks the last digit of an integer and returns its ordinal suffix. For example, it will return '4th', instead than
25825: If the current position is ROOT, then return 'Root'. Else check whether it's an empty string. Return either ''', '', etc
25826: This function checks if the given file exists in PATH environment variable on different platforms like Linux and MacOS using Python's builtin functions, else it
25827: This function returns True if the string is one of certain exclusions, False otherwise. It's used to prevent unwanted output from functions that may
25828: This Python function uses regular expressions to check if the input string matches "-<word>". If it doesn't, an error message will be raised
25829: This Python function generates all possible subsections of the input sequence 'len' in length, and returns them as list elements within another main element called "
25830: This Python function splits the input string into lines, then checks each of those against an optional regular expression to filter out unwanted patterns and returns them
25831: This function checks if every element of the list 'c' is equal to its first sentence from any other elements present within it, returning True only when
25832: Counts the number of vowels ('a', 'e', etc.) present within input string, converted to lowercase and filtered by only including those
25833: If the string "Year" exists, return its first 10 characters. Else do nothing or an empty String depending on whether it's
25834: This Python function calculates the cube root of an input number and rounds it to its nearest whole integer. If that result is equal back into original
25835: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25836: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25837: If the provided 'token' variable in an empty string, none value of null and equals to “Null”. Then it prints out that there
25838: This Python function takes in an input string, and replaces each character with its corresponding reverse complements. The result is then converted to all capital letters
25839: This function calculates the number of days in one year, taking into account leap years. The formula is based on Gauss's algorithm to calculate
25840: This function takes as input the name of an object or list/array and returns all cases where that particular attribute exists within it's attributes array
25841: This Python script loops over the keys of two dictionaries, checking if each one exists within another dictionary' s lines and updating "called from".
25842: This line of Python script creates and returns the dictionary 'ccdict' which is an alias to original Dictionary. The key from ‘new’ value
25843: This function takes two strings as input and returns the first string after encoding it by shifting each character's ASCII value. The shift is determined based
25844: This Python function iterates over each element of the given 'list' and checks if its second item matches with provided keyword. If it does, returns
25845: This Python script iterates over each element of the given 3x4 array and replaces all zeros with ones. The function returns modified input
25846: This function checks if the number of samples per period is less than minimum sample periods required to be considered valid or not based on given dictionary and threshold values
25847: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25848: This Python function calculates the moving average of an input list. The 'alpha' parameter determines how much weight is given to recent values compared with old
25849: If the 'verbosity level' is 4 or more, it will return in string format with levels and names of function/method. Else
25850: This Python function replaces special characters in the given input with their HTML entities, which are used to represent these symbols by turning them into character references within
25851: This function takes the name of an input file and returns its base part. It does so by iterating over each character, checking whether it is "/
25852: This function checks if the disqualed string is present within an entered one. If it's found, returns false; otherwise true after checking all
25853: This Python script creates an identity matrix of the specified dimension. The elements on and below diagonal are set to zero, while all others remain as one or
25854: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of all given 3D point objects. It does so by iterating over each
25855: This function pads the source with spaces on its left to reach an exact width of 'pad_len'. If it's already at least that wide
25856: This Python function merges two dictionaries using the concept of "merge kwargs" where keys from both dictionary are taken into account if they exist
25857: This function checks if the first element of each tuple is either 'wild' and has an additional value, OR it contains two equal values. If so
25858: This Python function takes in the string 'name' and splits it into two or three strings based on space character, then joins them back together with
25859: This line of the Python script removes trailing slash from URI string by using slicing and rpartition() function in python which returns tuple containing last
25860: This Python script creates an output dictionary with specific options to create image buttons in the Raspberry Pi's GUI toolkit, specifically using Tkinter
25861: This Python script extract the names of contributers from each track' s description. If there are no contributing authors, it returns 'Unknown Artists'.
25862: This Python script calculates the squared difference between corresponding elements of two lists, 'x' and ‘yy’ using list comprehension with an
25863: This Python script creates an inverse dictionary of DNA bases and then uses it to reverse the sequence given as input, using another function that reverses lists/
25864: This Python function converts the string "s", replacing all occurrences of & with _.  It does not change any other characters. The result
25865: This function returns the email and password associated with an inputted username.  The details are stored in environment variables, which is used to access sensitive data
25866: This function returns the coordinates of moving in given directions. The input is expected to be one character string representing each move ("N",	"NE","SE
25867: Changed the "_ids"'s data type from int to string.  This is done by converting it back into its original form in line with Python
25868: This Python script splits the input string into lines, then iterates over each line to split it by ":" and stores parameter names along with their
25869: This Python function implements the "common start" algorithm. It compares two strings and returns their first matching character if they have any at all; otherwise
25870: This Python function checks the value of an input number 'e' and returns different values based on whether it is within certain ranges. If not in any
25871: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25872: This Python script checks the input 'num' and returns two values based on its value. If num is less than or equal to  39 it
25873: Code performs multiplication of two numbers using Karatasuba's algorithm. The function takes in 4 parameters - the first number 'x',
25874: This function takes an input string, collects all the characters in that 1D array and sorts them. It then joins these sorted character arrays back
25875: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
25876: This function checks whether the file name ends with an extension. If it does, then returns only its base part without that last character; otherwise return original
25877: This script generates the list of filenames from an input dictionary. The "spec" is expected to have key 'filedir' and value
25878: Checks if the input string is “short” and contains only letters. If so, it returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending
25879: This Python function takes an IP address as input and returns the host part of that ipv6 Address if it exists else return None or empty string depending
25880: A 3D list, named 'look up scaffolds', is created with the size of num strand x length string. The elements are
25881: If the current element in iteration isn't defined, return it. Otherwise continue with its value and append to 'path'.  This will be used
25882: This Python function is used to group overlapping intervals into separate lists within another list of dictionaries where each dictionary represents an interval with "start" &
25883: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from nested dictionaries. The outer loop iterates over the keys of each inner dict,
25884: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25885: If the given 'None' or empty string in variable "Cell", return true; otherwise check whether it’s of type String with no white space
25886: "Split the path into its components and then join them back together"  Code snippet is not provided. The function takes in one string parameter
25887: This Python function checks whether the given URL has an empty string, and returns it. If not then appends "/" to end of that particular link
25888: This function calculates the required output. The input is divided by three and then subtracted two, floor() ensures that we get an integer result as
25889: If sequences are not of equal lengths, raise an error.  This is to ensure that we're comparing two correctly sized lists/sequencess
25890: This Python function creates and returns an empty list with the specified number of elements appended to it one by each iteration through its looping constructs using
25891: This line of the given Python script converts each character from an input string into its ASCII integer value. The result is then returned as list with
25892: This Python function calculates the value of an equation using Euler's number, which is approximately equal to ~3 .789 and multi
25893: This function calculates the value of 'level' divided by 10, and then multiplies it with maximum possible integer in Python using bitwise
25894: This Python script raises an error when the input value of 'a' equals zero. It also sets up two variables to be equal with one other variable
25895: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns new ones where the elements at corresponding positions are from both original list 'ids' if they match with
25896: This Python function calculates the product of two numbers and returns their difference. The variables 'a' & ‘b’ are assigned to variable "
25897: This Python script parses dates in the format YYYYMMDDTHHHmm and converts them to ISO 8601 standard with
25898: This function returns the grade based on marks. It checks each condition in order and assigns it to return value when true is met, otherwise default else
25899: A Python function that converts text to a specific format using ASCII characters. The input is the string 's', and it replaces each character
25900: This function checks if every nonempty element of the given list exists, returns True only when they are present. If there's at least one missing
25901: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
25902: This Python function returns the 'tweet' dictionary with only two keys - created at and text.  It is used to create JSON data from twe
25903: This Python script creates an array of zone values and then uses list comprehension to create another one with the same length but where each value is multiplied
25904: This Python function takes as input the list of repositories and checks each one to see if it'a dictionary or string; then creates copies with necessary
25905: If the string ends with two newlines, return an empty line; else check whether it's ending in one or not and append appropriate character(
25906: This function returns the remainder and quotient of index divided by size.  It's used to map an array element into another space in two dimensions
25907: This function calculates the number of minutes per second based on an input value, which is usually considered as 'tempo'. The result will be
25908: This Python function converts the first character of each word in 'text' to uppercase, and all other characters are converted into lower case when it
25909: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
25910: This function checks whether the given `subRed` is within one or two ranges defined by 'split' and returns true/false. If it falls
25911: This function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on it; when 'None' provided as an argument then returns original string else check whether
25912: This Python function merges two lists into one. It starts with the first element of both input arrays and then iterates over each subsequent array until it
25913: This Python function divides the input variables by their respective dimensions to normalize them. It returns four normalized values, which are then used in further calculations
25914: If the input 'None' or zero, return that. Otherwise check whether it has only one bit set in its binary representation by using AND operation with
25915: This function takes in two parameters - temp and the string 'scale'. If it receives an input of type Celsius then returns temperature converted to F
25916: This Python function converts all floats to string. It uses the builtin `isinstanc`e() method and list comprehension, which
25917: This function takes an integer channel number as input and returns the prefix of its name. The output is in form 'Channel_{}'.format()
25918: This function takes two parameters, 'row' and "column", multiplies them together by an eighth of the total number rows/columns in your
25919: This function checks if the file extension of an input string is one among several allowed extensions, and returns true or false accordingly based on that check; otherwise
25920: This line of the script calculates an average coverage value, but only when there is at least one base in each chromosomes to calculate it from
25921: This Python function takes as input the name of an attribute to be extracted from each record within 'None' or empty list, and returns all values found
25922: This Python function attempts conversion of input 'id' into an Integer. If the type or value cannot be converted it raises and catches exceptions; if
25923: This Python function converts signals from physical units to digitized values. If the input 'signals' are lists of numbers it will convert each number
25924: This function returns the properties of an array. It's used to get information about arrays, such as their length and whether they are multidim
25925: This function checks if there is an overlap between the start of each "entity_group['entities'][i]'s 'range()'"
25926: This Python function calculates the coefficients of an equation given three points. The equations are represented by their corresponding coordinates in 4D space and have form
25927: This line of the Python function calculates and returns half difference between upper case letters in string, which is used to calculate the length or area under curve
25928: This Python script calculates the number of columns present within an input list. If all rows have different numbers, it returns zero; otherwise - return count
25929: If both lists are empty, return false. Otherwise check the length of two list and compare them to see whether they have same elements or not; otherwise
25930: This function implements the Extended Euclidian algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. If absolute value difference between 'abs' values is less
25931: Creates an empty list called "results" to store the result of each function call. Code is used in conjunction with a loop that iterates over
25932: If the number of training iterations, or total time steps are greater than 1. Otherwise return true; otherwise false based on conditions provided in function call
25933: This Python script uses list comprehension to create two lists of lowercase strings from the input 'Fields' and another set. It then finds all indices
25934: This Python function performs elementwise multiplication and addition. It takes two inputs '(mu)' which are the mean values of each variable in an array or
25935: This line of the Python script is converting three values from an SQL row into floats and returning them as one list in python – _pdb
25936: If the first argument is an absolute file system, appends one trailing slash to it. Otherwise adds another in between two paths and returns them
25937: This Python script returns the query to be used in an Elasticsearch search. The filter is applied on dashboards' ids, and it will
25938: This line of the Python script calculates and returns two values. The first value is number 'shape' rows which are equal to total lines in data
25939: Splits the status message into individual parts and filters out any part that starts with an exclamation mark.  This is done by splitting on
25940: This function calculates the total number of passengers that can be accommodated in an airplane. The formula is based on three parameters - 'arriv
25941: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element in two dimensional array using indexing. The first part multiplies corresponding elements from '
25942: This line of Python script joins all the parameters passed to it with an ampersand. It's used in URL building, where each parameter is
25943: This function returns an integer based on the size of input. The return values are as follows, in descending order from largest to smallest -> �
25944: This line of Python script calculates the average value in list.  It's one simple and efficient way to calculate it using builtin functions like
25945: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over the input 'listofTUPS' and appends each third element of every tuple
25946: This line of the given Python script checks each character 'c' from input string `data`. If it is found within set characters, then function
25947: This Python function calculates the average of all points from 'precision' list and returns it as result if there are no elements else return summation
25948: This Python function calculates the day of year based on Gregorian calendar. It takes into account leap years and nonleap ones, but it
25949: This Python function takes an RGB Image as input and returns the grayscale equivalent of it. It does so by dividing each pixel's red
25950: This Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two vectors and stores it into another one, resulting as an output which is also called 'Result
25951: This line of the function checks if all three characters in two strings are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by
25952: This line of Python script returns the reversal or reverse order string.  It uses built in function "". join() and ". rev()" to achieve
25953: This Python function takes an integer and two numbers as input, 'val' &amp; ‘shift’. If the shift value is positive it
25954: This Python function calculates the minimum number of Coins needed to make up an amount. It uses dynamic programming and recursion techniques with memoization
25955: This Python script reads input string, splits it into pairs using comma as the delimiter and then further split each element of that list by colon
25956: This function checks the input number 'N' and returns zero, depending on whether it is divisible by any of these numbers. If not all conditions
25957: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
25958: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
25959: This Python script checks if the string "requirements" contains 'python>=3' and then generates an output based on whether it does or not,
25960: Checks whether the input 'go_id' variable has an instance of type string and length 9 with "GO" prefix or else returns false
25961: This Python function calculates the number of peaks in two vectors. If both are empty, it returns one as there is no peak to find at all
25962: This Python function converts an input “image” to its negative equivalent in the form of another two dimensional numpy ndarray object and checks
25963: This function calculates the absolute square of two complex numbers and returns their product in real part plus imaginary parts' products as one number, which is equivalent
25964: This function takes as input the string 'text', and returns an array of all characters that are capitalized letters from "A" to Z". The
25965: This function checks if all states are False and returns the number of keys that have no corresponding value or 'None' which is considered as false when converting
25966: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If 'input' is zero, it returns one as per mathematical convention ie., The
25967: This function calculates the number of observations and their average value as well an unbiased estimate variance. It takes two parameters; 'existing'
25968: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at value and being between zero to twenty five four. If it's less than or equal too maximum
25969: This function returns different values based on the input "speed". The return value is determined by certain conditions. If 'speeds' equals to one,
25970: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
25971: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using " -- ". It then returns these as separate list elements in reverse order, ie.,
25972: Checks if the two given subtitles are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on what is provided
25973: Checks if the point is within bounds of an axis aligned bounding box.  It does so by checking that both minimum and maximum values on each
25974: This Python script converts the string elements of an input list into float numbers and returns them as output, which is essentially creating another data structure that contains
25975: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from "data['benchmarks']". The keys are obtained by extracting '
25976: This line of Python script reads an string, removes the first and last character from it using slicing. It then replaces all occurrences in
25977: This function takes in four parameters and returns the coordinates of an upper left corner point that is one unit away from each end. The first two are integers
25978: This Python script counts the number of success and failure entries in two lists. It then returns these as tuples with one entry from each list added
25979: This Python function creates and populates the dictionary 'fits' with different filters. The keys are filter names ("HiRes", etc.) while values represent
25980: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string. It joins all elements in 'list' into one single, nonempty String and then it
25981: This function calculates the reciprocal of ‘q’, which is equivalent to taking its complement in logarithmic scale and then applying exponentiation
25982: This line of the Python script converts all uppercase characters in string to lower case and returns it as output, which is then stored into variable '
25983: This line of Python script is rearranging the values in variables 'w', '-'*'-'. The original order was ('q[0],
25984: This script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each of the lines in an input file, then checks whether it ends with "." or not."""
25985: This function calculates the tip amount by taking in two parameters, 'bill' and "Tip percent". It then returns that value. The calculation
25986: This function counts the number of parentheses. It returns zero when there are no brackets, one or two open and closed ones respectively otherwise it
25987: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between max temperature(`tmx') & min tempreature `tmpn'. It'
25988: This Python script calculates the remaining resources after applying threshold to each host's used memory and subtract it from their overall allocated amount of memo
25989: This Python script calculates the Hammings weight of an input number. It does so by counting how many bits are set in binary representation, which
25990: This function takes two arguments, 'freq' and ‘n’. If the first argument is greater than or equal to zero it returns that
25991: This function takes as input an array of rows and returns the corresponding list dictionary entries. If there is at least one empty string within either 'Tit
25992: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in 'splitted' list into one string with each element separated by '.', and converts them
25993: This Python script calculates the length and checks if both arrays have equal lengths. If not, it raises an error with message "The Number of Spec
25994: This Python script creates an object that configures the scaling of nodes based on their class. The configuration is stored as JSON format and can be used to
25995: This Python script calculates the length of 'yval', which is assumed to be an array. If it contains less than two elements then raises error
25996: This function checks if the input is either 'True', ‘Yes’, or one of several other strings that are lowercase versions thereof and returns
25997: This function returns the string '/' followed by 'resource', and then appended with either an underscore or not depending on whether there is any parameter
25998: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given constants. The formula is as follows, and it'll be used to calculate 'Re
25999: This function checks if all fields of an object exist as attributes. If not it returns false otherwise true – Code: def check_fields(*args
26000: This function takes an input x and returns the result of adding one to it, then dividing by two. It's essentially reversing halfway
26001: This Python function counts the number of unique numbers from an input list. It starts by setting 'candidates' to be negative one and then iter
26002: Implements the Linear Annealed Schedule as described in "Learning Rate Schedules" by Hinton et al., 198
26003: This Python function takes in two strings, 's' and an array of characters to search through the first character. It returns all occurrences within
26004: This function generates the name of an output folder based on some conditions. The main purpose here to avoid having too many folders with similar names in one directory
26005: This line of Python script splits the string into separate word, and then returns that second one in capitalized form if it exists otherwise return an empty
26006: This line of the program creates an empty list and returns it. It does not perform any operation on its input but simply produces output based off some conditions
26007: This line of Python script creates an associative array or dictionary called 'Shuffle Dictionary' where the keys are strings and values represent numbers. The function
26008: Displays an input field with the specified properties. If 'block' is set to true then it will be displayed as part of another element in
26009: This Python function takes in one argument, 'longitude', and returns the longitutde after taking into account if it is negative. If its value
26010: Returns True if the current 'page' is greater than all available pages. If not, it returns False indicating that there are no more items to be
26011: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd(x%y , y). The while loop continues until 'S' is not zero
26012: This function converts input to its equivalent Python representation or returns it as the same data types when possible – booleans are converted directly and strings
26013: This function takes the file name and its extension as input, then checks if it's compressed using bzip or g zip. If yes - returns
26014: This function counts the number of characters that are different between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both input string and incrementing counter if
26015: This Python function calculates the value of polynomial at point `x` and returns it. The coefficients are multiplied together to get final result as per
26016: If the input string is not empty, returns 'true', otherwise it will be returned as false.  [(value != null && ...)]
26017: This function calculates the RPM from PWM input. The formula is derived by multiplying both inputs together and adding an offset constant to it, which
26018: This function calculates the standard deviation of an array using numpy's mean and std functions, which are both vectorized operations in NumPy that
26019: This Python script reads an input string of numbers separated by newlines and converts them into integers then sorts the list with builtin function 'sorted
26020: If the list 'illegal characters' is not empty, it means that there are some invalid or unallowed symbols/chars present within any of
26021: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the elements of each sublist within 'matrix'. The final output is returned as one line
26022: This Python script tries to load the file with name 'filename' and checks if it starts exactly like what is expected. If not -> return false
26023: This function calculates the ratio of 'nr' to another number, which is given by parameter "A", divided with total amount that was calculated
26024: If the variable 'content' does not exist, return an empty string. Otherwise it returns double brackets with its value enclosed in them."
26025: This function checks if the query type is 'OR' or not, and then it verifies whether there are any common tags between required tag sets.
26026: This Python function calculates the geographical "zone" of longitudes, which is used in many areas to determine whether it's day or night
26027: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or not and returns the same value in both cases but with different prefixes depending on its
26028: This function converts meters per second to miles/hour by using the formula of converting speed from kmh(km hr^−1 )to
26029: This Python script reverses the order of elements within each list, but only if they are unique and do so without changing their original position or value inside
26030: Returns the locale category of given string. 0 if not found, or index into array where it is located when present; otherwise -1 will be
26031: This Python script attempts to read the first two bytes of an input file and compare them with specific values in hexadecimal form ('FEED F
26032: A dictionary is created with the key as 'name' and its corresponding values are set to be an empty string. Then, another variable named `key
26033: This line of the program is calculating and storing in variables yMax, zmax values from two different coordinate arrays. The maximum value between each pair'
26034: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'x' has either value of 0 or not. If it does, then returns "False", otherwise
26035: This function calculates the nth Fibonacci sequence using an iterative approach. If 'n' is less than or equal to one
26036: This function returns the least significant bits of an integer. The result is returned as binary string, and it's used to determine if certain conditions are
26037: This function calculates the incremental mean by adding new data to previous one, then dividing it with current size of samples. The result is an
26038: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26039: This function uses the findAll method of Python's re module to search all occurrences in 'data'. The tag is used as an argument
26040: This Python script splits the string 's' into an array of strings, removing any leading or trailing whitespace on each individual element and returning
26041: This Python function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The formula used is derived from some mathematical equation, but it's not clear
26042: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26043: This script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the information from 'data'. The keys are tuples of two strings, each representing
26044: This Python script cleans the data by removing any entries with specific 'keys' from an input dictionary "originalData". The cleaned output is stored back into
26045: If the value is greater than or equal to 0.7, return 'color4', else it checks whether its less then equals percentile_
26046: This line of Python script splits the string "stuff" into individual word(s). The result is stored in 'words' variable which contains
26047: This Python script checks the operating systems and returns appropriate command based on it. It uses conditional statements to check whether OS is UniX or Windows,
26048: This function returns the cell type of given input. It converts to lowecase and removes any leading or trailing whitespace from 'Cell Type
26049: This Python function flattens nested dictionary into one level deep and converts all values to string if they are not already strings or numbers but returns the
26050: This function raises an error if the input number is not within valid range. It then calculates and returns 'multiplied' value with some precision up
26051: This Python function takes an input 'num' and returns the square value.  The result will be formatted as string with two parts separated by ':'.
26052: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many times “two” can be raised to power n, where
26053: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26054: This Python function checks whether the list is empty, and returns Naan when it's true; otherwise calculates an average of all elements within that
26055: A Python dictionary that represents GeoJSON. The 'geom' key is used to store the geometry of an object, which can be any valid Geometry
26056: This line of Python script calculates the average value between an initial number and another. The result is then returned by function call, which can be used
26057: This Python script takes an array of command line arguments and converts them into options. It uses the first character in each argument to determine if it is
26058: Code: true. 10/3rd of the time, it will return an empty list; otherwise -> "Successfully connected to database
26059: If the input parameters are neither integers nor floats. Return their summation as result of function execution else return error message "Error".  Code sn
26060: This line of the given Python script checks if 'path' string ends with an "o" character, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition
26061: This function checks whether the inputs are numbers. If they aren't it raises an error with message "My add requires input that must both by integer
26062: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input parameters are '(a, b)' and n respectively where both values can be any real
26063: This Python script returns the list of file names associated with each symbol found within 'tags' dictionary. The files are returned ordered alphabetically by their
26064: This Python script generates an array of command line arguments based on the input parameters and returns it as list object if 'verbose' is set to true
26065: If the size of 'document' is less than or equal to that available in current screen, return zero. Else check whether position and its length
26066: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' type. If it’s not an integer or floating point number then convert to Float
26067: Return True if the string 's' equals to null, empty and False otherwise.  This function checks whether given input in Python returns true when it
26068: This function checks if the entire string is composed of whitespace characters only, ie., it returns True when given an input that contains no nonwh
26069: If the minimum and maximum of data are both zero, return half an array filled with ones; otherwise check whether any value in 'data' is less
26070: This Python function merges overlapping intervals and sorts them by their start time, then returns the sorted list of merged nonoverlapped interval pairs as
26071: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on its parameters and returns it as output or raises error when necessary conditions are not met like '
26072: This function takes two sequences as input and returns the string representation of them. The first sequence is joined with an empty space to form 'sequence' part
26073: This Python function calculates the value of two variables based on another. The first variable is calculated as 'square' and second one also square but with
26074: This line of Python script flattens the list 'lst' into one string with each element separated by comma and no space between elements using map
26075: This Python script is designed to handle different types of claims based on the type attribute in each claim object. The first condition checks whether 'globalcoordinates
26076: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
26077: This function takes an array of commands, removes the '--tuning' part from each command if it exists and returns them as one string with spaces
26078: This function returns an object with the argument "{name}" as its property.  The name is not used in any other part of your program,
26079: This Python script uses regular expressions to find and return the names of functions that are not present within any message from an input list 'messages'. The pattern
26080: A dictionary is created with five cells as keys and their corresponding temperature values are assigned to them in the form of floats or integers respectively using braces
26081: Split the term key into namespace and id part. Convert to LowerCase then combine with ':' symbol back in as final result  Code is used
26082: Creates an empty list.  Code is used to create and populate the given number of elements in it, with each element being randomly generated from
26083: This Python function splits the attribute chain of each collection object from an input list, and returns two lists - one with database names as first element while
26084: This Python function flattens an inputted nested lists into one single level using recursion and the builtin `isInstance` method to check if
26085: This function calculates the compound interest. It takes three parameters - principal amount, rate of Interest and time period in years as input to calculate Compound
26086: This Python function pads the end of string with zeros until it reaches length multiple by sixteen or more if there is any vacant space left at
26087: This Python function checks the type of 'input' variable and returns it as list or flattens nested lists. If input has only one element then
26088: This Python function generates all the time period between two years using their respective starting and ending year values as input parameters in form of tuples within an
26089: This Python script reads the input string, splits it into individual elements separated by spaces (" ") and converts each element to its corresponding floating point value
26090: This line of the program splits each string in 'entry' by ":" and stores them as separate variables; it also converts these strings to
26091: This Python script splits the input string into individual "tok"ns using space as delimiter and stores them inside an array, then returns that
26092: Fetches the architecture of an EC instance from AWS metadata service and returns it if available, otherwise return 'unknown'.  If no Tags are
26093: This python function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'a' to and including, multiplied by some number(s), which is then divided
26094: This script removes all spaces from the OCR text string as well patterns strings using Python's builtin replace() function with no arguments which replaces
26095: If the input 'enc' does not have an explicit value, it will return none; otherwise lowercase and replace underscores with hyphens to
26096: This Python function checks whether the input 'to_convert' can be converted into an integer. If it cannot convert and error will occur then return original
26097: This Python function retrieves the API key from either "read" or “write” authorization dictionary, depending on whether it exists in both d
26098: This script checks the existence of certain keys within nested dictionaries. If they don't exist, it returns an empty string; otherwise - according to
26099: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding 4 to it. The output is then returned by another method in your program,
26100: This Python script converts the input text into an alphanumeric string. It filters out all non numerical characters from it and then joins them
26101: This Python function retrieves all records from the given Excel file and returns their dimensions as rows x columns in an easy to read format." --
26102: If the input dictionary 'secerts' contains any of these keys, replace their values with placeholder text. Otherwise return original secret data as it was before
26103: This Python function performs bitwise operations on an integer. It shifts the bits of 'int' type to right by one, two places in each operation
26104: This is an example of conditional expression in Python. It checks the value 'q' and returns it, or else return not ('~', ‘
26105: This Python script returns the elements of 3D list as one dimensional. It uses List Comprehension to flatten out nested lists into single
26106: Checks if the action is set IAM Policy, then checks whether metadata key exists or it's absence doesn’t matter as long we are
26107: This Python function splits the input string into integers, if possible; otherwise it returns as is and leaves non integer values unchanged – using list comprehens
26108: This is an example of bitwise operation. It calculates the remainder when n bits are shifted to left by m places, which can be used in
26109: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation involves multiplying some value with minimum divided by another,
26110: This line of Python function returns the difference between two numbers, but it does not perform any arithmetic operations. It simply subtracts one number from
26111: This Python function takes as input the string 'text', and returns an array of all nonempty substrings found within that one space separated by spaces,
26112: If the first character of an input string is space, return it as text. Otherwise convert to Emojis and then join them together with spaces in
26113: A function that takes an entity and returns it in dictionary format. The returned object is named "returnDictionary" with the key 'ApiRespone
26114: This script generates dictionary of LaTeX and SLT content based on the given map, but only if there is no corresponding entry found from another maps
26115: This Python script converts all lowercase characters in the string to upper case and vice versa, depending on whether they are already capitalized or not
26116: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26117: This line of the given C++ function returns an optional type that can be either boost::none or some other specific cppType, depending on whether
26118: This function checks the input 'model' and returns tuple of two values based on which resnest models are being used in training or testing respectively; otherwise
26119: This Python function finds all the prime factors of an inputted integer, by continuously halving and checking if it's possible to divide evenly with
26120: This Python script calculates the binary equivalent of an integer. It takes as input one line containing only digits, and returns its decimal counterpart plus
26121: This Python function compares the third element of two lists 'a' and another list, but only returns either '-1', or "one" depending
26122: This Python function checks whether two strings are anagrams. It firstly verifies that both inputs to the method should be either integers and floats
26123: This line of the program returns an empty list. It's used to break up sections in outputting data, similar as how it is done with
26124: This function checks whether the input `is instance of` boolean and returns it as such; otherwise check its type firstly - then convert string into lower
26125: This function takes an input value, multiplies it by 4 and then rounds the result to nearest whole number. The final output is returned as per
26126: This function checks if the given RGB values are either blacks(#rgb{R=G=$B})), whites (#rrggbb))
26127: This Python function converts the given temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius or vice versa based on whether it's being passed
26128: This function takes in the coordinates of an area as input parameters. It then checks if these values fall within certain constraints defined by 'n' &amp
26129: A dictionary that maps numbers to characters. If the size is in our keys, it returns its corresponding character; otherwise return an empty string."""
26130: This Python script splits the given string into four parts and returns them in two separate variables, with indexing starting from zero as per standard python list
26131: If the length of 'text' is less than 2, return false. Otherwise check whether two consecutive characters in "text" are equal and returns
26132: This is an example of list comprehension. It creates and returns the empty array '[]' with each iteration through looping from 0 to n
26133: This script sorts the list of genes by their transcript IDs and then sorting each gene' s sublists within that same order based on its
26134: This Python function checks the value of 'units' and returns density in grams per cubic meter(s). If it is equal to either kg
26135: Create dictionary with keys as id, title and description from the given JSON object. Also include view count(s), like/ dislikes counts in
26136: This function returns three stars followed by the input message and then another set of 3 star. The returned result is in between these two parts with each
26137: This Python script creates two empty lists and iterates over the 'attribute' list with an index counter ('i'). If at any point of iteration is
26138: This Python script converts all alphanumeric characters to lowercase and removes special symbols. The result is then stored as string variable named `code
26139: This function calculates the output of an equation using four coefficients. The input is x, and it returns y = B[i] * X^
26140: This Python function generates the center points of all segments defined by two consecutive indices from an input list 'Edgess'. The result is returned as another
26141: This Python function returns the result of dividing its input by eight. It does so in gigabytes, not bytes or kilobyte units
26142: This function calculates the value of an expression based on some variables. The variable 'a' is multiplied by ‘e’ and then it
26143: This Python function checks the values of two variables and returns 'Still' in case both are equal to string value `“ still”`. If not
26144: This Python script is an infinite loop that calculates the pixel size based on world width. The calculation uses integer division to ensure accurate results, then increases
26145: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The inputs are tuples of length one with each containing
26146: This function checks if the input p has two elements of type string or integer. If it does not have exactly 3 components then returns False; otherwise
26147: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, then removes newline characters if they exist in it using Python's builtin replace function
26148: This function takes three parameters - two optional and one required. The first parameter 'if' checks whether an input variable named ```(`=var
26149: Checks if an element is present within the list. If it's not, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there are any
26150: This Python function checks whether two inputs are both lists. If they're of the same length it performs elementwise division on them; otherwise an error
26151: This script checks whether the environment variables DTOOL\_SMB_\* are set, then sets up SMB connection parameters accordingly using dtool'
26152: This Python script reads through the input file, splitting it into lines and then using regular expressions to find matches within each of those strings that look like '
26153: This line of the Python script checks if an item's "Type field matches any one out these four types".  It does so by checking whether
26154: This Python function takes an input list of actions and returns the one with maximum value. The dictionary 'restartActions' maps each string to its corresponding
26155: Code returns the string SKPar's response to 'say'.  The function takes an argument, which is presumably some input. It then concaten
26156: Sorts the list of ID strings in ascending order based on their numeric values, using regular expressions to extract numbers from each string and sort them
26157: This line of the given Python script calculates User Accessibility Index(UA). It takes into account different parameters such as the total weight, insulation
26158: This function takes in one word as input, removes duplicates and sorts the characters. It then joins all of these sorted letters together into an output string
26159: This Python script is used to create an Elasticsearch document. The "_operationType":"Index". It copies the '_souce' from '
26160: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26161: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26162: A dictionary that maps country names to their abbreviations. 1/3 of the keys are missing in both dictionaries, and values remain unchanged as
26163: This Python function pads the left of an integer with zeros until it reaches desired length. It takes two parameters; one is 'length' and another
26164: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an offset from center point on both axes. The values are calculated based off screen dimensions such as
26165: This line of the script splits URL into two parts using 'return' as separator and assigns second part to variable "tmp" which is
26166: If the length of "code" is less than 3, return it as zero padded. Otherwise just keep its original value returned by function call
26167: This Python script checks the hash algorithm used in an HTTP request. If no specific hashing method is provided, it defaults to SHA – one
26168: This Python function takes as input an n x m 1D list of numbers, where 'n' is the number rows and column or length on
26169: This Python function checks if one list is subset of another. It does so by converting the lists to sets and then checking whether each element in 'one
26170: If the result 'res' does nothing, return false; otherwise check whether attribute of that object has an attibute named stat with value ok or
26171: This line of Python script replaces the characters 'less than' with their HTML entities, which is equivalent to &amp;&#60;/
26172: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26173: This function checks if the HTTP response starts with "HTTP/1." in Python's requests library, which is used to send an HTTPS
26174: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an input string, which is always considered as 'filename' in our case and it spl
26175: Checks whether the two dictionaries have matching keys with values. If so, returns true; otherwise false and exit program gracefully in case of mism
26176: If the lengths of two intervals are different, raise an error.  Otherwise continue with processing... . This is checking to make sure that both input lists
26177: This Python function repeats the given 'symbol' as long it is less than or equal to an input value, then returns accumulated result.
26178: This Python function maps the integer input to its corresponding string representation. The mapping is done based on certain conditions and defaults in case of an unrecognized
26179: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
26180: This Python function takes in two arguments, the string 's' and an element that needs removal from it using split() method of python strings as input
26181: If the input sentence is empty or its length exceeds specified limit then it returns an emtpy list and zero. Else pads shorter sentences with z
26182: Convert the first character of each word in string to its corresponding ASCII value, add 3 and convert it back into an alphabetical letter.
26183: This Python function checks the input 'dimensionality' name and assigns an output string based on whether it is one of three specific values. If not
26184: If the string contains '-', remove it. Otherwise do nothing and leave as is; 10 lines of pure Python script that does exactly what'
26185: This script uses NLTK's corpuses to load English language specific 'Stop Words', then creates bigram tuples of the sentences
26186: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an input list. It first computes and stores its length, then sums all values to get their total
26187: This Python script counts the number of correct predictions made by comparing hypothesis and examples. It uses list comprehension to create an array with all elements that match
26188: This script is used to extract data from the 'page' dictionary. The output of each iteration represents one unique hash value and its corresponding information about files
26189: This line of the Python script checks if any part in 'CHROM' starts with either an uppercase letter, lower case letters and/or numbers
26190: This Python script reads the integers from filenames that match certain patterns and sorts them before returning their list of numbers, if an exception occurs during execution
26191: This Python function checks whether the provided index is within range of lowercase English alphabets. If it's in, then returns corresponding character
26192: This function returns the ceiling of x divided by 10, which is equivalent to rounding up in Python's builtin ceil() method
26193: This Python function calculates the standard deviation and average of an array 'array' using list comprehension with builtin functions like "sum" &
26194: This Python function calculates the total length of all string values found within an inputted dictionaries' items and returns that as its resultant output -
26195: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
26196: This function takes two parameters x and Y. It returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space after applying some transformation to it using another vector
26197: This Python script converts the environment variables into dictionary format using list comprehension and string method split() – one line solution to convert an array of
26198: This Python function takes as input two lists of strings and returns the dictionary created by replacing some elements. The first list is used to create an initial mapping
26199: If the lists are of different lengths then return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns difference between O's length with its corresponding list element in case one is
26200: If the length of 'branches' list isn’t zero and current item in iteration has type dictionary then recursively call function with next level
26201: This Python script calculates the value of 'rounded' based on some conditions and exits if it cannot calculate one due to an error in input
26202: This function counts the number of occurrences ('n')of each nucleotide present within an input sequence.  The output is four values representing
26203: This function calculates the cost of editing two strings. If both are empty, it returns 3 as there is no operation needed to make them equal
26204: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot convert into one then returns its original value as per
26205: This function checks if all characters of the first string are present as substrings within another. If yes, it returns 'Yes'. Otherwise,'No'
26206: This function takes an input of "angle" and returns the correct value based on whether it's less than zero, greater or equal to three times
26207: This function returns an empty list. It's not doing anything useful in the current context of its name and parameters but it is declared with no return
26208: This line of the given Python script is stripping leading and trailing whitespace from 'edxVideoId'. The resultant value, which should
26209: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
26210: Returns an object with caption and list of files that are considered as 'progeny' or parent.  The progenealcy is
26211: This Python function checks the type of input 'B' and performs different operations based on its types. If it’s an integer or string then returns
26212: If the length of 'paramA' is 1, return paramB. Else it returns concatenation with ', '. Join both parameters in between
26213: If the number of keys between two dictionaries differ or there's any key that doesn’t have an equal value across both dictionary types then return
26214: This function checks if the operator is an addition operation. 10/3 will be returned as "True" because it was added to another number
26215: This function splits the input list of entries into separate strings, each string is enclosed by parentheses. The output will be like "((
26216: This Python function sorts the unique elements in two lists and returns them. The first list is made up of all distinct characters from 'X' while that
26217: This function checks if two strings are equal. If the first string is longer than or shorter then it returns false, and also when they have different characters
26218: This Python script checks each character of the string 's'. If it encounters any characters that are not within ASCII range, i.e.,
26219: This Python script checks whether the first and second characters of two strings are either both "-", in which case it returns an empty space, equals to return
26220: This function takes an input string, removes all commas from the value and returns it as integer type in python 3+ only if possible otherwise raises
26221: This line of the script creates two dictionaries from given lists and sorts them to ensure that all unique elements are present with their corresponding index values assigned by
26222: If both minor/majors, return as major. Else check the status of each category in turn -> returns either min or maj depending
26223: If the object does not exist, return 'None'. Else returns its text attribute" 	Explanation of what it's doing and
26224: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26225: This script splits the given data into two lists of coordinates based on 'input' and then creates another list with these coordinate pairs by splitting each line
26226: This Python function checks if the word from one list of notes can be found within another, and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise
26227: This Python function converts an input string to its ASCII representation. Any character with the Unicode value greater than 127 is replaced by
26228: This Python script generates an empty line or space based on the number of rows and columns. It also keeps track if it is at end row to decide
26229: This function returns the first occurrence of 'in' string from given input. If not found, it will throw an error message "Not Found".
26230: This function calculates the maximum distance between two rectangles. It takes as input their start and end points in 1D space; it returns how
26231: This Python function takes an input sequence, reverses it using the given DNA complements and returns its reverse. The complex part is that we have to
26232: If the length of sequence is 98 or more, return true. Otherwise it returns false; otherwise do nothing and end programmatically with an
26233: This script checks the first line of input to determine which type it is and then returns that as output, based on what tool was used in previous lines
26234: This function checks if the first character of each string in an input list is not equal to "!". It also ensures that there are more than
26235: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the first line of an input file, which should be in 'version' format and return that matched number if
26236: This line of the script calculates and stores in 'top' variable, which is used to determine whether it will be better or worse when buying/
26237: This Python function concatenates two input strings with an exclamation mark ("!!!") in between. The result is returned as tuple of shouted sentences ('
26238: This line of Python script calculates the height above sea level in meters given an input list. The formula is based on lambda function and it takes
26239: This Python script takes two bounding boxes and calculates their intersection area. The result is then printed out in the console or returned as an output of
26240: This piece of Python script attempts to access the value in 'dictionary' using two keys, field and sub_key. If these are not found
26241: This Python function retrieves the reference href value if it exists within an input dictionary or nested lists of dictionaries; otherwise raises error message indicating that no
26242: This function calculates the square root of an input number 'b' by using mathematical properties and functions from Python’s Math module, which includes logarith
26243: This Python function creates an array of values from the input list 'value' but with None appending at every second position starting after index 1 because
26244: If the length of sequence minus 'k' plus 1 is less than one, return an empty list. Otherwise generate and returns sublists from se
26245: This Python script is used to clean the paths by adding single quotes around any non-"'"' characters at end of each string, and then sorting
26246: This Python function implements an adaptive learning rate algorithm, which is used in deep neural networks to adjust the initial value of Learning Rate during training process based
26247: This Python script splits the input by commas and returns list of stripped strings from each split section, if any are left after splitting it will
26248: This function checks whether the value of 'i' is equal to 9. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false will be returned by
26249: This line of the given Python script returns an attribute "trace_id" from any dictionary object. The purpose is to extract and display trace IDs
26250: This Python function takes in two parameters - the current date's day and its corresponding "day of week". It then checks whether it is December.
26251: This function calculates the weighted average of two numbers, where 'weight' is an input parameter that determines how much influence each number has on total sum
26252: This Python script splits the string "sample" into separate elements, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and returns them as list
26253: This Python function rearranges the given list of tuples to ensure that each tuple has exactly two elements. If there are more than 3
26254: This function calculates the running mean and variance of an incoming sample. It uses exponentially weighted moving average to calculate it in one pass through data stream
26255: This function checks whether the input data type of 'int' or not. If it returns true then return 1 else false and vice versa in
26256: This python function calculates the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. The line is defined as an equation in standard form ax+by
26257: This Python function takes as input the dictionary `scores` and returns another dict with keys from 'Master' that maps to lists of tuples
26258: This function returns the string with two lines of comments. This is useful when debugging or logging purposes, as it provides context to what'
26259: Returns the channels in specified group.  The "probe['...' is an example of how to access nested dictionaries and lists, while 'return
26260: This function calculates the distance in inches by converting centimeters to feet and then dividing it with an approximate conversion factor of one inch per ten
26261: This function returns the grade based on how many peaks are detected in an image. The grades A, B and C represent less than 0 to more
26262: This Python function checks the type of input parameters and raises an error when they are incorrect. It also ensures that 'x' coordinates do indeed fall within
26263: This function checks if the SQL statement contains "SET search path". It does so by using regular expressions to match any line that starts with 'Set'
26264: This line of the given Python script joins two lists together, separated by '.' and then appended with another string which is also joined into one list
26265: This is an if statement that returns the value of two power minus one when first condition fails. If it does, then second part will be executed and
26266: An error is thrown when there's not exactly 3 dots in real ip. This can be due to bad input or malicious activity on our
26267: This function returns the winner of an election based on home score and away scores. If both are equal, it's drawn; otherwise return either '
26268: Returns the requested information in one line. The output is formatted as per your requirements and includes all necessary details about each lane of interest from an input file
26269: This Python function returns the result of an arithmetic expression. The operation is simple, it takes two numbers and performs multiplication before addition to get final output
26270: This Python script creates an indexed dictionary from the 'consumer data' where each key is age and value corresponds to another dict with same keys but
26271: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
26272: This function checks if an object has exactly 4 elements. It also ensures that these four are either integers or floats only by using the isInstance
26273: If the size of b is less than 8KB, return it in Binary format; otherwise convert to KB or MB and so on until reach
26274: This line of the given Python script creates an identical copy to 'coverage' and then returns it as list with each element annotated by its corresponding
26275: This line of Python script converts the dictionary 'd' into another one called "e". It does so by iterating over each key and value
26276: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it had been run through Python's builtin str method, but with no parent
26277: This Python function converts degrees to hours and minutes. It takes the degree as input in float format or integer form; it calculates how many full
26278: This script uses environment variables to configure AWS credentials using BOTO3 library's argparse module – it sets the necessary arguments required by Amazon
26279: This Python function replaces the prefix of an integer with “hex” if it ends in L. It then returns that string without any leading z
26280: This Python function converts curly braces into double ones, but only if they are not inside other pairs of the same type ('{}'). If
26281: This script is used to find the specific python packages from given list of Python Packages. If found, it returns that particular Package else return none if not
26282: This Python script is used to find the next closing bracket from an input string. It uses iterative approach and checks each character of given list one
26283: If the value of 'x' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "1" no matter what other values are passed to
26284: This function returns an AWS Lambda resource policy that checks if two values are equal. The input is the actual and expected result of comparison in JSON format
26285: This python function calculates the VAT paid on an item. It takes in two parameters - 'price' and ‘VATExtra’
26286: This script appends the first element of class name source to target' elements in HTML page using JavaScript/JQuery by getting all targets with given className
26287: Adds the 'if' statement to check whether or no longer needed stripping of whitespace is present within given string, and replaces it with
26288: This function checks the first part of an input path and returns corresponding dimension value. If it can not find any match, then raises error with appropriate message
26289: This function checks if the input string is one of four possible values ("A","K" or both, and not case sensitive).  It returns True
26290: Check the status of multiple or one specific Sensor. If there are more than two, it returns 'Multiples' if true and otherwise unknown;
26291: This function checks if the string 'hdmx' is present within an object of type `fontTables`. If it does, then returns
26292: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The absolute values are used to ensure that distances can be positive or negative,
26293: This function converts labels to K8s specific format, converting instance type and other common names into the appropriate ones in kubectl commands or
26294: This Python function calculates the number of times one can perform an action in given time. The result is how many tasks you need to complete on average
26295: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers using Pythagorean theorem and returns it as an output, which is
26296: This line of Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements from two lists. It uses builtin function 'zip' to pair up nodes and
26297: This function takes in two parameters, an array of strings and the number to split at. It returns all elements from that index onwards as one string
26298: This Python function returns the quotient and remainder of division by one billion. The result is in decimal form, with only two digits after decim
26299: This function calculates the result of m times an input value 'x' and adds constant term, which is stored in variable "c". The output
26300: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26301: If both 'bra' and the other variable are zero, return false. Otherwise check whether they match; otherwise it returns true as default case in Python
26302: This Python script creates an empty list and then adds all elements of the input iterable 't' to it. The result is returned as output from
26303: This function checks whether the string contains any of "/", "\"," and “:" characters, as well possibly also '*' character at end;
26304: This function returns the length of time it takes to process an HTTP request based on its mean value in terms 3 categories - short, medium or long
26305: This line of Python script returns the intersection between two lists. It uses list comprehension to create and output new List which contains only those elements that are
26306: This is an implementation of the "Knuth–Morris‐Pratt" algorithm, which finds all occurrences in one string where pattern
26307: This Python script calculates the value of 'c' by iterating over an array with values from 0 to `r`. The variable "
26308: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an integer N and second one it's original String. It returns new modified version of inputted
26309: This Python script sorts the given dictionary of attribute names and their corresponding values by descending order based on these sorted results to generate an output string with comma
26310: If the request is valid, return API version of object. Else returns an empty dictionary – indicating that there was no such information available to provide
26311: Create an object to store the information about different types of URLs and their associated configuration details, such as HTTP or HTTPS type with version
26312: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on parameters. The input is three variables and one output variable which are calculated as per given conditions
26313: Implemented function that returns an object with type 'Impl' and two expressions as properties.  The first is the expression given in ```{
26314: This function returns the angle in degrees that corresponds to zoom level 'x' on an equirectangular map, with values ranging from +/-97
26315: This function returns the unique elements of an input list in ascending order.  It uses Python's builtin set and sort functions to achieve that
26316: This Python function takes as input the queue and list of condition functions to check if they are met on it or not; then returns all those that meet
26317: If the object has no elements then return it as such; otherwise iterates over its keys and checks whether each key's value points to `None
26318: This function returns the path to save an object in pickled format. The folder is specified and then appends "_" followed by target name with unders
26319: This Python function returns the string representation of an object, but only if it's not present within some predefined list. If so ->
26320: Checks if the provided string starts with "arntwawspolicy" in AWS IAM Policy ARN format."  This is done
26321: Code is returning the three variables - an instance of Agent class and its environment. The variable 'history' contains all past interactions between user/agent with
26322: This function calculates the Exponentially Weighted Moving Average of given data. The metric is calculated as EWMA and alpha parameter determines
26323: Code is used to create an object of type 'MyClass' with properties and methods. The class has two fields, one integer field named "num
26324: This Python function calculates the difference between two elements in an array, and returns “zero” if they are equal. If not it will return
26325: This Python script creates an empty 'set' to store unique data counts from the given list of lines, then it splits each individual string on spaces
26326: This function is used to calculate the coordinates of an image window in terms 1D indexing. The size and position are defined by 'windowsiz
26327: This line of the given Python script returns only part before last dot in file name using rsplit() function and indexing method []. The result is
26328: This function calculates the value of an expression based on three variables and two powers in Python using mathematical operations with different weights given to each variable's
26329: This function returns the Terraformed URL based on cloud and project. (END SUMMARY).   [Hint - Break it down into smaller
26330: This line of the program converts all text to lowercase and splits it into individual "word" elements, then returns their count which is also
26331: This script is used to calculate the availability of targets in an event. It takes into account both current and past events, as well any future dates that
26332: This function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. It does so by adding the modulo of 'num' divided and multiplied with
26333: This function calculates the average of all elements in data.  It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate it, which is efficient and conc
26334: This function calculates the probability of success in an experiment with two independent Bernoulli trials. The first trial is successful if its outcome equals to one
26335: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the list [n] where each element is either "FizBuz" or its corresponding integer value
26336: Removes all null characters from the string 'unicode_contents'.  It replaces any remaining '\x' with an empty space to remove them
26337: This Python script calculates the sum of absolute values X and Y when an inputted value is 9 or -13, else it returns Z
26338: This function returns True if the input number is odd, False otherwise. It checks whether 'num' modulo with two gives any remainder other than zero
26339: This line of the Python script splits each word in 'token' by '-'. The result is an array where every element represents one part/word
26340: This is an arithmetic series where the ratio of consecutive terms in each term increases by one. The formula used to calculate it, n^(3
26341: If the string contains // in it.  Else return original input as is; end of function definition block/code snippet detection and removal
26342: This function splits the input string 'name' into an array of substrings using space as delimiter and then joins them with underscore.
26343: Checks if the types of two variables are equal. If they're not and one is boolean with value 'true', it converts that to
26344: This line of the function calculates and returns absolute difference between two values. The first value is subtracted from second, then it's taken its
26345: If the given 'distance' is zero, return Zero. Else calculate and Return half of that value multiplied by two divided with five as
26346: This Python function takes in two parameters, 's' and ':'. It checks if the string contains ":" using rfined() method of python
26347: This function checks if the volume key exists within each dictionary. If it does not exist or there's an error during execution then returns false; otherwise
26348: This function reverses the order of bits in an integer.  It does so by converting it to binary, then flipping its digits and finally
26349: This function returns the URL of an arXive paper with given ID, which is formatted as 'http(s):\/\/(www.)?
26350: If there are no data points, return zero. Otherwise calculate the time difference between last and first point in list of 'Spikes'. Return infinity
26351: This Python script adds two nodes to the graph with an edge between them. The first node is connected directly from its own position and second one connects it
26352: This function calculates the number of steps needed to reach 90% positive results in an experiment. The percentage is given as input and it returns
26353: This Python function takes as input the string of space separated word/phrase, and returns an alphabetically sorted version with duplicates removed using set to
26354: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
26355: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the values of 'q', '-'*'-'. 3 times. in that order as output from one
26356: This function checks the type of 'collectioin' and returns different lists based on its types - dictionary or list/tuple inputted by user
26357: This function returns last two digits of year. If input is outside its defined validity period it raises an error message "Year out Of Range". Otherwise
26358: Removes duplicates from the given input.  It converts it to set, then back into List data type in Python which is more memory efficient
26359: This function checks if the given dictionary of notes matches with another one by comparing each key and value pair from both dictionaries respectively using 'annotated
26360: Returns the string $1 with domain appended to it.  Example usage is 'code("example")' which returns `"https://www."
26361: This function takes all the parameters of an object as input from its `__init__(...)` method or any other methods that are called after it'
26362: This function checks if the value is within specified lower bound & upper bounds.  It returns True only when val falls between these two values, else it
26363: This Python function merges overlapping intervals and sorts them based on the start of each interval, using an efficient approach to merge similar ones with O((
26364: This line of the script splits "painting" by '!' and returns second part which is then returned as output from function call, i
26365: This Python script counts the number of truthy values present within an array. It does so by iterating over each element, checking if it's
26366: This function calculates the result of an amplitude multiplied by x divided to some power index.  The input parameters are amplitudes and powers, which
26367: This line of the program calculates and returns an output based on two input variables, 'Y' &amp;#40;&lt;/code
26368: This Python function calculates the energy of an atom in water. The formula is derived from molecular dynamics simulations, where it's used to calculate how
26369: This function converts the input to an integer. If it's not possible due either type conversion or exception handling then returns original data as default return
26370: This function checks whether the "values['desired']” is equal to “value[‘curren’t]". If they are same
26371: This script reads an input string, splits it into lines and processes each line according to the grammar rule format "word -> word | ... ".
26372: If no arguments are given, return the 'extra' ones. Else check whether second argument is "-", and then remove it from list of args
26373: This Python function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as three numbers representing differences of coordinates along each axis
26374: This function tries to convert the input x into float. If successful, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that conversion was not possible due some
26375: This python script generates an output string by alternating between dashes and the characters of 'mac'. The loop iterates over every other character from index
26376: This Python function splits the file name of an object based on its type and returns one among several predefined strings, depending upon what kind it
26377: This Python script creates an array of length 'numKerns' with the first element set to zero and all other elements are calculated as per formula
26378: This line of the Python function checks if 'domain_ids' is within range [1,  = >  ] and returns True or False. The
26379: “”),row)]))]).decode('utf8')])[0][1].encode()+"\n")'```
26380: This line of Python script splits the 'keywords' string into individual key terms using comma as delimiter and returns them in list format,
26381: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26382: This Python function checks the string "outererr". If it doesn't find any pattern, then an empty result will be returned; otherwise - according
26383: Generates the list of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two lists x and 𝑦. The difference is calculated by taking their subtraction
26384: This function calculates the ratio of x to its maximum and minimum values. It is used in some machine learning algorithms, such as gradient descent optimization methods
26385: This function returns '10' when the input value is between -inf to +infinity, or undefined. Otherwise it will return "None
26386: This function checks if the list is empty, OR it contains only one element that matches with its first item.  It returns True when both conditions are
26387: This Python script calculates the result of an operation using Numpy library. The input is subtracted from another variable, then squared and divided
26388: This script reads the Changelogs and stores them into dictionaries, which are then used to generate reports or other data analysis tasks later on using pand
26389: This function takes an element name as input and returns the second word of that string after splitting it by underscores (_).  It's used
26390: This Python function removes byte order marks from the start of strings, if they exist at their beginning and are not part “normal” data on your
26391: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26392: This Python function counts the number of rows/columns on an nxn matrix. It returns True if it's 3*3, False
26393: This python function calculates the total mass of an animal based on its length and flipping ability. The formula is simple, it's just adding
26394: This line of the script filters out any entries from 'toc' that do not have an associated URL. It then creates new vectors with only those elements
26395: This script is used to filter out tups with empty strings at index 4 from the given list of tuple items and then appends them into another
26396: If the given number is zero, it returns an empty string.  This function does not do anything with its argument and simply checks whether or no that
26397: This line of the Python script finds and returns minimum between two numbers. The maximum number is determined by comparing both input values with each other to find out
26398: This Python function is used to update the value of an element in dictionary. If it's less than zero then set its new minimum as one else
26399: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers. If one or both are less than zero it will set them to be at least -inf but
26400: This Python function prints the start of adding two numbers together followed by their result then end statement about what is being done with these values respectively..  The
26401: This line of the Python function returns three values from an integer. The first two bits are extracted and masked with all ones to get only lower byte
26402: If the input number 'ist_bi' in variable "is bilangu" equals zero, return value of function will be returned as float with decimal
26403: This function takes two parameters - 'normal' and '-standard', then calculates the values of x as ‘twice normal’ minus one.
26404: This line of the Python script checks if an empty or whitespace only input is provided, and returns True in such cases to indicate that it's
26405: This line of the Python script returns only part after last slash in file name using rindex() function, which is used to find index or position
26406: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty, and returns 'No Mongodb Field' otherwise it splits up an incoming mongodbf
26407: This script processes the "--variable=value"-style arguments from Python's sys.argvs and stores them into dictionaries as variables to be
26408: This function converts the extension of files to lowercase and returns its corresponding programming language, if it's one among python/JavaScript(JS
26409: If the request object doesnt have an attribute named "_messages", it returns false. Otherwise return true and set that as "level".  This is
26410: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26411: This Python function tries to return the values of "settings" dictionary. If these keys ("steps", “X pos”, and 'Y Pos
26412: If the expected and actual responses are different or missing keys return false; otherwise true – Code compares two dictionaries to check whether they have identical
26413: If the 'exposure' object exists and has at least one element in its sets, return status label of second item from that list; otherwise
26414: This line of Python script is used to get the preferred language and country from user input in JSON format using '{}' syntax with python string method .
26415: This line of Python script converts the NMEA string to floating point number by dividing it with '10'. The result is then returned
26416: This script is used to create and manage user' permission levels. It takes two lists as input - one with subject names of the users who have their
26417: This line of Python script checks whether the input message is an empty string or not. If it's true, then return newline character; otherwise
26418: This Python script splits the input string into individual "fields" based on ':' character and stores them as dictionary with their indices using python's
26419: If the distance is greater than or equal to zero, it will return 'zero' otherwise else returns its reciprocal. Else part of an
26420: This Python script uses dictionary to replace certain HTML entities with their corresponding characters and then applies the replacement on given string 'text'.  The function returns modified
26421: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an object's coordinate system is in WGS84. If it isn’t then we
26422: This function checks if the input number is palindrome. It converts n to string and then compares it with its reverse, returning True or
26423: If the length of 'vertext' is equal to two, return three elements as ('x', y ,z). Else just returns original vertices
26424: This Python function takes an input string and applies the Caesar cipher to it by shifting each character in alphabetical order within its range of ASCII
26425: Code: ::Bool    Checks if the string contains "::", ".:" or either of its keywords.  If it does, returns True;
26426: This program has functions with time complexities of different orders. The factorial, fibbonaci and towerOfHanio are the most common ones
26427: This script is used to find the network interface card that matches with MAC address. If no such NIC found it will return 'None'.  Code
26428: This function checks if the first word of an object is "WatchList". If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or exception handling
26429: This function checks whether the greatest common divisor of k and 'p' is not 1. If it isn’t one then an error message
26430: This Python script reads the input string and returns its first line. If there is no newline character, it will return all characters until end of file
26431: This Python function converts time in hours into degrees and returns the equivalent value of each unit as an integer or float number with 3 decimal places precision
26432: If the top of an image is 2, it returns bottom and then finally return value from function. This means that in some cases where there'
26433: If the length/numberofdigitsofthegiveninputisnotequaltosix, it raises an error.  This is to ensure that
26434: This function takes an array of tokens and returns the joined string. The result is obtained by joining all elements in 'token' list with no separator
26435: If the variable 'something' in Python, return its value as string. Else it returns an exclamation mark followed by whatever was passed to
26436: This line of the script creates an object with properties 'cons' and its value is another dictionary containing key/value pairs. The values in these keys
26437: This function converts the given integer to its binary representation. ..., and returns it as an array of digits in reverse order which is
26438: This function takes an input, checks whether it's `None` and returns the string representation of that. If not none then return its original form
26439: This is an implementation of the equation k*(-1/T)*log(c/(cl_k)). It's used to calculate temperature in
26440: This Python function calculates the number of steps it takes from 0 upto and including 'n' if we start with an initial product as one
26441: This function uses the Fibonacci sequence to generate two consecutive numbers in each iteration. The first number is simply copied from 'pre' variable
26442: This function calculates the value of an equation using polynomial regression. The input is 'x' and returns y = f(x). Here, x
26443: This Python script converts all the characters of each word to lowercase and returns them as list, one by line using extend function from python's
26444: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty, and also ensures that it starts with either single quotes (" ") –or— double quotation
26445: This Python function generates an array of lists where each list has alternating values and the first/last elements are always '[2].' The other
26446: This Python script uses list comprehension to create an array of keys that start with the path provided as argument and then creates another dictionary by replacing all these
26447: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26448: If the given string is found at specified path, return true. Else it returns false or original input as fallback value – which can be
26449: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26450: This Python script generates the list of squares on which white player can move.  It does so by iterating over each 'row' and then within
26451: This Python function replaces all newline characters in the input string with spaces. If there are no arguments, it will return an empty space separated list
26452: This python script calculates the process time between two timestamps. It takes in 3 arguments - three different timestamp values and returns their difference as
26453: This Python script splits an input string of AccessIONs into separate, one line strings and then extract the last part from each resulting sublist to
26454: This Python function checks whether the input number 'p' is divisible by another given integer, in other word it returns true or false. The condition
26455: If the variable 'art' does not exist, return false. Otherwise check whether its name ends with ".json".  Return result of that operation as
26456: Code returns an object with exchange configuration details. The returned dictionary contains the balance information and logging settings of different exchages in its 'balances'
26457: This function tries to call the object and if it fails due an error in method or type then returns original value of that variable.  It is used
26458: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'order' dictionary and appends each value to its corresponding key from another "words
26459: This function takes in two parameters and if the first parameter equals to 'example' then second should be returned. Otherwise status will default as `{code
26460: This function checks whether the given 'dict' has nested keys or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition – ie.,
26461: This function checks if the given URL contains either "https://www.youtubeybe" OR “http:/ / www . youtube
26462: This Python function calculates the time taken by an operation in minutes and seconds. It takes two timestamps as input to calculate their difference which gives
26463: This line of the program calculates and assigns values to two variables based on an array 'box'. The first variable is calculated by subtracting half
26464: If the parameter 'param' of function `func` with argument ‘count’ equals to one or none then return its value as string. El
26465: Returns true if x is an odd number and its rightmost digit in binary representation equals 0. Otherwise, returns false or the result of other operations
26466: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with lists of dictionaries. The keys are the category names, while each value is another list
26467: This function takes two parameters - name and version. It returns the concatenation of these with an additional message about their usage in programming language Python 3
26468: Returns whether the post has an author that starts with 'r' followed by any number of characters, then is prefixed as "-".  This checks
26469: This python script is used to find all the game ids that are associated with given 'userId'. It uses list comprehension and dictionary access method
26470: This Python function counts the number of seats that are empty or unoccupied around an object with given parameters, which is either "X" if it
26471: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from "chainNames". The function 'next' returns first item that satisfies condition. If no
26472: This Python function takes in an input string of the form "groupId::artifactId[:version]", and returns two strings - one with just GroupId alone
26473: This line of the given Python function checks if both image height and width are divisible by three. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is
26474: This function checks whether the given 'name' is equal to or starts with an empty string. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true
26475: This function returns the string 'Flag:' followed by whatever is stored in variable `'`. (Note that it should be noted, however
26476: This Python script uses list comprehension to process the data from an SQL query and transforms it into two lists. The first one contains all unique U
26477: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The first number is multiplied by itself and assigned to 'num_token', while second one
26478: This Python script checks whether the given object has type OS :: Nova Server. If it does then returns True else false or raises an exception depending on what
26479: This line of the given Python script checks if an object is within bounds. The variable 'col' holds column index, while varible ‘rows
26480: This function returns the OID of an object in OpenSSL. The returned value is stored as string and can be used to identify objects uniquely within your
26481: This function calculates the maximum number of VMs that can be created with given RAM and CPU. It takes into account both requested memory per Vm
26482: Generates num spaces as string.  For example, generate("*",3," ") will return '***' . This is done by using the
26483: A function that creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from two lists. The keys are taken directly form one list, while their corresponding
26484: This Python function converts the input mass from kilograms to grams. It then rounds off that converted number upto six decimal places using built
26485: This line of the given Python script is an assertion that checks if there are exactly four elements in 'BBox' list. If not it raises Assert
26486: This function checks whether the given data is an instance of list or not. If it's true, then return 'array', else convert and store
26487: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic shift left operation on 'hi' by 64 bits. The result will be
26488: Creates an array of size 'n' with all elements as 1. The result is returned in the form ['a']*. This function creates
26489: This function calculates the area of an equilateral triangle using Heron's formula. The input is c, which represents one side length in
26490: A function that takes an integer number and multiplies it by another. The result is then subtracted from the original, one less than itself to avoid
26491: This loop iterates over each element of `list1` and checks if it contains an item with value equal to "None". If such is found
26492: This function returns the next two numbers in sequence. The first is one more than before and second after that which are 3 steps ahead of their previous
26493: This script is used to convert the "Repository Version" field from string format into an integer value that can be compared with other values or stored as such
26494: This function matches the pattern "<character> followed by one or more digits, then an underscore and finally any word characters." If it finds
26495: This Python script initializes several variables and sets the 'response' variable to be true. It also has no functionality other than these three lines of codes
26496: This script prints the name of an input file, its current working directory and checks if it exists in both absolute path or relative to cwdir;
26497: Replaces the old string in Cruise with new one using replace() function of Python's str class – Code is replacing 'Cruisy
26498: This Python function checks the input "time" and returns either an indicator value ('i') if it is one of two predefined scales, otherwise
26499: This Python script is an infinite loop that increments the variable 'd' until it finds such number which when raised to power of 9 gives remainder
26500: This Python script splits the string into individual rows, removes leading whitespace from each row and then joins them back together with new行字符 ("
26501: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = f(x). The coefficients are given in an array. It uses five different powers of 'x'
26502: This script sorts the points by their z coordinates and then finds out which of three given ‘points’ has minimum Z coordinate. The result is returned
26503: This Python script is used to find the size of an object with id equal "list_id" from 'all lists state'. The function returns
26504: This line of Python script returns the SQL query to select all records from '{table_names}' table.  It uses string formatting and variable
26505: This function copies the parameters and prepares them as required by another part of your program or script using Python's builtin functions like `deep copy
26506: This function checks if the energy of an object is less than or equal to its given maximum. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise
26507: This function takes an object's attribute dictionary and returns the same data but with some modifications to make it more compact or easier on one line if possible
26508: This Python script increases or decreases the reward of an AI based on its position in 3D space, with some limits to prevent it from going out
26509: This function returns the product of two tuples' second elements.  The first element is taken from tuple one, and then it multiplies that
26510: This function checks the validity of credit card numbers. It returns true only when number is valid and false otherwise based on its length or first two digits
26511: This function returns different values based on whether the user is currently logged in or not, returning one tenth of its normal value when they are authed
26512: This Python function calculates the Intersecting Objects Percentage Union score. It takes two lists as input, compares them element by elements
26513: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26514: This Python function takes an integer as input, and returns the same value if it is zero. Otherwise，it calculates modulus of 'total number
26515: This line of the given Python script is creating and assigning to "newString". It concatenates vendor, name & version from 'vnd'
26516: Calculates the total amount of "FUEL" required to launch an object with given mass. The function calcula...   [END]
26517: This function returns the string 'high' when input is 0, and otherwise it will return either of two strings. The limit index determines which one
26518: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26519: Removes empty values from nested dictionaries/lists using recursion – Code written by [Your Name]. The function takes as input an arbitrary dictionary
26520: This function takes an abstract syntax tree and returns the name of its expression. If there are indices to it in brackets notation formulated as string list
26521: This python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists p and 𝑦, where each element is subtracted from corresponding elements of
26522: If the length of string ‘S’ is less than that by one character then swap and calculate scores. Else return zero as there're
26523: This line of the given GoLang script checks if 'ARCH' environment variable is set to be equal with value `arhc` and also
26524: This function calculates the average length of two strings. If one or both are empty, it returns zero as there is no "short" string to
26525: This function checks if the given string contains any '.' character. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no
26526: This function calculates the average of two numbers, given their respective counts.  It does so by adding them together and then dividing that summation
26527: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26528: This Python function takes as input an array of command line parameters, and returns the same list but formatted with double quotes around long strings that are longer than
26529: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26530: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "s" that are followed by both '\r' and '\\', with
26531: This python script calculates the square, fourth and sixth power of an input number. The result is then printed out in descending order with their corresponding
26532: If the object's data is not of DateTime, return it as an instant; otherwise do nothing and just give back what was passed in –
26533: This function checks if the current value of 'index' is within any range defined by tuples from list "data_cuts". If it does
26534: This line of Python script returns the input string with all non alphabetic characters removed and converted to lower case, stripping off any leading/
26535: This Python function checks whether the first character of an entered string is alphabetic, then it removes all nonalphabetical characters from both ends
26536: This function checks whether an input string can be considered as one of several keywords. If it's not, then return that keyword else returns None """
26537: This line of the Python script is stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from 'cause' variable and returning it as string without extra spaces in
26538: This function takes in four parameters, checks which ones are present. If all of them exist it returns the information as string with format "Department -
26539: This line of the given Python script is responsible to swap two elements in 3D array. The first element, one and second are coordinates on x
26540: This Python function checks whether the value of 'First Unit' is greater than that in variable named as `Last unit`. If it does then returns
26541: This Python function splits the input string into individual sentences, then reverses each word if its length is greater than 4 characters and leaves it as
26542: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with substrings of the input string, one character at each index from start to end -
26543: If the string 'Genius' is found in variable `artist`, set its value to be assigned as new name of our function. El
26544: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
26545: This function checks whether the length of an input string is 40 characters, and returns false otherwise or true when it's correct with all dig
26546: Returns the first occurrence of an element from list. If not found, returns None – O(n). This is similar to Python's built
26547: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" and then returns longest one as output from function 'find_longest'.  The
26548: This Python function keeps going until it finds the shortest sequence from 'LOSTUSeqs' that is equal to some part of another shorter one
26549: This Python function calculates the remainder of division by absolute values. It takes two arguments, 'abs's and returns their quotient with respect to
26550: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and performs an action based on its value. If it’s not one among two types –
26551: This Python function calculates the cross product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both input V
26552: This function checks if the four points defined by two sets of coordinates are overlapping. If they overlap it returns true; otherwise false is returned based on
26553: This Python script is used to create an empty array, then iterates over each group of attached Policiy objects and appends them into the '
26554: This Python script splits the URL into two parts based on '?' and returns only first part of it, ignoring any query parameters in case there
26555: If the length of u and/or vector is not equal to its corresponding element then it raises an error. It also returns another tuples that
26556: This Python script creates and returns the reversed version of each character sequence within an input pattern list, creating another output that is essentially mirrored around
26557: If the input 'list' object isn’t provided or it doesn‘ t have an instance of List then convert that to one. Else return
26558: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26559: This Python script checks whether the last character of each string in an input list is either '\' or newline ('\\') and returns modified version with
26560: This script generates test data by creating pairs of objects and their types, with the number being randomly selected from 1 to 'number'. The function is
26561: This Python function calculates the weighted average of values. If weights are zero or not provided it returns 'None'. Otherwise return result as per formula "
26562: If the value of 'p' is equal to four, it returns one. This function does not do anything else and simply checks whether or no "
26563: This line of the CRC calculation is performing an exclusive OR operation on 'l_crc' and then shifting it to right by eight bits.
26564: This line of the program initializes an empty list called "sequence" and assigns it to be equal with 'dataset' variable. It also creates
26565: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words" and returns them as list, excluding any empty strings resulting from splitting on whitespace
26566: If the '"@' id"'s exist, return its value. Else check whether there is an array of graph elements and get their first element
26567: This Python function checks if two given intervals intersect. If they do not return 'True', otherwise it returns the intersection of these 4 variables in one
26568: This Python function raises an error when the input is not within range [min, max]. It then returns two parts of that number. The first part
26569: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' with two attributes, name and age. It also includes methods like get_
26570: This Python function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It ignores spaces and only compares alphanumeric characters in both
26571: This function adds the number 'monto' to an arbitrary constant value of "20". The result is then returned. It does not use any
26572: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/copying all elements in an array.  It's very useful when you
26573: This Python function replaces each string found within the input list with its corresponding translation from an external dictionary if it exists; otherwise returns original strings as they
26574: This Python script creates an empty list and two sets to keep track of the unique elements encountered so far along with all other items that are neither '**
26575: This function calculates the relative error of an estimate. It takes as input two values, noise and response; it returns how much more accurate that value
26576: This function converts the input bytes to an integer. The first byte is converted into its equivalent ASCII value, and then it's used as
26577: If 'a' is less than the value of variable B then swap values.  This operation does not affect variables A and/or any other data
26578: Returns the number of Unicode characters in text.  Code units are used to represent individual grapheme clusters, which is an important concept when
26579: This Python script takes an ASCII string as its argument and returns the same, but only if it contains lowercase letters. If not all characters are
26580: This function checks the input range of years, raises an error when it receives none or incorrectly formatted data. If only one year in given then returns
26581: This function returns the lines of dialog that contain specific speakers.  The input is an array 'allDialog' and string "speaker". It will
26582: This function takes an object of type DQNModel and returns the dimensions required by that model as defined within its configuration file (.yaml). The
26583: This function takes an integer as input and checks whether it is within the valid ranges. If not, raises value error with message "out_of"
26584: This function returns an HTML table row with two cells. The first cell contains the key and second one - value of pair in dictionary format as string representation
26585: This Python function checks whether the input 'weight' is an even number greater than two. If it does, return string YEs; otherwise returns No
26586: This Python function checks the input 'value' and assigns it to either red, green or black based on its sign. If none of these conditions
26587: This function calculates the mean and updates an accumulator with each new value. The current count is incremented by  one every time it's
26588: This Python function generates and returns the string representation of all numbers from 0 to 'n'. The result is then joined into one single line. For
26589: This line of the given Python script adds to 'total' variable, which initially has value zero. It then multiplies current binary digit by power equal
26590: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26591: This line of Python script converts the input date string into an integer by joining and splitting it with '-', then converting each part to its corresponding ASC
26592: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in base -hexadecimal-, but without the 'Ox', prefix. If input is
26593: This Python script is an infinite loop that increments the value of 'n' and then checks each digit from left to right. If it matches with
26594: This function returns the base name of an input file path, which is essentially just its filename without any directory information or extension part in it – only
26595: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over all variables and samples from the configuration file to create VCF files with their respective details appended
26596: This function checks the value of 's' and returns an integer based on its condition. The conditions are as follows, if `(value_of
26597: This function checks whether every element of the 'all' list is present as an item within another given set. If not it returns False; otherwise True
26598: This function is used to return the shape of an object or convert it into list if not possible using try/catch block and recursion technique respectively."
26599: This function converts input to lowercase and checks whether it's one of the specified boolean values or not; If yes then returns True else False
26600: This function checks whether the first two elements of three numbers are less than their third. If they're not then it returns an error message along with
26601: This Python function calculates the geometric mean of an array 'rate' by multiplying all elements together and then taking its nth root, where "
26602: Create list of all even numbers from 1 to n. Answer is stored in the variable 'ans' and printed out at last, with each
26603: This function takes an integer as its parameter and returns the corresponding string from 'alphabet' list. If it is not found, then raise ValueError
26604: This Python function takes two quaternions as input and returns their product. The inputs are represented by the variables 'q' in parentheses with
26605: If the node's ranking is less than 9, it returns one of four nodes. Otherwise - no return statement was found in any condition block
26606: This Python script creates an empty list, then appends 4 strings to it in one line each time the function is called and finally returns all elements
26607: This function checks the length of regular expression, then performs different actions based on its value. If it's one character long or two characters with "
26608: This Python script splits the string at index 31 to end on character ',' and then converts each resulting substring into float type,
26609: This Python script splits the string 'x' into two parts, converts them to integers and floats respectively using list slicing in python language
26610: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It takes the temperature in degrees of freezing point, subtracts it
26611: This Python function calculates the number of positions at which corresponding elements are different between two lists. It starts by initializing "dist" to 0
26612: This function takes in two parameters - msg and an optional parameter 'indent'. It replaces all newline characters with the string $ident followed by each
26613: Code adds or subtracts the value of 'delta' from/to an initial number, based on whether it is positive ('+') to add
26614: This function uses the Python's built in 'match()', which is used to find if one string ends with another. It returns an integer indicating
26615: This function returns True if the ratio of 1/3 less than or equal to zero is greater, otherwise it will be False in Python programming language
26616: This function checks whether the given 'voltage' is within certain limits, returning true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it returns another value
26617: This function calculates the total distance travelled by an object, which is determined based on its speed and other factors such as how much it fell down
26618: This Python function returns the priority of an operator. The operators are +, - and * with different priorities in arithmetic operations; 'return'
26619: This function checks if the dictionary has any nonzero values. If it does, returns false; otherwise return true after checking all keys of 'd'.
26620: This script calculates the difference between two ranges of numbers. It does so by subtracting one number from another, resulting an array with values that represent
26621: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between 'a' and 'c'/value at index is less than or equal to given percentage
26622: This function is used to calculate the maximum of two values. The first value 't' represents how many steps have been completed and it increases linearly with
26623: A simple implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence using memoization. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding fibbonaci
26624: If the percentage is greater than 0.1, return it as formatted string with two decimal places; otherwise do nothing or an empty result in Python
26625: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an estimate based on sample weight, spent in Hydrogen Chloride concentration at given concentrations as
26626: If the variable `close` isn’t defined, it sets both variables as true. Otherwise depending on what value of close equals “Left”
26627: If the number of dimensions is three, return 'P', otherwise check whether it's four. Return either one character string ('i') in case
26628: If the input dictionary contains lookup functions and/or tuples as values; it will transform these into their string representations before passing them to another function
26629: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26630: If the variable 'Name' exists, it will return Hello followed by that Name. Else returns default message -> “hello stranger”
26631: This Python function takes in one string, finds the first occurrence of "<>" and returns everything between those two characters as output from find() method if
26632: This line of the Python script is assigning 'arg' as an argument to another variable called "Key". The second element in that list becomes
26633: Throw an error when the input is not positive.  Code checks whether 'n' in function call belongs to Int type and also ensures that it
26634: This Python function simulates the allocation of votes to students based on their quotient with respecting some constraints, such as maximum number or total capacity per
26635: If the length of dataset is not divisible by three, return an error. Otherwise continue with processing... . This line checks whether there are any elements
26636: This line of the program calculates and returns an average value between two resistors.  The calculation is done by multiplying each resistor's resistance with
26637: This function calculates the slope of an object based on its pressure gradient, which is less than two times standard deviation. If it'll be too
26638: This Python script reads in the contents of two files, splits each file's content into key/value pairs using '=>', and returns them
26639: This Python function splits the input string into separate line strings using '\r' as separator then checks if 'var_inp', which is
26640: This line of the given Python script returns all unique parent entities from an inputted 'EntityList' object, which is essentially just another name to refer
26641: This Python script calculates the gradient of reference signal strength with respect to bandwidth, duration and gyromagnetism ratio using given parameters such as
26642: This function checks whether the given "Needles" are present within an array of strings. If not it returns False else True  Code is case ins
26643: This Python script creates an array of binary digits from the input number by repeatedly dividing and taking modulo with two until it becomes zero or one
26644: This line of the given Python script splits an 'address' string into separate name parts using "/" as delimiter and returns last part,
26645: If the predicted number is equal to “zero”, it sets "one" as its value. It then calculates and returns an absolute difference
26646: “The years selected are {0} and{3}.”. format() function is used in Python, which allows you do string manipulation
26647: This line of the given Python script creates and stores all unique binary sizes found within different 'bin' lists. The result is stored as an array named
26648: This Python function returns the list of factors from one to 'n' by iterating through numbers upto halfway point and checking if they are div
26649: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
26650: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
26651: This Python function calculates the value of alpha based on some parameters and returns it as an output, which is then multiplied by another parameter beta to
26652: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an average time in seconds, which is calculated by shifting bits to right one byte position then
26653: This function checks if the given locations are within bounds. It does so by iterating over each element of 'location' and checking whether it is less
26654: This Python script finds the 'Best Firmerwares' by comparing their names to another dictionary of firmwarized devices with similar naming convent
26655: This function checks if the given bounding box coordinates are within range. It does so by checking each longitude and Latitute value separately, returning false
26656: This Python script splits the input string into individual "n"-character grams, where n is an integer provided by user and also converts all
26657: This function takes two arguments - 'low' & high. It checks if they are valid integer values greater than or equal to 1; otherwise it
26658: This function checks if the given string is either "-----" ("------") –or— it matches exactly with one of two predefined strings
26659: This script finds the most profitable job offer among those that meet minimum profit requirement. If no such offers exist, it returns 'None'.  Code length
26660: This function checks if the first part of each FQDN is "www" followed by an internationalized domain name starting with '.' and ending
26661: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on its parameters. The parameter is squared and then added twice to one more than itself plus
26662: This function returns the bounding box of an image.  The boudning is represented as four numbers, which represent x and y coordinates where each
26663: This Python function checks the file type of an image based on its name and returns it as URL string formatting with specific parameters like character's p
26664: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
26665: This is an example of list comprehension, which creates new lists by performing some operation on each item. In the given context it's used to
26666: This line of Python function calculates the size in pixels that would be displayed on screen given an inputted DPI and Font Size. The formula is
26667: This piece of Python script calculates the dot products between two dictionaries, which is essentially multiplying corresponding values from both keys and summing them up
26668: This Python function finds the number in 'numList' that is closests to an input value, with respecting absolute difference. The minimum distance between
26669: This Python script copies the elements of two lists and appends them to another list, creating an entirely new copy with all original data preserved but now also
26670: This line of the Python script is used to remove trailing dots from each string in an array or list, effectively stripping off any unnecessary characters at
26671: This function checks if the string "." is present within any part of file name. If it's found, then returns True; otherwise False or
26672: This Python function calculates the sum of an array 'a' repeated exponentially. The number to be multiplied is given by variable "r".
26673: This Python function returns the elements of an array that are palindromes, have even length with no spaces. It ignores any element where '
26674: This Python script is used to find the first nonempty string from an input list of strings, which represents one or more directories that should be mounted on
26675: This Python function calculates the mean of two lists. The first list is converted to another by mapping each element in it with lambda and then taking
26676: This Python function splits the input string into separate strings, then it creates sets from these separated ones and finally returns all of them as one set using
26677: This line of the given Python script checks if first character is either ‘'1’, or starts with any other digit. If it does then
26678: This script takes two arguments - "base" directory and the subdirectory within that to be used as 'Metadata' in creating paths of files/direct
26679: This is an example of the power law transformation in Python, where it takes two parameters and returns one value based on these inputs using mathematical operations to create
26680: This Python function splits the input URL into two pieces based on '/' and 'apiId'. If there is only one piece left in both cases
26681: This line of the function returns an object that represents point at given x and y coordinates. The points are represented as strings in SVG format, e
26682: If 'clean up' is true, return. Otherwise do nothing and then end the function with else statement returning None or some default value depending on context
26683: This function assigns different weights to the levels of importance in an application' log file, based on its 'severities'. The higher level is given
26684: This function checks if the given card is either of two specific cards - Ace ("a") with heart'("h"), Jacks(j),
26685: This Python script returns list of dictionaries, where each dictionary contains the name and value from 'fields' variable.  The number is dynamically determined
26686: This Python function splits the first word of an input string into separate integers and then joins them back together with dashes between each one using map()
26687: This Python function returns the largest power of two that is less than or equal to an input number 'X'. If X equals zero, it will return
26688: This Python function calculates the next highest power of two that is less than or equal to x using bitwise operations and mathematical functions in python language,
26689: Removes all occurrences of the specified element in 'text'. The function is case sensitive and will not remove substring that appears within other strings
26690: "Split the URI by '/' and then join them back together"  Code snippet used in function definition.   Used to split URLs
26691: This Python function converts special characters to spaces. It checks each character of the input and if it is one that needs conversion, replaces with space
26692: This function checks whether the input value is within specified range. If it's not, adjust its values to be in bounds and return that adjusted number
26693: This line of Python script tries to return the first 10 characters from 'date'. If an exception occurs, it returns all available data. The
26694: This Python function calculates the factors of an input number and returns them in dictionary format with their counts as values where each key is one factor from that
26695: This function checks whether an input `None` or one element from set 'a' exists within another. If it does, then returns True; otherwise
26696: This Python function checks whether the input 'incomes' are numbers and raises an error message when they aren’t; it then calculates some values
26697: This Python function checks if the input string matches with an expected pattern of 36 characters long in hexadecimal format followed by hyphen and
26698: This line of the given C++ program is returning x shifted right by 'n' bits and then performing bitwise AND operation with one. The result
26699: This line of the given C++ program is responsible to check whether an address in memory location 'ldm' falls within certain conditions. If it does
26700: This function calculates the acceptance rate and adjusts displacement based on that value if it'd be below or above certain thresholds; otherwise
26701: This Python script reads URLs, extract the filename from each one and stores them into an array named 'filenames'. The function returns that list
26702: This line of the function calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated as "before" plus 'rhs' times time step size
26703: This Python function checks the first character of an 'input' name. If it is not /, then appends to that with another directory path;
26704: This function checks if the given dictionary is equal to another one by comparing keys and values of two different subsets from it respectively; returns true only when both
26705: This Python function takes an input string, "if" it is equal to '-', then returns empty dictionary; otherwise split the ':' separated values and
26706: This Python function calculates the average value of all values in my_dictionary, which is equivalent to calculating total/count ratio and then dividing
26707: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to multiplying 'au' by one quadrillion, which represents approximately equal
26708: A JSON object with the specified properties and values in Python scripting language – 'ws' is an instance of WebSocket library used to establish connection
26709: If the number of clics is greater than or equal to 0, it returns an empty dictionary. Otherwise return None; else block will be sk
26710: This Python script converts dictionary items to strings and returns the new dict with stringified keys & values from original input 'd'. If value of an
26711: This line of the Python script returns first few characters from an id. If length is more than or equal to 'max_length', it will trunc
26712: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers. The difference is calculated and then square to account both positive & negative values
26713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26714: This Python function calculates the heat index based on specific temperature and humidity values, using an approximation of ideal gas law to calculate water vapor pressure in
26715: This script removes links that are either too short or contain numbers at the start/end of them and also contains "citation".  It then returns
26716: If the lengths of two lists are not equal or one list is longer than another then return false. Otherwise check each pair and compare their values case ins
26717: This Python function converts HSV to RGB. It takes three parameters in the range of [0..value] and returns corresponding values from an
26718: This Python script finds the minimum and maximum values from an 8xN matrix. The function takes as input two parameters - 'bitmap' which
26719: This Python function takes an RGB value as input and returns it in the format 'R,G,B'.  The values are extracted from another list
26720: This line of Python function replaces all occurrences in the string "locale" that appear as "-". It does so by replacing these characters with
26721: This line of the given Python script checks which number is larger. If 'cube1' cubed by itself equals to bigger one, it returns
26722: This function checks the current system's hardware and returns either 'CPU', or if it detectes that there are available gpus, then also
26723: This Python function calculates the value of 'n' raised to power two modulo number. If it is at one end or other, then return
26724: This line of Python script converts the integer values to characters. The first character is 'c', then it adds up with second and third integers,
26725: This Python script splits the input text into separate line strings and then joins them back together. The result is returned as one string with newlined characters
26726: This line of Python function converts all lowercase characters in the string to upper case letters using builtin method "text".lower().  It'
26727: This Python function takes an input string of time in 10th base and converts it to integer. If the conversion is not possible or if
26728: This line of Python script is creating an array that contains the second and third elements from each tuple present within 'counts' list. The tup
26729: This function calculates the amount of silk produced in one hour based on distance and velocity range, with an added bonus when speed is above or equal to
26730: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with data from the given 'loggrapgh' object. The new column names
26731: This Python script creates an empty list with the same length as 'headings' and then fills it using dictionary values. The final output is converted to
26732: Returns the full name of second element in courses list.  It's assumed that "course['key'] = 'value'" is valid and returns
26733: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26734: This line of the given Python script returns all files from `filenames` list that end with an index number specified by 'index' variable,
26735: This function calculates the new sale prices after applying discounts. The formula is "price*(discount/percentage)" and then it's divided
26736: This Python script attempts to write the given `Value` into an opened file with name specified by 'Key'. If successful it will overrite any existing
26737: Checks whether the value 'is an integer' or one of its subclasses. If it does then returns true else false – based on type
26738: This function is used to determine the next move based on current game status. It takes in five parameters - 'p', ‘me’,'you
26739: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26740: This function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns their sum. The first number in each list is added to the corresponding position, with no checks
26741: Convert RGBA color to hexadecimal. The function takes an input of type rgba and returns the equivalent Hex value as string in lower case
26742: Validates the date and time. The input should be in format "YY/MMDDHHmm". If all conditions are met, it returns true
26743: This Python function checks whether the input 'filter' header exists, and returns an empty list or else it splits ',',' separated values from that string
26744: Prints out "Debugging square operation with input '{input}'".  The result will be printed as DEBUG. Includes an example where `
26745: This function calculates the center of an object given its top left and bottom right coordinates in two dimensions using simple arithmetic operations on these points' differences
26746: This Python function takes two binary numbers as input, converts them to integers and performs an XOR operation on the resulting integer values. The result is
26747: This function converts an integer to its ordinal string representation. For example, the input of '4' would output as `the fourth` in
26748: This line of the given python script checks whether there is only one element present or not. If it's ‘one’, then x=
26749: A vector named 'vector' is created with the name of bins. The first element in that array has been assigned to be an interaction ID and then
26750: This Python script generates an alphabetical sequence by converting numbers to corresponding ASCII characters. The process is done in reverse order, starting from the last
26751: This function checks if the JSON payload needs to be copied and whether any changes are required based on specific keys present within it or absent from there respectively;
26752: This Python function converts geographical coordinates from degrees to minutes and returns them as tuples. The input is the longitude/longitudinal
26753: This python script simulates the falling of an object. It starts with “zero” days and keeps increasing by one each time until it reaches or
26754: Checks if the current input string starts with "msgstr". If it does, returns True. Otherwise False or nothing is returned based on whether there
26755: This Python script calculates the frequency of each unique element present within an input dictionary and returns it as output, where keys are elements from original dicts
26756: This script checks if the keys present both dictionaries and returns true or false based on whether they are equal, else it will return an error message as
26757: Split the ARN string into its constituent parts.  The result is an array of strings that represent each part in order from left to right
26758: This Python script converts the input text into an array of characters and then reorders them based on some conditions. The main idea is to swap every
26759: This function takes an input of 'comma separated ID ranges', converts it into integers and stores them as individual elements within the output array if they
26760: This Python script checks whether the key 'id' is present within an object. If it does, then return its value; otherwise returns another message Key
26761: If the width of 'text' is less than or equal to that available on your display. Return one else it will subtract from total space left
26762: This Python function flattens nested lists and tuples. It uses recursion to handle any level of nesting within the inputted 'list
26763: This Python function checks whether the given 'val' is True/False. If it isn’t one of these two values then an error will occur
26764: If the string starts with "/", return it as is, else prepend "//" to make sure that there are always two slashes at start
26765: Code is used to calculate the value of two variables, which are then used in further calculations. The values calculated by 'code' can be directly assigned
26766: This Python script converts the unique ID into an alphanumeric string, then formats it to include only 1st four characters and last five
26767: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was rotated to left by one character. The rotation is done based on
26768: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers and appends it to an array if its value is greater than nine, then returns that list with
26769: This Python function calculates the signed distance from point to line segment. It takes three points and returns negative of calculated value if it's less than
26770: This function calculates the exponential of x using Euler's number e, which is approximately equal to 1/e in Python and exp(
26771: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using Python's builtin functions and list comprehension to iteratively calculate squared differences from
26772: This Python script checks whether the provided 'None' or non-.CSV files are being used as input, and assigns it with default .cs
26773: This Python script converts the 'data' dictionary into an object where each key is unique id and value of that particular users entities.  The output
26774: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns another one with the sum of corresponding elements from both inputs after applying map() to each pair using '
26775: A function that calculates the inverse of base raised to power 'exp' under given "Mod" as an Int 30. The result is
26776: This function scales the input x between two given ranges and returns it in another range with an equal scale factor as well; however unlike most other functions that
26777: This line of the given Python script creates and assigns to 'TSNAME' variable. The value is created by concatenating strings with an incremented
26778: This function returns the input string with leading and trailing quotes removed using Python's built in strip() method, which removes specified characters from both ends
26779: This Python script reads data from an input file and creates dictionaries with the information contained within each record of that textual formatting by splitting on spaces
26780: If the string is empty, return it. Otherwise concatenates all characters into one single line of text and returns that resultant String object as output from
26781: This Python function counts the number of times an amino acid sequence is not equal to another. It checks each character at position "m" against all
26782: This script splits SQL commands into separate ones and strips leading/trailing whitespace from each command using the str method of Python's builtin
26783: This Python script calculates the average duration of each 'staircase' or "sacca" by summing up all durations and then
26784: This Python script initializes an empty dictionary with three keys and assigns the corresponding values to each key based on whether or not they start their string value
26785: This function checks whether the inputted 'string' contains an HTTP URL in it or not using regular expressions module "re". If found, returns true
26786: This Python function takes in an input of the form "HH::MM,SS", and returns its equivalent time value as seconds since “zero”
26787: This Python script creates copies of the input data and then modifies them according to provided change rules using list comprehension with conditional statements within loops."
26788: This Python script initializes the configuration dictionary with some predefined values and returns it as output – ie., an example of how to set
26789: This Python script checks whether the file exists and, in case it does exist，it returns its size; otherwise,- “Not found” is returned
26790: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'list li1' that are not present at any index position from ‘lisi’
26791: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - just keep returning value of variable. This function will always be called
26792: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
26793: This function takes in an object as input and returns the value of 'Author' or if it doesn’t exist then return ‘Plot”
26794: This Python function takes three parameters and returns the first two in order. The third parameter is ignored as it's not used within any of these functions
26795: This line of the given Python script calculates an output value based on two input values, 'z' and its derivative at time t+dt using
26796: This Python script generates dictionaries from the input data where each key is an ID and its value corresponds to another dictionary with keys as filenames without
26797: If the length of string 'S' is less than 3, return it as such. Otherwise convert first two characters to uppercase and check whether
26798: This Python script replaces spaces, dots and other special characters with underscores in the input string 'name'. The result is then returned as output
26799: This Python function checks the value of 'r' and assigns it to an appropriate variable based on its values. If no match is found then raises
26800: This Python function takes an input sequence, reverses it and then finds the complement of that string by replacing each nucleotide with its corresponding pairing
26801: This function is used to find the position of an object on screen by checking each element within 'tile' list and comparing it with given `til
26802: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the number of that byte value converted to its closest unit ("B","KiBs"), or
26803: Copies dictionary 'dictB' into another one named "dicTA" and then adds the values of keys that exist both within dictionaries, if
26804: This Python function implements the Smoothed Geometric Mean algorithm. It calculates two values by adding or subtracting some factor to their current value
26805: This function converts the given number into its base representation. If 'num' is positive, it returns ‘number/power of ten’;
26806: If the value of 'value' isn’t none, it checks whether its lowercase version matches either “False” or  ‘True'.
26807: This Python function calculates the similarity between two dictionaries with "textures". It checks if their 'len' is equal and then it sums up
26808: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on each pixel in 'image' by multiplying it with "gain" and adding to
26809: This Python function calculates the square of its input and returns it. The name "root" is not descriptive, but I'm assuming that
26810: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The variable 'r' is added to another value, which multiplies by some other
26811: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
26812: This Python function converts an integer to string, but if the value is less than 10 it prepends 'O' before converting.
26813: Returns True if the message is equal to filename, otherwise returns False.  This function checks whether or not two strings are identical in terms of content and
26814: This Python script checks whether an argument named 'limit' exists. If it does exist then its numerical equivalent is checked to ensure that within range of [
26815: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers. It first adds up carbon and d's values, then divides by their respective ratios to
26816: This Python function returns the specified parameters in JSON format. The returned object includes "tasks", an instance of class 'Task', “clas
26817: Try to convert the string s into its corresponding boolean value. If it'll be either 'True', ‘False’, or not present at
26818: This Python function takes as input the list of terms separated by commas, and returns maximum length among these Terms using builtin python functions split() &
26819: This Python function sorts the list of tuples by their product in ascending order. The first tuple is returned as it'll be at index
26820: This function takes an array of strings and joins them into one string with each line separated by the newline character. The result is then returned as String
26821: This line of the given Python script converts parent tuple into string format. The first two elements from each element in 'Parent' are concatenated with
26822: This Python function checks if the request sent by an API call contains valid signed data. If not, it returns false; otherwise true or raises exception in
26823: This Python script calculates the distance between two lists of numbers using Euclidean Distance formula, which is calculated as sqrt((x1 - x
26824: This is an equation that calculates the position of celestial bodies in relation to Earth's rotation, given their distance from us and our time
26825: This script checks if the names of all specified and device specific property keys match. If not, it adds them to an array "Properties MisMatch
26826: This Python script calculates the roots of an equation ax^2+bx+c=0 using quadratic formula and complex numbers if necessary, based on
26827: This Python script splits the string 's', into an array of strings, each containing one line from it and adds newline characters to them before
26828: This function returns the string 'Buy' or ‘Sells’ based on input. If it receives an argument of value equal to one, then
26829: This Python function takes an integer input and converts it to its corresponding ASCII character. The conversion is done by subtracting one from the number,
26830: This Python function calculates the Mean Squared Error of two lists by comparing corresponding elements from both input sequences, and then averages these differences
26831: A dictionary of DJI monthly cycle abbreviations and their corresponding integer values. The function returns the created object as 'd'.   [Your name]
26832: This line of the given python script is multiplying an extension by key and returning it.  The resultant value will be stored in 'new_
26833: This function splits the input string 'x' into parts and returns different results based on certain conditions, such as whether or not it contains '/',
26834: This Python script creates an array of the number days in each year from January to December. The output is then returned as two separate lists - one with
26835: This Python script counts the frequency of each unique term/token present within all documents and then sorts them by their frequencies to get an overview about how common
26836: This Python script filters out the cheaper price options from each of given 'Iteneries' based on minimum & maximum prices provided by user, then returns
26837: "A function that finds all the factors of an input number."  Code explanation and usage.  ```python Function takes one argument - 'x'
26838: This Python script attempts to return an HTTP response with status 'Forbidden' and message, but if any exception occurs it raises the same. If
26839: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the data from 'from' to '_features'. It uses dictionaries as hashmaps
26840: If the size of 's' is greater than length('a'), return an empty list. Otherwise, continue with your function implementation as usual...
26841: Try to convert the given value into Bool. If it's not possible, return None or False in Python 3+; otherwise True if
26842: This function checks if the given string ends with '/'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there's no tra
26843: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'B is zero', it returns absolute
26844: If the three lists x、Y和Z are not of equal length then it raises an error. Then computes two values - one is their dot
26845: Check the type of 'names' and ensure it’s indeed an instance/type as well. If so return false; otherwise true – indicating
26846: This line of the Python script returns only one part from URL by using regular expression to find and extract domain name at end or not found in case there
26847: This line of Python script creates and returns an array that is the resultant multiplication by 1.0/n where n equals to length v,
26848: If the 'override' dictionary does NOT have an instance of type "dictionary", it will create and return another one with merged values from both
26849: Checks if the two rectangles do NOT overlap. If they don't, returns True; otherwise False – based on whether their corners are
26850: This function returns the content in bold format. ...   # TODO add more details here ...    }" % { 'name': name,
26851: This function calculates the percentage difference between two prices, then rounds it to one decimal place and subtracts by an offset of ten percent from that
26852: This Python function removes duplicates from an array by checking each element against the next elements of that list, effectively removing any duplicate values within one pass through
26853: This Python function calculates the start of each audio segment by taking into account both its position in time and size. The calculation is done with integer division
26854: This line of the Python script returns 3.4687, which is equivalent to approximately one billionth part from an integer division operation on
26855: This line of the Python function is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'value' and storing it in two variables. The resultant values are returned
26856: A list of n “fills” with the number 'x' is created, where x=[number]*10 and then returned
26857: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees c and f, which is 1
26858: This Python function converts the first character of an inputted String to Upper Cammel Case. The remaining characters are converted into Lower case and returned as
26859: This Python function checks the type of an input. If it'is either integer or floating point number then returns that value else tries to convert into other
26860: This function returns the subscripted value from an object called 'UserDetail' which is presumably used to store user details.  The returned string
26861: If the number of supporter tickets is less that zero, raise an error. Otherwise return TA's ticket symbol repeated as many times specified by
26862: This line of Python script returns the dictionary sorted by its keys in ascending order using lambda function as sorting criteria, which is equivalent to '
26863: This Python function takes three strings as input, converts them into floats and returns the resultant list of 4 elements if all inputs are valid
26864: If the string 'SS' has no characters, return True. Otherwise check whether it starts with an hyphen and recursively call `isArgSafe
26865: This line of Python function converts the input to string, and then checks if it is one among four possible values that represent True or False when converted
26866: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26867: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the DNA sequence with 'A's and then to uppercase, resulting into an updated
26868: If the lines defined by points in two different orders are parallel or coincident then return false. Else calculate and compare n values of both sides to
26869: A Python function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence upto 'N' numbers.  The first two elements are preloaded as zero and
26870: This function converts the given atomic numbers to their molar equivalent in grams per kilogram. The conversion factors are based on empirical data from various
26871: If the two lists are equal, return first list; otherwise find extra nodes from each of them and store these as 'Extra' variable at end
26872: This line of the Python function calculates and returns MMD score. The input parameters are Q, mmd(mean square difference), A catch in
26873: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each of the input lists and adds their items to 'a' one by another until all
26874: This function returns the gender based on an 'if' condition. If it receives as parameter, “both” then return ['males',’
26875: If the argument isn't of type 'list', convert it to one.  This makes sure that any single input can be handled by our function
26876: Code generates an object with the name sleeper and Docker image alpine. It has monitoring enabled as true which means it will be mon
26877: This function returns True if the product of two numbers is positive, False otherwise.  It does not take into account any other conditions or variables that might
26878: If the input object or objects are not provided then return an empty list. Else check whether it's of type 'tuple', in which
26879: This Python function returns RGB values based on the input parameters. If 's' is zero it will return all three components of an equal color in hex
26880: This script is used to find the earliest and latest times of each unique 'segments' from an input list. The output will be stored as dictionary
26881: This Python script creates an empty list and fills it with zeros based on the input parameters 'rows' & ‘colums'. The function then
26882: This function returns True if any value starts with '4' and False otherwise, based on the first two digits of each number stored within "values
26883: If the object passed to it as an argument, return that same value. Otherwise - just returns one instance of given parameter in list form [].
26884: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on ':' and then concatenates them back together with ':'. The first time it runs,
26885: This line of the Python script is used to extract two bytes from an integer. The first byte contains lower eight bits, while second one has higher four
26886: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases as there are no conditions to
26887: This function checks if the input string 'name' starts with "user". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending
26888: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26889: If the length of X and Y are not equal, raise an error. This is to ensure that both vectors have been defined correctly before performing any operations
26890: This Python function uses regular expressions to find the longest common prefix and suffix of two given strings in 'text'. If no such string is found it returns
26891: This block of Python script is used to generate an empty dictionary named "pull\_o\_\[...]" which will be populated with operations based
26892: This Python script creates three empty lists and populates them with the keys from dictionary 'dict'. The minimum values of each list are then returned as t
26893: This function takes in an array of strings and returns the first string if there is only one, or else it joins all other elements into single lines.
26894: This function returns the relative path of an input file from its current directory using Python's builtin 'os'.  It is used to get files
26895: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'raw' data of each tweet and appends its associated "Hash Tag" to
26896: If the input list has exactly two elements of type string. Then it returns dictionary with first element as key & second one from same position being its value
26897: This script replaces the double global keywords with single ones within each newline of input text 'in'. The purpose is to ensure that all kernels are
26898: If the current function is called with an empty list of incorrect prefix names or no missing items to check if it's 'name', '_=item
26899: This function returns the color based on some conditions, but it's not very clear what these specific condition are because they don’t provide any context
26900: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception that would stop execution
26901: This line of the Python function checks if 'i' is even. It returns True when it finds an integer that can be divided by two with no
26902: This Python function checks whether the input `value` belongs to either of two types - Tuple/List and returns its hash value. If it does
26903: This line of the given Python script returns only part after underscore in filename, ie., it extracts second word from each file name if there
26904: Checks if the input number is power of two. If it's positive and its binary representation has only one bit set to 'one', then
26905: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean Distance formula and returns it as result, which is then
26906: Reverses the string representation of an integer, then converts it back to binary.  The result is reversed again as per original order and
26907: This line of the script is creating an unique identifier based on three variables. The first two are concatenated with underscores, and then appended
26908: This function checks if the reversed version of one number is equal to another, but with leading zeros filled in using Python's builtin string
26909: This Python function converts raw values to floats, checks if the given range is within bounds and performs some calculations based on that condition or else it
26910: This function returns the name of an input parameter as output.  The "condition" is used to identify what kind or type it was, and its
26911: This line of the Python script splits an input string by '.' and returns two values, first is part before last dot in original order while second
26912: This Python function implements the bitwise AND operation on two numbers. If one of them is not an integer, it will return its original value; if
26913: This line of the Python script checks whether 'direction' is equal to “left”. If it does, then subtracts `axle
26914: If the number of exonic regions matches, then it's either full or fusing. Otherwise return mismatches – based on whether matched
26915: If the object is not of same class, it returns false; otherwise checks whether uid matches and then proceeds to check equality based on __eq__
26916: If the function or method is named with an underscore, it will return false and skips that particular line of execution when checking variable names to avoid
26917: This program generates an array of bits from the binary representation. It starts with all zeros, then fills it up by taking modulo two and integer
26918: This Python function calculates the percentage of occurrences in an input list. The result is formatted as 'x %' followed by number and comma
26919: This line of the Python script returns two elements from an input list, which are both equal to its first and last element.  It's not
26920: This Python function calculates the inverse of r to one power, then returns four times that result. The formula used is an example from some research paper
26921: Iterates over the dictionary of clock regions to find one that matches with given location coordinates; if found it returns its name else return 'None'. If
26922: This Python function sorts the list of matches by "address id 0". The lambda is used to define an anonymous inline sorting. It'
26923: This script initializes various parameters based on 'simulation parameter'. The solvers used in these simulations are either central or distributed.  It also sets
26924: If the given object 'file' does not exist, return false; otherwise check whether it starts with "gs:/".  This checks to see that
26925: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It's used to determine which number is larger in an array or list, based on their values and
26926: This Python function calculates the ratio of y to x, where 'x' is always equal and constant at one point in time ie., t
26927: If the object is executable, execute it. Otherwise return its original form as default case in Python programming language – one line version of an "if
26928: This function converts an integer to floating point number. If the input is outrange, it raises value error with appropriate message and returns its own output
26929: This line of the function returns an item from set based on its absolute difference with given 'key' parameter in Python programming language using lambda and min
26930: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26931: If the two lists are not equal in length, or if they contain different elements at corresponding positions then function returns false. Otherwise it will check whether all
26932: This Python function creates and returns an array of elements from the input list that are present at least once after it's first occurrence, sorted by their
26933: A python program that finds the Pythagorean triplet. It starts with 3 and checks all possible combinations of numbers until it reaches to
26934: This function checks the input and returns 'True' as T or `False` ‘as F’. If any other type of data, it
26935: This Python function checks whether the input string, 'value', can be considered as either empty ("") and/or null ('None'). It also returns
26936: This Python function calculates the frequency of notes in an octave by using exponential and logarithmic functions to convert keys into frequencies, which is based on
26937: This line of the Python script is creating an array that contains only those elements from 'cleaned' string which start with "ws".  It does
26938: This script creates an empty 3D array with the same dimensions as input data. The elements of each subarray are filled by appending new lists
26939: This Python function calculates the Area of Triangle using Heron's formula. It checks whether both inputs are either integers or floats before performing
26940: This Python function takes an input of type 'string' and returns the second part after splitting it by ------ END PUBLIC KEY BLOCK --------
26941: Checks whether the string contains '-' and splits it into an array of substrings. The result is taken as "last" element in that
26942: "Split the string on underscores and capitalize each individual part."  return statement is not needed as it will just split up all parts of
26943: A function that applies different rules to the input data. The user can choose between three strategies - estavél(no change), positivos e
26944: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
26945: If the input dictionary does not contain an 'events' key or it contains but doesn’t have any events then return same as before else add new
26946: This function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing spaces using the strip() method. It then converts that text to upper case
26947: This Python function returns the complement of an input nucleoitde. It uses conditional statements to determine which return value corresponds with each possible character in its
26948: This Python script is used to find the ID of an item with name equal as specified by 'filename' from "doc" dictionary. If such element
26949: This function calculates the coefficients of Binomial Coefficients. It takes two parameters n and k where it returns an array with coefficient values
26950: This function calculates the power of an input number. If 'f' is not provided as parameter in call to it then default value will be set
26951: This script calculates the number of atom types to be used in an atomic model. It also counts how many formal charges are needed based on whether explicit
26952: This Python function counts the number of divisors an integer has. It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each element, and if it
26953: This line of the script calculates and sums up all digtis in n's Factorial.  The result is stored into variable 'sum_
26954: A dictionary that contains an empty list of rooms and no parameters. The "module" is enabled with the path as none set in it's configuration
26955: This function adds an extra newline character at the end of any given string, unless it already ends with one. In other cases like when input is
26956: This script is used to create dictionary with keys and values from the given input. The key "barcode" maps directly onto its corresponding value, which
26957: This Python script merges dictionaries from the list 'dictionary' into one dictionary. The first nonempty or missing value is used as primary key
26958: This Python function splits the input string on "/", then extracts and converts last part to an integer, finally combines it with CPU identifier using
26959: This Python function takes an age in years and returns the equivalent of that time period expressed as numberOfDays, where each year is considered to be
26960: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters, Po and Unicode component string. The result is then divided by ‘k
26961: This Python script is used to extract the annotations and details from each reference document within 'data' dictionary, storing them into another list of lists called
26962: This Python function calculates the polynomial regression of degree 3. The input is two lists x and dx which represent time series data with corresponding errors e
26963: A dictionary is created with keys and values. The get method of the dict object returns value associated to given key if present in it else default string '
26964: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails due either value error exception then raises another custom defined Exception with appropriate message
26965: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
26966: This function converts an HHMMSS format time to seconds and adds some randomness in the milliseconds part of it using floating point numbers
26967: This function checks if two lists are the same, but it sorts both input arrays before checking. If they're not equal length or have any un
26968: This line of the given Python script is creating an enumerated list from fileList. It's filtering out items where idxInFilename string appears
26969: This Python function calculates the sea level pressure at an elevation given temperature and relative humidity levels, using empirical relationship between these two parameters as well known
26970: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
26971: This Python function checks if an IP address is private or public based on its first octet value in the range of [/^([[:digit
26972: If the variable 'is empty' then set it to “10 T”. Else, keep its value as given in step one of
26973: This function checks whether the given 'option' is within specified range. If it does, returns true; otherwise prints an error message with allowed values in
26974: This line of the Python script returns an object as string. The function is used to convert any data type into its equivalent textual representation, which can
26975: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, 'len' calculates the length and then creates new arrays with half values from each pair at
26976: This Python function finds the longest sequence from an input list of sequences. It initializes two variables, ```sequence``` and `$$$
26977: This function takes an integer representing the number of minute input and returns two values. The first value is calculated as "floor" division by six hundred which
26978: This Python script is used to filter out the dictionary objects from list of dicitionary based on given keys. If any such object doesnt contain that
26979: Returns the string 'FunctionApps' when input is equal to default. (END OF SUMMARY.)   Code snippet not provided
26980: This Python function compares two lists of artists and returns 3 separate list based on whether the corresponding elements are present or not within each other's
26981: This Python function takes as input an array of tuples representing the boundaries and returns another list with values calculated according to these rules. The output is
26982: This Python script filters out files based on their file name and the given list of allowed/allowed_extensions, returning only those that end with one or
26983: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the result of ((n*2)-1). It is used to calculate some values in certain algorithms
26984: This Python function calculates the atmospheric Pressue in Pascal based on given parameters 'A', '-B/T+C' and temperature,
26985: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
26986: Checks the bit at position 'bit' in an integer. If it is set, returns true; otherwise false or null/undefined depending on context
26987: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'result' variables and if they exist as keys within our dictionary of bindings it
26988: This script is used to multiply the string by two times and then concatenates it with each of its hash tags. The resultant output will be
26989: This function takes an input and checks its type. If it's string then returns the same value as in original form; else check whether `None
26990: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in 'max()'. 1 line solution using one statement only if both
26991: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element from array 'A' using trigonometric functions to calculate distance between two points in
26992: This Python script modifies the second element of each tuple present within 'coords' list by 1. The modified tuples are then returned
26993: This Python function converts time in hours, minutes and seconds to total number of second as an integer value using the formula hr * 3_
26994: This function takes three parameters, checks if they are defined and assigns them to the corresponding keys in an empty dictionary. If any of these variables aren
26995: If the function does not return anything, it returns an empty string; otherwise，it removes leading and trailing newline characters from its input before returning
26996: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by iterating over 'train' and excluding any elements that are present within another list,
26997: This Python function finds the minimum value from an array of numbers. It starts by setting it to be equal with first element, then iterates over all
26998: This Python function checks if the given 'align' is divisible by 8. If it isn’t, then adjusts its value to make
26999: This Python script creates an object called 'gcd' with keys and values. The value of the key is derived from another dictionary named as GDC
27000: This Python script replaces multiple whitespace characters with single space. It also removes newline and tab character from the text before returning it as output string
27001: This function tries to find the first occurrence of an XML element and return its content, if it exists; otherwise returns 'None'.  It uses Python
27002: This Python function takes an email address as input and returns the local part of that mailing in two separate variables if it's valid; otherwise return
27003: A function that takes an 'Artists' and its corresponding "Albums" as input, creates dictionary with the given information.  The output
27004: This function calculates the difference between two numbers. The first number is subtracted from twice its second, and then that resultant value minus one more
27005: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27006: If the parameter 'param' isn’t provided, it will return either an environment variable value ('env') not set in your program. Otherwise returns
27007: This Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'vectorized' using list comprehension and builtin function ```python```list
27008: This function returns the quotient and remainder of dividing 'n' by ten. The result is returned as two separate values, one from each division
27009: This Python script converts the three string variables, `la` and their corresponding strings in other two variable names to floats or sets them as "-
27010: This function calculates the total absolute value of all elements present within an input list. It is used to calculate speed or magnitude, which can be useful
27011: This line of the Python script returns an object with three keys - 'jonb type', '', and '' which are all empty strings by default if
27012: This script compares the output labels of two different models. It counts how many errors occur when they don't match with their expectations, which is
27013: A simple python function that calculates the value of 'a' times x divided by ‘y’, where y is given as an input to
27014: This Python function calculates the color difference between two colors. The input is an array of three numbers representing RGB values and another set with these same
27015: This Python script converts binary sequence to ASCII character. It uses the fact that each digit from leftmost position of binaries is converted into its
27016: This Python script creates and manages the unique names of all river lines used by train tracks on any given list, then sorts them alphabetically to
27017: This program continuously loops until the value of 'key' is equal to one. It then calculates and assigns an incremented version ('newKey
27018: This line of the given Python script splits 'tile' name into two separate strings using underscore as separator and then reassembles them
27019: This function returns two strings, concatenated with the original dataset. The first string is "<original_data>"_0 and second one -
27020: This Python function flattens the given nested lists into one single level by using recursion and builtin functions like extend(). The flatterning process
27021: This function checks if the input l belongs to type 'list'. If it does then returns True. Otherwise False or an error message "Input should be
27022: This Python script loops through the 'features' list and tries to find each one within an input dictionary, storing its corresponding value from another data structure if
27023: If the first dimension of array Ma is not equal to that in Mb, it raises an error with message "Dimensions do no match.".
27024: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'name' to lowercase and appends '_fa'. The result is stored back into variable
27025: This Python function takes an array of integers as input and returns the number formed by concatenating all elements in reverse order. The result is then converted to
27026: This Python script calculates the value of constant 'h' and multiplies it with another variable, then divides by an inputted parameter to calculate
27027: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with URLs from the 'new order' input, appending "https:" before each one
27028: This function checks whether the input data 'zotero_da't type and raises an error message when it isn’ taype of "
27029: This python script calculates the value of pi and sums up all elements within an array 'x'. The values are multiplied by half, then exponential
27030: If the current webpage is Edge, then add 'ms' to all methods in list. (This will allow Microsoft Teams and other
27031: This script checks whether the file exists in specified path or not using Python's builtin 'os', ‘if’ statement to check both conditions
27032: This line of the Python script checks if an element in list is not equal to second value. If it's found, returns True; otherwise -
27033: This script reads lines from the input file, strips leading/trailing whitespace on each one using strip(), checks if it's an empty string
27034: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns different strings based on its content. If no argument or 'None' provided it will return empty
27035: This Python function calculates the output of an amplifier based on input parameters. The calculation is done by multiplying 'gain' with ‘data
27036: This Python function takes in an ISO 8601 date string and returns the year/Month along with Day using exception handling to deal errors if
27037: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
27038: This line of Python function returns the difference between current local hour and UTC offset. It's used to calculate daylight saving adjustments in world clock
27039: This function calculates the atmospheric pressures given temperatures and densities, using an empirical relationship between these two parameters that assumes constant volume of water at all
27040: Check whether the table "table" exists within channel, then check to see that row is present. If both conditions are met return value of specific column
27041: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been encoded by shifting each character five positions to right. It does
27042: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27043: This line of Python script generates an array with the names v0 through to ∞. The variable 'n' is not used here as it
27044: This function returns the total number of parameters in an input list. The result is converted to string and concatenated with other strings before being returned as output
27045: This Python script finds the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates from given 3D points. The function returns two tuples containing these values as
27046: This Python function takes an input string of numbers separated by commas and returns the summation result as integer using builtin functions in python like lambda
27047: This line of the Python function returns only lower byte from an integer. The bitwise AND operation is used to isolates and retrieves just one or
27048: This function checks if the character belongs to Chinese characters. It only returns true when it's either an English letter, digit that falls into one of
27049: This line of the given Python script is responsible to create an empty string with "space" repeated by number ```'*',``` times. The
27050: This function checks if there is only one unique value in each of the rows and columns, respectively within two dictionaries that represent matrices/tables with equal
27051: This Python script calculates the difference between consecutive elements of list 'B' and keeps track on which is smaller. The result will be stored as "
27052: Generates an HTML div with the title as Html tag.  Code is used to generate html tags in ruby on rails, it takes
27053: This Python function checks whether the input number is greater than 1, and returns its base two logarithm otherwise it raises an error message "The value
27054: This line of Python script returns the rounded value.  It's used to make sure that some number is always an integer, even if it was
27055: This function checks an input list of objects to see whether it contains the specified 'Name' attribute value within any dictionary object with keys being either “
27056: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27057: This Python function calculates the sum of differences and returns an average difference per pair. It also counts how many times it decreases from one number to another
27058: This Python function finds the minimum value and its index from an inputted 3D array. The values are compared element by elements to find out which
27059: No suitable method provided to select the Primary Key columns")  Code Explanation : This function is used as part of data cleaning process where it checks
27060: This function calculates the first eligible price of an investment. The input parameters are 'slack' and ‘greediness’ which represent two
27061: This line of Python script prints the variable "msj" to console. The return statement is not used in these scripts as they are simple commands that
27062: This is an equation that calculates the power output of light bulbs based on their refractive index and temperature. The formula uses geometric progression
27063: This function returns the half of square value which is equivalent to multiplying input by itself twice in mathematical terms, ie., it's an efficient
27064: This function returns the reciprocal of square root, or in other terms it is equivalent to one minus squared value ie., inverse sqrt
27065: This function returns the ceiling of current length divided by 'divisor' and then multiplied with divisior. It is used to ensure that all
27066: This line of the function calculates and returns an output. The input is multiplied by 3, then added to one before being returned as result
27067: A function that returns the arithmetic mean or midpoint between given input parameters.   }   ```python"} This is an example in Python
27068: This Python function calculates the quotient and remainder of an action divided by another. The result is returned as two separate integers in list format - one
27069: This Python function tries to parse the input as an ISO 8601 formatted datetime, if it fails then returns original value in case of exception
27070: This is the implementation of an algorithm to find all permutations in Python. It uses itertools library's product function which generates cartesian
27071: This Python function checks whether the input 'value' has been assigned to specific key "years". If it does not exist or its value type isn’
27072: This Python function takes an input of 'myDict' and returns the dictionary after filtering out any key that exists within another provided "keyList"
27073: This line of the given Python script creates an empty sublist in 'X' and assigns it to be equal with another existing one. The new
27074: This Python script creates an English numbering system where the suffixes are determined by their position, e..g., 'zero', then followed immediately after
27075: This line of Python function returns the result by adding 1 to its input. It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do anything useful
27076: This function checks if the input is an empty or nonempty collection. It returns true when it's either of those two cases; otherwise false will
27077: This function sorts the list of peaks in descending order based on their "score" attribute.  It uses Python's builtin `sort`
27078: This function returns the type of shape based on its surface elevation. If it's above max, then return 'above'. Else check whether below
27079: This Python function calculates the speed of sound in air by taking into account gravity and wind resistance. The formula used is based on standard physics principles,
27080: This Python script splits the input string into individual characters, counts how many times each character appears and returns an array of these count values as output
27081: This Python function tries to convert an input string of hexadecimal characters into its last character as integer. It then adds some "offset" value
27082: This line of Python script checks if the string 's' is equal to lowercase version ("True"). If it isn’t, then return false
27083: This Python script returns the value of each column from an input list. The function is used to process rows and columns, returning values based on specific conditions
27084: This function parses the input string and returns an array of integers or integer ranges based on whether it matches with regular expression "<number>-(?
27085: If the input string isn't provided, it returns `None`; otherwise converts to either 'True'/False'; else raises an error with
27086: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27087: This function converts an input value from one range to another. It's useful when you want your data between two different ranges, like temperature scales
27088: This Python function takes an underscored string as input and returns the same but with each word capitalized using list comprehension, then joins them back
27089: This Python function converts an integer to its string representation, removing trailing zeros and decimal points in the process of conversion from float or int type
27090: This Python script calculates the average of two lists. It iteratively adds up all elements from each list and then divides by their count to get
27091: This line of Python script returns the reversal or reverse order string.  It uses built in function "". join() and ". ." to concaten
27092: This is the default value of 'mu' in our simulation. It represents 0, or no uncertainty/variance; it can be used to
27093: If the lengths of s1 and/or s2 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking each character in both strings one by on
27094: This Python script splits the string 's' into two separate lists using semicolons and commas respectively to get number of elements in each list
27095: This function checks if the first character of each word in 'pos' is either an uppercase or lower case letter, and returns whether it was found
27096: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27097: Initializes the variables, sets counter to 0 and flags as false. This is done in Python programming language using one line of codes only if you
27098: If 'm' is less than ‘n’ then swap the values of variables. This operation does not affect any other part in your program that
27099: This Python function generates the flanks of 3'UTRs with reference and alternative alleles. The output is in string format which can
27100: Try to get the "result" dictionary and return its value associated with key 'data'. If it doesn't exist, then an empty string is
27101: This Python function calculates the saturation values of two materials based on their drying temperatures and specific heat capacities. The formula used is derived from therm
27102: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase if it's either 'True', or just returns itself when its value equals one of two
27103: This Python function restores the original sequence of numbers by subtracting each number from its previous one, starting with “zero” at index zero and
27104: If t is not defined, it returns "nothing".  This line checks to see whether the variable 'T' has been previously set. It does
27105: This function calculates the cubic of an input number, subtracts twice that value and adds two. The result is returned as output from our program
27106: If the limits of West and East are out by more than 9 degrees or less then it will adjust them. The function returns an array with adjusted
27107: This function converts the fractional part of an integer to its percentage equivalent. It takes two parameters, 'whole' and "partial", which represent
27108: This Python script generates an array of emojis and directory names. The function takes as input the list "dirs" which contains directories, it
27109: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 from any number
27110: This function checks whether the given variable is one of certain reserved keywords. It returns true or false based on that condition, which can be useful to prevent
27111: This Python function counts the number of zeros in binary representation. It uses bitwise operations to count and return minimum between two values - current counter value
27112: This Python function takes two lists as input and separates the elements of one into those that end with certain rules/characters or not based on their
27113: This Python function takes an input string, and separates the digits from alphabets into two separate strings - one with all numeric characters
27114: This Python function splits the input string into individual "word" or phrase using 'pipe' as delimiter and filters out any empty strings resulting
27115: This script generates the list of file extensions that can be used with different compression methods. It is then applied to generate paths using these extension names, which
27116: This function checks if the given character is an opening parenthesis. It returns True when it finds one, and False otherwise in Python programming language using logical
27117: This Python function checks whether the given 'cell' is alive or not. If it’s dead and has exactly two live neighbors -> return true
27118: This Python function takes two lists as input, converts them to sets and calculates the ratio of common elements in both collections divided by total number or
27119: This line of Python script replaces certain unicode characters with their corresponding HTML entities, which are then replaced by the original string in place to restore them
27120: If the two dictionaries have overlapping keys, return true; otherwise false is returned based on whether or not they contain any nonzero values at those
27121: This function calculates the total fee based on input parameters. The inputs are 'runs', which is assumed to represent how many jobs were run;
27122: This Python script splits the string 's' into key/value pairs using "and" as delimiter and returns them all within an empty
27123: This function counts the occurrences of sequences within an inputted array. If it finds more than some level ‘tolerance’, then
27124: Generates dictionary of differences between two dictionaries based on keys and values from the given lists, if they don't exist then it assigns default
27125: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27126: Checks if the rule value is present in header. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false  [END]   Code snip
27127: Throws Value Error when the string s is empty.  This checks to see whether or not there're any characters in 'string', and throws
27128: Adds two numbers together, checks the sum is within range (-10 to 9), and returns it. If not in that specified area then
27129: This Python function calculates the dot product of two vectors by checking if their lengths are equal and then performing elementwise multiplication, addition up to total calculation
27130: This function removes all characters from the input list of strings that are not alphanumeric or whitespace, leaving only letters and numbers while removing any
27131: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each "tracks", appending the track' ID to 'ID'. The final result
27132: This line of the Python script checks if any string in 'field' starts with "Path_" and ends either "_file" at end, _folder
27133: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from 3 to 'n' using an iterative approach. The result is returned as "Sum
27134: This function checks the current state of cycle and whether it's at zero. If so then an exception will be raised with message "No time steps
27135: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
27136: This function returns the fifth and fourth elements of input tuple, in that order.  The tuples are sorted by their first element then second etc
27137: This function checks if the string 's' is numeric or floating point number using regular expression matching in Python language, returning True when it matches and
27138: If the 'marker' isn’t found within any of pages then return none. Otherwise split and get only one part before it returns that as
27139: This Python function checks the type of file and assigns an extension to it based on its name, if no match is found then default value ("")
27140: This script is used to run the command line tool with specific parameters in order of execution and outputting results into an experiment file named after each unique hash
27141: This Python function splits the input string by '.' character, checks if it has exactly two parts with length of 1 each; otherwise returns False
27142: This Python script replaces the string 'none' with ‘null’ and splits comma separated strings into key value pair dictionary format using python programming
27143: This Python function converts the input to floating point number, adds four and divides by eighteen points in one line of python program using arithmetic
27144: This Python function increments the last two digits of an object ID by one and returns it as string, e..g., 304
27145: This Python script splits the input string into key and value pairs using "," as separator then converts them to dictionary format with each pair being
27146: If the length of 'X' is 3, it returns three copies and one copy from each end. Otherwise return X as given in input format
27147: This Python script creates an array of the first 10 letters in alphabetical order. It then uses that list to map numbers from one month
27148: If the string starts with "TCGA", return first 12 characters of it, else just keep original one as is in Python programming language using
27149: If the input string 'None', it will return an empty dictionary, else split and store variations into dict format with variable names as keys & their corresponding
27150: If the length of `target` is less than or equal to 16, it will return padd with spaces. Otherwise just returns original string
27151: This is an example of how to parse HTML tags using Python. It uses the concept that every time it encounters "<" or "/", we
27152: This Python function performs elementwise arithmetic operations on two input arrays 'X' &amp; '#Y'. If both inputs are zero then it raises
27153: A function that returns the value of 'state' from dictionary named as `Swither`. If it doesn’t exist in Switche then
27154: This Python function checks the value of 'X' and returns it in different ways depending on its type, sign or exactness/value; however when
27155: This function checks if the input string contains at least 3 instances of any character from ['M',	'O','D'] and returns true when it
27156: This line of the function calculates an output based on two input parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by 0,9 and then added to
27157: This function checks if the given class is present as an element of 'predicted' list. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false and
27158: This line of Python function returns the product list by multiplying corresponding elements from two lists.  The first element in each pair is multiplied together,
27159: This script checks whether the 'data' dictionary contains both keys, returning either Assets Registry or Import Data. If not it returns none –
27160: This Python script is trying to mock the voltage error in AV system by printing out expected result and then checking whether it matches with actual output or not,
27161: This function calculates the sum of all even numbers from rank to n. It uses arithmetic progression formula, which is ((n/3)*
27162: This Python function calculates the output of an amplifier circuit. The input is given by two channels, 'ch' and ‘m’; it
27163: This function takes two arguments - an integer 'n' and another one called "k". It calculates the result of dividing ‘’s
27164: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one part result, which is then multiplied by another constant to get final output in millions or tr
27165: This line of the script retrieves authentication token from configuration file and splits it into two parts using ':' as separator then returns filtered version with
27166: This function checks if the password contains two consecutive identical numbers. It also ensures that no number is greater than its next one, which makes it more secure
27167: If the message variable isn't set, it sets an empty string; otherwise converts all characters to uppercase in that specific instance of 'message
27168: This line of the given Python script converts an input value to its equivalent in decimal form by dividing it with '1/' and then converting
27169: This line of the program checks if all elements in grid are present and equal to 1. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise
27170: This function checks if the given string is an ASCII lowercase alphabetical character. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or raises exception
27171: This Python function returns the MIME type of an extension based on its filename, or 'Unknown' if no match is found in `types` dictionary
27172: This line of the Python script checks if either it's running as an initial file, in which case returns True because we can ignore .(dot
27173: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula used is alpha/beta + gamma*(pi^l)/(e
27174: This line of Python script calculates the value 'c' raised to one minus its proportion in relation with another variable, which is given by "mp
27175: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated value based on 'orientation' variable. The operation is to increment by two,
27176: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27177: This line of Python script prints the list "name" and returns [".", ".Cache"]. It's an example to show how we can return multiple
27178: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns total number vertices, plus one more than that calculated from edge count minus face counts. It'
27179: This function returns the RGB values of an inputted colour in tuple format.  The order is Blue, Green and Red respectively as per standard color representation
27180: This function returns 'one' when the value of `x` is greater than or equal to an input parameter, and otherwise it will return zero.
27181: This function takes in the input 'name' and returns whether or not it is equal to lowercase version of string heater, with leading/tra
27182: This Python script creates two lists, merges them into one and removes duplicates from the merged resultant 'set' of unique ids found within
27183: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The list lengths are assumed to be 4, and all values within
27184: This line of Python function returns the concatenation result from adding an 'error' string to any given number. If there is no such thing as Error
27185: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
27186: This function checks whether the board is full or empty. If there are any dashes (-), it means that some cells on our game field have been
27187: This function returns the CIM type as per its value. If it's 'referenced', then return with prefix of reference class followed by
27188: This function takes an input parameter and returns the result of 3 plus that value. The return is stored in variable 'c'. It's just
27189: This Python function calculates the difference between two angles and adjusts it to be within [-π, π] range by wrapping around if necessary
27190: Returns list comprehension that checks if each element x of the input iterator is present as an item within 'allowable set'.  This can be
27191: This function calculates the sensitivity of an algorithm based on its false positive rate and true negative rates. It's used in various machine learning algorithms to
27192: This function calculates the weighted average of two values, where 'p' is between 0 and 1. The weight on each value depends upon
27193: This function calculates the Body Mass Index of an individual based on their height and weighing, then classifies them into different categories depending upon BMI
27194: This function returns the appropriate sign based on whether or not an inputted integer is negative. If it's less than zero, then "-" repe
27195: This script will generate random numbers and store them in an array. The length of the generated list is determined by user input, with each number being between
27196: If the number is less than 2, it returns False. Otherwise checks whether or not there are two consecutive numbers in sequence that add up to '
27197: This Python script retrieves the latest version of an existing Galaxy WorkFlow from its UUID and returns it if found, otherwise raises exception indicating that there are
27198: Initialize the progress dictionary with default values. The status is set to 'not_started', current and correct counts are both zeroes; rate
27199: This function takes two arguments, 'seems' and "leech", checks whether they are less than zero. If so it raises an error with
27200: This Python function calculates the number of 'items' that can be filled in an array with given dimensions. The algorithm works by dividing and increment
27201: If the input number 'n' is zero it returns an empty string otherwise return prefixed with 1 space and then followed by numbered. The
27202: This Python function returns an empty list when the input 'None' or not of type dictionary. If it receives any other data types as its argument then
27203: This line of the Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from string 'value'.  It's an easy one liner that is very
27204: This function returns the result of multiplying 'x' to itself by an integer value, which is given as power.  The multiplication operation will be
27205: This Python function calculates the value of 'f' and divides it by one plus Z, then multiplies that result with an exponential. The
27206: This function returns the level of difficulty based on how many seconds are left. The more time is remaining, and therefore less difficult it becomes to complete tasks
27207: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to n, excluding zero. It does so by using arithmetic progression formula and
27208: This function checks whether two input strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the sorted versions and returning true or false accordingly, based on their sort
27209: This Python script takes the input string "championName" and returns it after removing all non alphabetic characters using str().translate(), then
27210: This python script performs matrix multiplication on two 4D vectors. The results are stored in variables 'a', and the original vector pairs ('q')
27211: This function checks whether the given URL starts with "HTTP", “HTTPS”, and/or 'PPDET' protocols in Python
27212: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate GCD and
27213: This function returns the first part of an accessions string, which is before any '.' character in Python programming language using list slicing method find()
27214: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
27215: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between mu + 3*alpha, which is equivalent to adding three times alphabetic value
27216: If the input is less than 'threshold', return zero; else check whether it's greater by adding some multiple of its own value to itself
27217: This function returns the third element of two lists, which are passed as parameters.  The first list is updated and then returned while keeping its second part
27218: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27219: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two given parameters. The first parameter is 'l' and it represents some constant, while
27220: Check if the given parameters are present, return false when they're missing. If special handling is found with debug level 104/3
27221: This script checks if the given 'address' dictionary contains all required fields. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending
27222: This Python script combines the keys of two dictionaries into one, removing "meta" from both resulting lists before returning them as final output – Code
27223: This function checks if the input 'k' is greater than or equal to zero. If it isn’t then an error message will return stating that
27224: This function checks the P value of an hypothesis test and returns different strings based on its significance level, with "*"",	"****" or "" at
27225: If the string has no leading spaces, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns sum of all digits in it as Int32 type using map function
27226: This Python script calculates the mean of an array 'w' divided by its sum. The variables are named as per their function, and it uses
27227: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input dictionary, checking if each value of 'dict' keyed by to_be
27228: This Python function takes as input the content of an ASCII text file, and returns another string with each character from every second row removed starting at position
27229: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
27230: This line of the program calculates two dimensions, 'dim' and '', which are used to divide nodes into smaller parts based on their ratios with respect
27231: This function checks if the current directory is part of an explicitly blocked list, ie., it's either one that should be ignored or has been
27232: This line of the given Python script is setting 'max' and minimum function to return values between -1 &amp;lt;-&gt;&#
27233: This is an example of Python program that calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' and counts how many numbers in it are
27234: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27235: This Python script returns the parameters of an artificial neural network model. The "return" statement is used to output or send back data from your function/
27236: This Python function converts two floating point numbers to integers by multiplying them with the same power of ten and then subtracting one integer from another.
27237: This Python script calculates the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves calculating three values,
27238: This Python script removes duplicates from the first inputted lists by comparing them with each other, then removing those elements that are also present within another given
27239: This line of Python function returns the result rounded to nearest whole number. The input f is divided by three and then one half value, which rounds down
27240: This line of the given Java program is creating an array by filtering out all non-"(" and ")" characters from each element in iterator's
27241: Code is not present. No need to generate any content or code snippets here, as the page does nothing but contains no executable Python script and
27242: This Python function converts the input string to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns
27243: This Python function returns the grade based on an input value. The grades are defined as follows, with lower values being better and higher ones less good or
27244: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27245: If the app, approval skip and environment are all present then return True. Otherwise false or error message is returned based on which condition fails to be met
27246: This Python function merges two dictionaries into one by checking if keys exist within the first dictionary before trying to merge them with values from second; otherwise
27247: This line of the function checks if last two characters in 'queue_urls' are equal to given PR number. If so, it returns True
27248: This Python script sorts an array of numbers and calculates the mean value by summing up all elements from that list; it also counts how many times
27249: This function returns the first non empty string in an iterable. If no such element exists it will default to returning 'None'.  It also handles
27250: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the DNA sequence with 'A's and then to uppercase, resulting from replacing T
27251: This line of Python script removes all digits from the string "s". It uses lambda function to check if each character is digit or alphabet
27252: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns value 'j' based on input variables. The calculation is done by subtracting variable "i
27253: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the first three elements from 'movie' data. The keys of these entries are dynam
27254: This line of Python is doing the same thing as `list.extend()`, but in one liner form using builtin functions and chain from
27255: This line of the given Python script checks if either block at position [x1] and y=7 in layer 'layer' is not empty by
27256: If the string does NOT start with 'xrn' then prepend it as an XRI prefix, else return original URI – Code snip
27257: This Python script generates an even number list up to 'n'. It uses the while loop and if statement in combination with variable assignment within it as well
27258: This function calculates the intersection point of two lines given their endpoints in 3D space using either parallel or perpendicular slopes and intercept points
27259: This function returns the result of hashing two points in 3D space. The first and second point are passed as tuples, with each
27260: This function checks which player has the lower ID and returns their score. If they are equal, it will return an unique identifier based on round ids
27261: Defines the variable 'factor' and initializes it to 1, which is of type Float in Rust programming language using Double data structure
27262: This Python script calculates the average of all elements present within 's' and returns it as an output, which is then printed to console using print
27263: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an updated average value. The new data is subtracted from current total, divided by number count
27264: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into list items based on character or substring "new" and joins them back together
27265: This Python script is used to parse command line arguments and return them as dictionary format with stripped keywords from the argument string values – e..g
27266: This Python function flattens the given nested/multidimensional input into one single, linearized output using extend() method of python's
27267: A dictionary is created with two empty lists as its values. The first list will contain the entity names and second one - links between entities in JSON format
27268: This python script creates an array of numbers from 'start' to end with increment equal by one. Then it filters out the elements that are not div
27269: This line of Python script joins all elements in the tuple into one string with dashes (-).  It also converts each element to its str representation
27270: If no columns to be dropped are specified, it simply returns the input dataframe 'target'. Otherwise - deletes all listed and sorts them by their
27271: This Python function calculates the total distance each cargo ship needs to travel by calculating how far away from its current position it is and then adding all these
27272: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
27273: This Python script defines two dictionaries and then uses them to lookup the corresponding status from an inputted numeric representation of that same statistic or '
27274: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
27275: This is an implementation of the binary logarithm function in Python. It uses bitwise shift operator to calculate log base 2, which can be used
27276: This program uses the power method to find an approximate solution in O(n^3/6 + log n), which makes it very efficient. The
27277: This Python script calculates the average number of times that clients switch channels and also counts how many switches were made when no changes occurred by counting all instances
27278: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two corners in an image plane given initial and final positions. The sides are calculated as half their length from x
27279: This line of the given Python script is returning an error because it's trying to access index 1 in NoneType object, which means that there
27280: This Python script splits the IP address and its corresponding Port number from an input string using ":" as separator returning two separate strings - Address(
27281: This Python function checks whether the input 'None' or an integer/float. If it’s not either of these two types then return false else
27282: A function that flattens an arbitrarily nested array of integers or lists into one dimension by using recursion to handle the nesting level and
27283: This is an example of conditional statements in Python. It checks the value 'x' and returns either “one” or zero based on its condition
27284: This function returns the result of an expression based on whether 'X' is less than or equal to zero, and in that case it multiplies by
27285: Code returns an object with version “v” and response containing output speech of type plain text which is the input parameter 'message'. The function does
27286: If the given string is an empty one (""), it returns '/', otherwise join with another directory name in 'os' module to form full paths using
27287: This Python function checks the length of an input number. If it's “one”, then returns zeroes repeated as many times equal to
27288: If the car's current velocity is less than (-), return an error value. Else, check whether it’re moving faster or slower and
27289: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method on strings in python language., converts
27290: This is an example of the use case where we have to deal with two conditions. The first condition checks whether 'size' equals one, and in
27291: This function returns the version number of an application. It takes two parameters, major and minor which are used to store different parts in binary format as per
27292: This Python script checks if the given header dictionary matches with another. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned based on comparison of keys and
27293: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from each key/value pair found within 'filters'. The keys are set
27294: This line of the given Python script returns an output that is two digits long, filled with zeros to make it three. The value returned by
27295: This function takes in two parameters. The first is the current shape and second one represents how much to move it along x or y axis respectively which are
27296: This function takes as input an iterable of numbers and returns another list with the same length, where each element is multiplied by some number. The
27297: This Python function raises an exception when the provided 'level' parameter exceeds its valid limit. It then partitions and returns another list based on that given depth
27298: If the 'inputLabels' parameter in function call, return none. Otherwise continue with execution of program as normal flow control statement not present here and
27299: This Python script generates coordinates from the "lineList". It uses list comprehension to generate new lists of dictionaries. Each dictionary contains 'feature'
27300: This Python script generates an array of integers by multiplying the elements from two lists. The result is then converted to integer type and returned as output,
27301: This function calculates the probability of an event occurring, given that it has not occurred yet. It uses binomial theorem to calculate and returns result
27302: This function takes an input string and returns the alias of that CPU if it exists in our dictionary; otherwise return its original form as is  Code length
27303: This Python script calculates the number of vertices in an undirected graph. The formula is “(nodes / ((order - i)*3
27304: This function takes in an 9 character string, strState. It then converts the first two characters to integers and returns them as five separate integer
27305: This function is used to generate the list of tags that are found between two elements equal with 'find' value from given input "Process List". The
27306: Counts the number of parkeds vehicles. – Code snippet provided by user, no specific task or context given to it but counts all
27307: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation given two points and their respective x values, returning Naan if division by zero occurs to avoid any
27308: This line of the Python script calculates and returns maximum value between two numbers. The first number is obtained by dividing `nprc` with
27309: This Python function calculates the Precisions and Recalls of an algorithm using TP(True Positives), FP & FN as inputs to calculate
27310: This Python function calculates the determinant of 3x4 matrix using numpy. It's based on formula derived from cross product and dot
27311: This function returns the key of an entry if it exists and its value is equal to 'val' otherwise return -1. If no such pair was
27312: This line of Python script returns the values from variables 'l', ‘c’ ,and ''r'' in that order. It does so by
27313: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the keys of 'valid' list from input data set named as ```runs```
27314: This python script creates an array of size 'N' and initializes the first two elements to be one. Then it fills up from third element on
27315: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value. The result is based on multiplication, division or modulus operation depending upon whether 'B
27316: This Python function calculates the Signal to Interference Noise Ratio, which is used in signal processing. It takes as input two parameters
27317: This line of the program calculates and stores in variables 'maxX', ‘minY' ,’and ''intersectArea'' maximums
27318: If the 'title' variable does not exist or it has no value then assign default to that. Otherwise add models into list of titles with their respective
27319: This Python script tries to handle JSON responses with specific headers and content type, if the error field is not present or has an incorrect value it replaces
27320: This Python function checks the input 'D' to see whether it is less than 3, returns that same number. If D isn’t between
27321: This Python function checks whether the string 'spaceship' is present within another given list of strings. If it finds, returns true; otherwise false
27322: This line of the given Python script splits an input file into lines, resulting in each element being one unique passenger's data entry from 'pass
27323: This line of the given Python script checks whether an action is 'deletion' and returns either one or two depending on that. If it isn
27324: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python's built in 'sum()'. The task is to
27325: This line of Python script converts the given temperature from Torricelli to Kelvin, and then divides it by seven times ten minus one
27326: Code generates an appropriate string representation of the given dictionary. If it contains keys 'parts', then these are added to form part, if they contain key
27327: This function calculates the base center of two points and their distance from each other. The result is returned as an integer tuple with rounded values to avoid
27328: This function checks if the necessary parameters are present in input. If not it returns false otherwise true – based on whether they exist and their values respectively
27329: A new Anamoly is created with the given parameters. The status of it will need to been confirmed by an operator before being used in any operation
27330: This function returns the hexadecimal representation of an input number.  It uses Python's built in "format" and "%X". The
27331: Defines the reciprocal of b1 as TAU. This is used in calculating the time delay between two signals, which can be useful when
27332: This script is used to extract the first two characters of each line in 'version' buffer and store it into another variable, then split that string by
27333: This Python function finds the smallest number of nodes that are connected to any given inputted 'start' or root. The result is returned as an integer
27334: This function checks whether the given file name is an existing directory or returns empty list, otherwise it will return all files in that specific folder as output of
27335: This python script calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find it, which is based on
27336: This script converts the input number to binary and then performs an XOR operation on each bit. The result is returned as output of function "X
27337: This function increments the count of "P" and/or 't' when it encounters more points than miles or vice versa. It
27338: This function returns the average of two numbers, which is half their sum in case they are equal and one third if not; otherwise it just multiplies
27339: This line of the Python script splits "name" string by "-". The result is stored in 'components' list and then returns last element from
27340: This line of Python script calculates the summation and multiplication operation between two lists. The result is returned as Complexes number which can be used to
27341: This Python script merges the text of all options into one string. It does so by iterating over each option and adding its own 'option'
27342: This function checks if the xBlock object contains either grade or score. If it does then returns True else return false based on whether they exist together in
27343: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by two plus one. It's simply returning twice its value, increment
27344: This Python script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The coordinates are calculated based on their corners and then used to find out which corner is closer in
27345: This Python function checks the last digit of an integer and appends ' st',	' th' etc., based on that. If it is not one
27346: This function takes as input the name of an attribute and its corresponding values from another data set, then returns yet to be defined; it creates two d
27347: This Python script dedents the input text by removing leading spaces from each nonempty block of characters, and returns it as one long string with newlines
27348: This function converts each element of the input to its equivalent Python data type and returns them as lists within another nested structure/data format like List or
27349: This function takes two arguments - 'seq' and an initial value of empty list. It then uses the append method to add elements from one sequence into
27350: If the height of first rectangle is greater than that in second one. Then swap their positions and update corresponding variables accordingly – ie., change coordinates
27351: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27352: If the number of groups is greater than or equal to  > 8 and less then equals >>>>>>to<<<= 69. Then it
27353: This function checks the type of input and strips leading/trailing whitespace from URLs that are provided as string inputs; it also handles cases where
27354: If the number is zero, it returns False. Otherwise -> True  [1 line]   Code snippet only one statement in each case
27355: This function returns the result of dividing two numbers. If 'b' is zero, it raises an error because division by 0 isn’t
27356: This python script is used to extract the version of Linux Kernel from 'kernel_release' string and return it as output if there are multiple versions present
27357: This line of the program creates an empty list with length equal to crypto_length. It is used as placeholder in case we need more space than
27358: This function takes two parameters, x and y. It returns the sum of these values using Python's built in '+'. 0f course
27359: This function checks if the input is either "www" followed by any domain name, with http/ https prefixes and returns True in case it'
27360: This function checks if the list of weekday numbers is sorted. If not, it returns false and true otherwise; else return only one line with "
27361: This function checks if the input is even, and returns it plus one. If not an integer or less than zero then return original value as per condition
27362: This Python script splits an STS path into the three components and returns only one of them as output which is 'B' in our case
27363: This script calculates the minimum and maximum bounding box coordinates of all given images. The result is stored as 'minx', ‘maxy
27364: If either of the input lists is empty return zero as there are no overlapping periods to compare with other ones in another list/array; otherwise sort
27365: This Python script counts the number of incoming and outgoing data packet from/to an array. It uses list comprehension to filter through each element within
27366: This Python function returns the opposite of 'x' when it is equal to one, and otherwise return its value. It uses an "else" clause
27367: This Python script creates an empty list and adds unique string values from each element of the 'L' inputted into it, then returns all elements that
27368: This Python script extracts the HIVE and RPI numbers from filenames using regular expressions in one line of python program with if condition statement to
27369: This function takes four arguments and returns the coordinates of rectangles in an image. The first two are used to define their position on screen; while three
27370: This Python function splits names into two parts based on an underscore character and checks if they are formatted correctly according to certain rules before returning them back
27371: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an average difference between two values. The pari is based on how much one value devi
27372: If the input 'resouce map', return an empty list. Otherwise it will filter out all resources that contain "/dat" and returns them as
27373: This function checks the length of an input list, and returns its first element when it's only one item long. Otherwise return None or whatever is
27374: This line of the given Python script is used to convert all uppercase characters in 'input' string into lower case and return it as output, else
27375: This Python function converts each string from the list 'words' to its corresponding index value, if it exists within our dictionary of indices; otherwise returns
27376: This Python script splits the input string into separate line segments, then processes each segment to extract wordnet tags from it and stores them as dictionary entries
27377: This Python function calculates the two parameters of an alphabetic reaction rate model based on temperature inputted by user in Kelvin scale and
27378: This Python function calculates the value of an object based on its initial mass and final density, using equation derived from molecular dynamics simulations to estimate atomic collisions
27379: This function calculates the coordinates of two bounding boxes in 3D space. The four corners are determined by finding their maximum and minimum values along
27380: This program creates an array of strings where each string is padded with spaces to the right so that they are all equal width. The maximum length among
27381: This Python script is used to parse command line options and return the value of -f option if it exists else returns 'None'.  Code snip
27382: This line of the given Python script returns only those services from 'service list' that contain string ‘record’. It uses List Comprehens
27383: If the input 'X' isn’t provided, return "None". Otherwise try to convert it into floating point number. In case of failure due
27384: This line of the script creates an ordered set from all keys in 'params' dictionary, which is then converted to string format using join() function and
27385: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, firstly dividing one by another. The result is then raised to power p and multiplied with
27386: A dictionary that maps AWS regions to their country codes.  The function returns the corresponding value from 'mapping' based on input region name ('key').
27387: This function calculates the value of KFactor, which is used in calculating the weighting factor to be applied on each element when computing an average
27388: This Python function checks whether the input variables are both integers. If they're not then it converts them to floats before performing bitwise AND
27389: This Python function calculates the Mach number of an object given its properties. The formula is derived from physics and it's used to measure how much
27390: This Python script calculates the middle values and ranges of each gap. It then returns indices where range is greater than minimum required interval size 'min'.
27391: This line of Python script uses the builtin function 'zip' to pair up elements from two lists. Then it multiplies each corresponding element and returns
27392: This Python function parses nested dictionaries and replaces any JSON formatted data with the string 'JSON' to make it easier on human readers when printing
27393: This Python function splits the input string into individual word and then joins them back together with an invisible non breaking space ("\uae" or un
27394: If the variable 'email' is not defined or null, it returns False. Else check whether an empty string exists in that value and also handle
27395: This function checks the input string and returns one of three predefined strings based on its content. If it's not recognized, an exception is
27396: This line of the function checks if two keys are equal by comparing their bitwise AND operation with masks. If they match, it returns True;
27397: This Python script creates an array of unique terms from the given text data set using list comprehension and if statement to check whether each term is already present
27398: This Python script attempts to fit an sklearn linear regression model on two numpy arrays using the `sklern` library's LinearReg
27399: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27400: This line of the Python script splits an input string into its components based on '.' and then takes last element from that split list, converts
27401: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27402: This Python function calculates the slope of two points in 3D space. If they are on one line or coincide with each other it returns '
27403: This function returns the product of first and second parameters multiplied by third parameter. 3rd param is always 'three'. The result will be returned
27404: Removes punctuation from the given string.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively remove any character that is found within an array of characters defined
27405: This Python function tries to convert the input 'object' into datetime format, if it is not possible then returns none; otherwise return converted object as output
27406: This line of the given python script calculates and returns 0, which is assigned to variable 'k'. The value returned by function "return_
27407: This Python function checks the value of 'nt' and assigns it to different color codes based on its values. If no condition is met, then
27408: This function searches the given string and returns any quoted content within it if found, else return none or an empty str depending on whether there is no such
27409: This function checks if the file name ends with ".txt", converts it to lowercase, then verifies that there is an 'Analysis' sub
27410: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to perform operations on these inputs, such
27411: If the input 'noun' type inherits from Tuple or Integer class then return it. Else increment by 1 and returns as
27412: This function takes an object and checks its length. If the string representation of that obj is less than 40 characters, it returns same as original
27413: This Python script finds the highest number from each list of numbers. It uses nested loops to iteratively compare every pair and keep track on which is higher
27414: This function converts all upper case characters to their corresponding lowecased versions. It does not handle non ASCII chars as it's assumed
27415: This function calculates the average length of an array. It multiplies by 1/N and then divides summed arms lengths to get final
27416: This function converts an integer to its corresponding Excel cell reference. For example; convertIndexToExcelColumnNumber() takes in the input as '
27417: This Python function is used to calculate the number of bits in binary representation. It starts from leftmost bit and counts how many times it encounters '
27418: If the value of 'val' is less than minimum, set it to min.  Otherwise do nothing or whatever else you want in your program...
27419: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as it does not include any of its consonants. It only includes characters that are
27420: This function reads all files in the current directory and its subdirectories. If an argument is provided to it with format "[startnum], [end
27421: This line of the given C++ function is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The left shift operator ((<<)) shifts bits to make space at
27422: If the condition is true, return 'label'. Otherwise do nothing and just leave it as an empty string.  This can be used to prevent errors
27423: This Python function checks whether the input 'number' can be an integer or floating point number. If it does not meet these conditions then returns that same
27424: This script will execute the given shell commands. The "/usr" directory is excluded from being searched in case of an error, and "command_to
27425: This function compares two numbers and returns True if they are the same when sorted, False otherwise.  The input is both numbered strings or integers
27426: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
27427: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on two variables, 'a' and 'b'. The formula is as follows -> return
27428: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two numbers. The result is then returned by function call as output, which can be used in further
27429: This function takes an input string and returns the corresponding value from dictionary. If it doesn't exist, then default_value is returned instead of raising
27430: This line of the script is defining variables and assigning values to them. The variable 'voxels' will be assigned with value from dictionary "
27431: This Python function takes two complex numbers as input and returns their conjugugates. The real part of the first number is multiplied by that in second
27432: If the input 'language' isn’t provided, return an empty string. Otherwise it should only take into account two characters of that value and returns
27433: This line of Python script calculates the Gross Product Of Perimeter and mass, then returns it. The formula used is peri^(1
27434: Code creates two dictionaries, compares their keys and values to determine if they are identical or not; returns false otherwise – only one dictionary can
27435: This Python script generates an array of URL strings from the given list 'filnames' using AWS SaaS service bucket names and file paths to generate
27436: This Python function calculates the total delay in hours between two events using an array of delays. The time step is multiplied by each element from that
27437: This Python function checks the HTTP response's 'status'. If it is one of these specific codes - returns true. Otherwise false or nothing at all
27438: This Python script uses list comprehension to create an array of labels from the input. If any part isn't provided, it replaces with '
27439: If the 'None' object, return false; else check whether there exists key named as `“ cert ”` within dictionary with name of variable
27440: If the value of 'var_valu' is either equal to or lowercase as one, it will be set into boolean true; otherwise false
27441: This Python function calculates the output of an aircraft engine given its input parameters, which are represented as negative and positive floats in decimal form with '
27442: This line of Python script joins the input text with tabs ('\\n') using 'tab' as separator, effectively splitting it into lines at each
27443: A dictionary to map SQL data types and their corresponding Python equivalent.  This is used in the conversion of database results into python objects, which can then
27444: If the input is 3, return its value. Otherwise (- in python), check whether it's nonnegative and not zero; then calculate how
27445: This function calculates the area of triangle ABC using coordinates. The formula is derived from cross product and it's used to determine if points are in
27446: If the denominator is zero in one of two cases - return values are sum or product depending on which variable has been set to ‘zero’
27447: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input. It checks whether or no it's possible to calculate such thing with non numeric inputs
27448: This function calculates the position of an object in space. It takes as input two parameters - 'start_point' and "difference per Frame
27449: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27450: This function returns the absolute value of 'num' or 1, depending on whether num is zero. If not zero it divides by its
27451: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "device" data to extract unique site names from it using 'site' as key
27452: This Python function calculates the average rate of change between two points in an array. The result is then returned as 'Spike Rate'.
27453: This is an implementation of the Leap Year Checker. It checks whether or not given 'year' variable value falls into leap years according to Greg
27454: A dictionary comprehension that creates new dictionaries from the input fields with nonempty values only – ie., it removes any key/value pair
27455: If the types of two variables are equal or one variable's type extends from another. Then it checks whether they have similar values using 'isappro
27456: This Python function checks whether the input number is even or odd. If it's an integer, then returns half of that value; otherwise return three
27457: This function bins years into different categories based on their values. If the input 'year' parameter isn’t provided it returns ‘None” and
27458: This function checks whether the given 'tile' object is either of type Blank, Doddah. If it does then returns true else
27459: If the list tspec is empty or not contains any True value then return 'Nothing'. Else it will join and concatenates names of arguments that
27460: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two times difference between 'model' parameters. The result is then used in further calculations or operations
27461: This function checks whether the value of 'val' falls within specified range. If it does, returns true; otherwise false depending on which limit was exceed
27462: This Python function calculates the remainder of an angle difference between two angles. It takes three parameters, 'obj', which is compared with another value ('
27463: This function replaces occurrences of the first argument in its input with an empty space and returns it as output – useful when dealing w/
27464: This function checks if the given number is within one of three ranges. The first range includes numbers from 'a' to less than equal, but not
27465: This function takes two lists of species names as input and returns the first one after stripping leading/trailing whitespaces from each element in both these
27466: This Python script iterates over the items of one dictionary and copies them to another using their keys as identifiers from both dictionaries respectively which is then
27467: If the string is empty or contains only whitespace characters return an blank line/tab character; otherwise replace all non-" \r" and "\ n
27468: This Python function attempts to convert the input value into an integer. If it's not possible, then instead of raising and exception returns 'None'.
27469: This Python function creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the input 'ele' which is not present within any element of given "input
27470: This line of Python script calculates the average number density in water at each wavelength. The result is an array with one element per wave length, which
27471: If the given URL does not contain "http://" or it's an internal download page, then return that same url as string; otherwise replace
27472: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer. If it's not, then return that same value; otherwise proceed with some other operation or
27473: This Python function calculates the product of two lists, then multiplies it by 0.6 and another list's percentage value to get final
27474: If the value of 'val' variable isn’t defined, return none; otherwise remove “comments” from it and strip any leading/tra
27475: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
27476: This line of the program splits an input string into individual elements based on commas, resulting list 'items'.  The result is that each item
27477: This function converts the longitudes of geographic coordinates to their corresponding indices in an array, which is used as indexing into another data structure that
27478: This Python function calculates melt rate based on temperature, pressure and melting point of water in an ideal gas equation using given values from input parameters as
27479: This line of the given Python script converts all variables to strings and then concatenates them with an underscore. The result is returned as output from
27480: Checks whether the ASCII value of character is either an Uppercase letter, LowerCase Letter or Space. If so returns True else False  Code
27481: A function that returns the value within given range. If input is less than lower limit it's set to low end of provided limits and if greater
27482: This function calculates the accuracy of binary classification. It counts True Positives and False Negatives to calculate Accuracy Score which is defined as
27483: This Python function returns the concurrency level based on input. It can handle multiple types of inputs, but currently only supports two options - 'consecut
27484: This line of Python script converts two lists into one dictionary. The first list is the keys and second contains corresponding value in order to form pairs between
27485: Counts the number of 'one' characters in an integer i, converted to string format and counted using Python builtin function "str".  The
27486: This function returns the coordinates of an object based on its type ('block') along with whether it's rotating in any particular direction. If 'type
27487: This Python function calculates the minimum, maximum and range of an input list. It then scales all values by dividing them with their respective ranges to
27488: If the attributes of two objects p1 and 	p	and not equal return true. Otherwise false if they are identical or both do no exist then
27489: This Python script converts Julian day number to Gregoran calendar date. The input is the JDN, and it outputs month/date
27490: This Python script checks the file extension of an input string, and returns only its name without any extensions in case it is '.txt','.py','
27491: This function takes in one string, checks whether it is empty or not. If the inputted value of 'str' variable ('string') ‘
27492: If the current "state" variable does not exist, return none; otherwise check each item of 'release' to see whether it has an attribute named
27493: This Python function calculates the Factoria of an integer. If input is negative it raises domain error and returns one when either number equals to zero/
27494: This function generates an output string based on the input parameters. The returned value is in one line format with specific symbols and alerts as per given conditions
27495: This function returns the quotient and remainder of dividing 'int' by "divisor" which is set to be equal or less than one.
27496: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
27497: This Python function splits the input string on '.' character, checks if it has at least 1 token with length greater than or equal to three
27498: This Python function calculates the value of x^(7/4). It uses simple algebraic expressions to calculate it, which is more efficient than using
27499: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27500: This function calculates the quarter of year based on month number. The result is returned as an Int type in Scala language using BigDecimal class
27501: This Python script takes the first 7 characters of `head commit id` and checks whether it matches with input from users. If yes, then return
27502: This function checks if the intersection of keys in two dictionaries is empty, ie., they have no common elements or are disjoint sets with respect to
27503: Returns dictionary with status “not found” and text message. This is the dark version of not being able to find something in our system or data
27504: This Python function checks whether the input argument 'arg' has any value. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or null depending on what
27505: This Python function takes an input string, removes any leading or trailing whitespace and then checks if it contains '?' character to determine the end of
27506: This Python function rounds the input 'bit' value downwards by one byte if it is not already an integer. If bit isn’t divisible
27507: This Python function takes an input list of strings and separates them based on the provided delimiter. It also converts numeric values to string
27508: This line of the script checks if two rows in dataframe have different start and end phases. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is
27509: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an exponential value. The exponent is given in variable alpha, which can be any real number
27510: This Python script creates an array of coefficients using dynamic programming. The function takes two parameters 'm' and the number to calculate factorial from which we
27511: This function takes an Int32 key and returns the value of its least significant byte. The operation is performed using bitwise AND, then shifting to
27512: This script calculates the mean and standard deviation of an array. The difference between two consecutive means is calculated as delta_mean which can be used to
27513: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the given 'dataset' appending each job to it one by on line of execution until
27514: This script creates three lists based on the conditions specified. The first list is created by iterating over an array and selecting elements where 'a' value
27515: This line of the Python script is checking whether "full or partial id" contains either an equal sign, and then splitting it into two parts based on
27516: This line of the given Python script returns 'From' followed by whatever is in `{}`. The value inside braces will be replaced with what
27517: This line of the program calculates and returns Ft to Miles conversion factor using given value in Km/h, which is then used as
27518: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'ids' variable and append each element to another one called "newnumbers
27519: This Python function returns the string representation of three variables. The first two are placeholders and can be replaced with any other values when needed in your program
27520: This Python script is used to manipulate the string 'RTPS' by removing leading characters until it starts with either an RTSP or not,
27521: This function takes in the input 'hvac' and returns ‘tf’, which is either one or zero depending on whether it matches with
27522: This script is used to compare two s itemaps and generate the differences. It does so by checking if URL'S from one list are present on
27523: If the string 'end' is an empty str, return original `haystak`. Else check whether it matches with last part of
27524: This Python script checks the existence of certain keys ("event", and two specific ones, 'not' & '_in'). If these are absent from an
27525: This function retrieves the average and standard deviation of 'logger' object with key name "qvals". It also checks if either value is outside range
27526: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27527: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers less than 'n' that are divisible by either three, fourteen(or five), six
27528: This function checks whether the input string ends with specified subtring. If it does, returns all characters before that endsubring; otherwise return original str
27529: A dictionary is created to map the version numbers of Zbrushes ("3D", and sometimes also other versions like R7, etc.) with their
27530: This Python function calculates the dot product of two vectors, which is essentially multiplying corresponding elements together and then adding all these products. The result will
27531: This function checks whether the given string starts with "package name" or does nothing and returns true, otherwise it will return false immediately without doing anything else
27532: This Python function converts temperature from CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT. It takes one argument, the value of 'tempC
27533: This function checks if the first 4 characters of each line in an input file are "Chrom", then it verifies that all subsequent character(
27534: This Python function retrieves the last modification time of an input file, or returns zero if there is any error during execution."  ---> Code
27535: This function checks the case of each character in string 's'. If all characters are lowercase, it returns "LOWERCASE". Else
27536: This function takes an image URL as input and returns the base name of that url after removing all dots from it, followed by .jpeg extension in
27537: This Python function calculates the decimal equivalent of binary number. It takes an array 'number' as input and returns its value calculated by multiplying each
27538: This function checks if the given 'shapes' are compatible with each other. It compares two shapes by their dimensions, starting from last to first
27539: This Python function converts the given number of 'seconds' into hours and minutes. The result is returned in three separate variables as per requirement - hour
27540: This function checks whether the URL contains ':', then splits it by':' to get its protocol, finally returns either original or modified string based on
27541: This Python function takes as input an array of points represented by 3D coordinates and returns the minimum x-, yand z dimensions. The first point
27542: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27543: This Python function checks the type of `sc_points` and performs different actions based on its value. If it'is an integer then divides
27544: This Python function generates permutations of the input string. If it starts with ‘zero’ then removes that prefix and returns only base name followed by
27545: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
27546: This function is used to return the negative of an input angle. The output will be in degrees, as it's being returned from another part that
27547: This line of the Python script removes trailing slashes from an URL and splits it into its components, then returns one component - in our case
27548: This function evaluates the polynomial at point 'x'. If coefficient list is empty, it returns zero as per requirement in problem statement; otherwise recursively
27549: This function calculates the minimum of “Am” and "(- min((Phi/HorizontalBeawidth), Amp))". The result
27550: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27551: This script calculates the minimum and maximum values of three dimensions from 6D points. The initial value is set to infinity or negative infinites
27552: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three. The purpose is to demonstrate how functions work in Python programming language and its syntax rules
27553: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27554: Checks whether the input is indeed one level deep and contains just sublists. If it's more than that or less then raise an exception stating
27555: This Python script checks whether the URL ends with ".git", and, in case it does not end there by splitting "/". The last part of that
27556: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
27557: This Python script checks the architecture of your system and returns its name. It supports multiple architectures like powerPC, Power PC 3DNow/
27558: If the least significant bit of 'value' is zero, return value. Otherwise subtract power_of two from it and then again check whether its
27559: This function checks whether the string is empty or not and also counts number of tab characters. If it's an emptystring, then return
27560: This Python function updates the values of an array by replacing certain elements with others from another list or dictionary using mapping information provided as input to it."
27561: If no input, raise an error.  Otherwise return the value of 'arg' as it was given to function in Python scripting language or any
27562: This line of the Python function returns an RGBA value. The values are divided by their maximum possible intensity to normalize them between [0..(
27563: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on "::". It then generates all possible combinations of characters from 'phrases'
27564: This Python function generates filenames based on the value of 'problematic' variable. If it is less than 10, prefixes
27565: This Python function generates two lists of indices. The first list starts with the index 'i' and ends at another value determined by binary operations on previous
27566: This script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the keys of 'd' to count how many times each key appears within that data structure using
27567: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an inputted 'value' within its range. The calculation is based on percentages and absolute differences between
27568: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from two lists. The first list is used as keys, while second one serves to
27569: This script calculates the reference risk by multiplying each value of 'proportional risks' with its corresponding proportion from another dictionary, and then div
27570: This function takes any number of arguments and converts them into keyword parameters using the format "arg1==value", where 'equals' is optional but
27571: Splits the given string into two parts based on '-' character and returns them as language(lang),country_code or vice versa depending
27572: This Python script converts the string of numbers separated by commas into list with float values using List Comprehension and split() function, which
27573: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27574: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27575: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of entities and adds them to that dict with their counts if they already exist or
27576: This Python function replaces all spaces in the input string with '%' followed by two times of space.  It does not modify non-" " characters
27577: This function takes an integer and returns the rounded value of it. The calculation is done by subtracting minimum possible int from position then dividing that result
27578: This function returns all, eurasi or indi as well the other three hemi spheres. It raises an error when it encounters any
27579: Code converts text to lowercase, removes non alphanumeric characters and replaces spaces with hyphens.  It then joins the resultant
27580: This Python script calculates the date of one day before and after in two different years. It also handles cases where we are at January or December,
27581: This Python function returns an ordered dictionary sorted by the keys in lowercase alphabetical order, similar to how dictionaries are usually represented but with case
27582: This line of the given Python script is responsible to ensure that all four variables, 'img', and their corresponding values are within certain constraints. The first
27583: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an energy density, 'q', based on fluid parameters. The equation is derived from thermodynamic
27584: If the first coordinate of one line segment is less than, equal to ,or greaterthan second coordinates then return false. Else check whether points are
27585: This function returns the names of all bench marks in our system. It's used to provide an easy way, if needed by other parts or modules
27586: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27587: Sorts the collection in ascending order using builtin sort function of Python's list data type, and returns it back to caller –
27588: This Python function calculates the square root of an input number 'n' and returns its floor value, which is equivalent to rounding downwards towards
27589: This Python script translates the given input from English to French using dictionary translation service API's response as output, which is then returned by function '
27590: This line of the Python script is creating an alias to access metadata in SQL tables.  It's using string concatenation and returning it as "
27591: This Python function checks if the matrix is empty or not. If it's an identity, then returns True; otherwise return false and prints error message
27592: If the input is an empty list or doesnt have two elements then it raises value error. Otherwise calculates and returns number of blocks per page along
27593: This script creates an access control list with grantors and privileges. It iterates over the provided database permissions to create each privilege entry within that ACL
27594: This Python script calculates the number of times an image can be divided by its original size. The result is then used to determine how much space should
27595: If no terminal nodes are provided, return an empty string. Otherwise create and concatenates the names of all these node's children into one single line
27596: This Python script generates pairs of indices that can be used to access the elements within an array or list upto 'maximum' length with incrementing
27597: "Creates dictionary of file names and their corresponding checksums."  Code Snippet/Example(s): """def getFileChecksum
27598: This line of the Python function checks if there is more than one difference between two numbers. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or None depending
27599: This script attempts to convert an object into records and then dictionary format. If any error occurs during the conversion process it will return false; otherwise true is
27600: This Python function returns the MIME type of an HTTP request based on its content and method, which is application vnad dcose package format
27601: This Python function calculates the Hammings distance between two lists. The input is expected to be of equal length, otherwise an error will occur when
27602: This function returns the string representation of an input 'status' based on its value. If it is not one among four possible values, then return empty
27603: This function scales the input x by applying some transformation to it. The source scale is used as an offset and scaling factor, while destination scalefactor
27604: This function checks whether the string variable 'var' contains an exclamation mark. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned as
27605: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and returns the sum. It uses Python's builtin `sum` method to add up all its input
27606: This Python function takes two lists of the same length, iterates over them simultaneously using nested loops and adds corresponding elements from both list. The result is
27607: This line of the Python function returns RGB values from an input integer. The colors are divided by two to get between [min_val] and max
27608: This Python function calculates the average length of strings from two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively process each string within both input arrays,
27609: This Python script calculates the temperature correction factor based on an inputted value of 'cal\_temp'. The formula used is derived from experimental data and
27610: This Python function calculates the Cross Product of two vectors. The input to it is an array representing each vector and output will be another one that represents
27611: Returns the operator and complex audience's id in JSON format.  The function takes two parameters - 'relationship', which is an object representing some
27612: This Python function returns the grade based on an input value. The grades are defined as follows, with lower values being better and higher ones less good or
27613: This Python function converts bytes to gigabytes. It takes the total number of Bytestes as input and returns it in GB format if possible
27614: If the number of predictions made by user with id 'x['userid']' is greater than that from another, return zero. Else check
27615: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with tuples representing the coordinates of each unique pairing from 'cell' that is
27616: This Python script checks if the input 'name' is present within any of several types defined by dictionary keys ('key'). If it finds one - returns
27617: This Python function checks the length of 'input' and returns different ranges based on its value. It is used to determine how many characters are needed in
27618: This python script splits the string into IP and Port using ":" as separator while also splitting on "_" to get more information from it
27619: This function takes an annotation object and assigns the category ID to it. It then returns updated list of annotated objects with assigned Category Ids
27620: This line of Python script calculates the total time in hours from seconds. It takes into account minutes and also fractions thereof, which is why it
27621: This function takes an URL as input and returns the ID part of it. It does so by iterating over each character from 0 to nth
27622: This Python function takes an input list of category names and removes the one specified by '.' + str(categorie_name). The result
27623: This Python function splits the 'Acquiring' date string into year, month and day components using '/', then converts it to python’
27624: This line of the given Python script returns two elements from string 's'. The first element is taken at index 0 and second one starts with an
27625: This line of the given Python script adds two elements from an array. The first element is at index 0, and second one in indices [1
27626: This line of Python script returns all the 'items' from an input list where their data attribute, which is assumed to be dictionary type and contains key
27627: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an approximate percentage value. The function 'f' is not defined, but it seems to be used
27628: Checks whether the object has exactly 1 element and it's an integer or floating point number. If so returns true else false/returns "
27629: This function returns the results of an event in specific format.  The input is "A", which represents 'Attendance', and so on,
27630: If 'from' environment variable or file exists, return its value. Otherwise use the provided fallback string as resultant output – else do nothing
27631: If the spacecraft name is new, create an empty dictionary under it. Else do nothing or raise error as per requirement; else check whether H
27632: This Python function attempts to encode the input "s" in ASCII, and if it fails due an exception then tries decoding with CP 4
27633: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
27634: This line of Python script returns the summation result between corresponding elements from two lists x and Y. The function uses list comprehension to iteratively add
27635: Code is returning the value of variable 'a' in Python. The function takes no arguments and returns an integer, which means it can be used to
27636: This function takes in two parameters. The first is the position of an element within some list or array and second one represents how much "wiggling
27637: This function scales the data by dividing each value of 'x' with its maximum and then copying it to another variable named "scale". The scaling
27638: This function converts the first character of an input string to lowercase, and if it is "N", subtracts one from its numerical value
27639: This function returns the value of 'i' minus one if it is greater than zero, otherwise return '-'. The condition checks whether "if" statement
27640: This Python function is used to get the number of bytes read and written from an open file object using 'handle'. If any exception occurs during execution it
27641: This Python script converts the file extension of an inputted string to lowercase, then splits it into its components based on '.' character and
27642: If the input is an empty list, it raises and handles error.  Otherwise proceeds to perform some operation on that data structure in question."
27643: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of dictionaries. The keys are extracted using "key" field
27644: This line of the program initializes variable 'this_h' to 1. It is not used in any other part or function, so it
27645: This Python script converts the given Hexadecimal values to Frequency Dictionary. The frequency of each character is calculated based on its ASCII
27646: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27647: Returns the last character of 'palavra'.  This is done by using negative indexing. In Python, -index gives us access to elements
27648: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the same keys as input 'd' but all values are converted to their corresponding key value
27649: This Python function generates and returns an array of the first 'n' multiples numbers from ‘multiple’, which is defined by user input
27650: This line of the given C++ program is an example on how to use the else statement in if/switch case. It'll print 'Hello
27651: Checks if the given expression is of symbol data. 1 line solution in Python using 'isinstance' function or conditional statement, which checks whether
27652: This Python function returns the result of adding 'increment' to an angle in degrees and then taking modulo with respecting one complete circle. The
27653: This line of the program is setting two bounding boxes. The first box has coordinates from 'bbox1' and second one with those in
27654: This function takes two strings as input and returns the first part of string 'A' that is not in second half. The resultant output will be
27655: This Python function calculates the cross product of two 3D vectors. The result is then normalized and returned as one single number, which represents angle
27656: Returns the value of 'status' key from dictionary. If it doesn’t exist then returns default string “Unknown” if not null or empty
27657: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of numbers from an inputted number array, which is calculated as square root average difference between each value and its
27658: This Python function merges overlapping time ranges and returns the result as an array of tuples where each tuple represents one range's start/
27659: This function takes two arguments - directory and the name of an existing folder in that specific location. It then returns their concatenation using 'joinPath'
27660: This line of Python script replaces all single quotes with double ones in the given inputted strings, and then wraps them around by enclosing
27661: This Python function compares two strings character by char, returning the common prefix of their characters. It uses pointers to track where in each string
27662: Returns True if the value of 'latitude' variable in object is greater than that specified by another parameter.  If not, it returns False or
27663: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with parameters from the input list of strings 'params'. The keys are parameter names, while values
27664: If the first two elements of both 'tabcodes' are equal, return value "2". Else check whether either one element is different.
27665: If the variable "last_tiomeout" is not None, return its value plus one. Otherwise it returns zero as default result in case of
27666: This function calculates the next power of two that is greater than or equal to 'n'. If "N" less then zero, it returns Z
27667: This function calculates the average of an array. It takes into account that it should be updated with new values every time, and also keeps track how
27668: This Python function splits the input string into its components and checks if they are within valid ranges, raising an error otherwise; it then returns these as
27669: If the input string 'in_srt' does not exist then return none; otherwise split it into two parts at '/'; extract first part as
27670: This function checks the type and formatting validity before converting numerical input into native Python data types like int or floats using regex validation in order ensure that
27671: This Python function splits the input string by '.' and then joins each part of resulting list with an underscore in between using lower case conversion on
27672: This Python script replaces all alphanumeric characters and special symbols with the same number of "*"s as their length to protect user emails from
27673: If the function receives an "None" as input, it returns empty string. Otherwise return whatever was passed to that method in its parameter/argument
27674: This function takes an IP address as input, checks if it starts with the http or https prefix using Python's string methods; then splits that
27675: This Python function checks if the cbrt of an input number 'rounds to' either itself, plus one and minus on. If it does
27676: This function checks if the string contains "line" followed by either of two keywords, which are then checked to see whether they appear before or after another
27677: This Python script calculates the duration of symbols based on bandwidth and spreading factor. It then checks if it's greater than 16 to return
27678: This Python function maps fields and directions to indices in the 'filters' list. It then returns an element at that index from within another data structure
27679: This function scales and shifts the input data. It's useful when you have some range of values that need scaling, shifting or transforming before feeding
27680: This function checks whether the given file path is an existing regular or directory, returning true when it's indeed one and false otherwise in Python programming language
27681: This function returns the value associated with key in Python. If no such entry exists, it raises an exception and stops execution of further operations if stop_
27682: This is an infinite loop that keeps on checking the remainder of generator raised to power 'k' with given number. If it returns 0 then function
27683: This function checks if all characters of the input are ASCII printable. If not, it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that they can
27684: This Python function renames images in the given list by adding an underscore and appending "_.jpeg". The original image names are not modified
27685: This Python function checks whether the input number 'n' in base ten, and returns its binary equivalent. If it isn’t divisible by one
27686: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the counts of each unique element. The elements are then stored into two lists - one list
27687: Parses the given string as an Int30 in hexadecimal.  If parsing fails it returns None or throws exception if provided
27688: This function calculates the ratio of differences between two boxes. The ratios are then normalized to be in range [0, ∞). It'
27689: Returns the first element of an array.  This is one way to get access and manipulate data in Python, but it's not as efficient
27690: This Python function checks the value of 'code' and assigns it to an integer based on its position. If no match is found then default location
27691: This function calculates the Fibo number at position 'input' using recursion. The base cases are when input is less than two, it
27692: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27693: Disable bootstrap in the settings.py file of Django project, so that it does not load its default configuration when starting up an application instance
27694: This function calculates the effective size of an image given its parameters. The formula is based on convolutional layers in deep learning models, where 'k
27695: This script creates an empty Python dictionaries to store rooms. It then iterates over each item from 'config'['roooms'] and checks
27696: This is an array of strings, where each string represents the data in one record. The first two fields are numeric and represent "code" or
27697: This function returns the block height as string with leading zeros padded to ten characters. The result is then appended by '.bak' at
27698: This line of Python script returns the result by multiplying an input number, "hour", with three times one hundred. It's essentially converting hours
27699: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27700: This script removes all leading and trailing whitespace from each string within the list "text". It does not modify any non-"string" elements of
27701: Opens the specified path to write into. Writes 'Line In File' on each line of text written using `with` statement and closes
27702: This function calculates the difference between two values, multiplies it by an array and adds another value. The result is then returned as output of your
27703: This Python script creates two lists of pressure values and finds the intersection between each pair from these arrays using an empty function to check if they are nonzero
27704: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called "refinement" to store the statistics of sequences as tuples with their counts from input data set
27705: This script is used to create two dictionaries with tasks and groups from the given data structure 'storage'. The first dictionary contains all unique ids of
27706: This line of Python function calculates the ratio between two given numbers. The first number is multiplied by 1/m, and then divided with
27707: This script removes the surfaces' face from those that have any of its vertex indices outside "index" list/set and prints out how many such removed
27708: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27709: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an
27710: This Python function takes in the format of "/day/monthsYear", splits it into day and month parts then rearranges them to "
27711: This Python function calculates the tension of an elastic material with given values in terms on its parameters and returns it as minimum between 6th power value
27712: This line of the script removes leading ' |' from each element in an array and splits it by "|  ", returning as output list with all
27713: This python script calculates the overlap between two boxes in an image processing context, given their coordinates and sizes as input parameters 'if' conditions are used
27714: This function calculates the shrunk factor based on step number and total steps. It uses an exponential decay to gradually reduce 'initial' shrinkage rate
27715: If the list of numbers is empty, return one. Otherwise multiply all elements in that array by their product recursively until there are no more items
27716: This function checks whether the input value `is` of type integer. If it's not then raises assertion error with appropriate message else returns that same
27717: This Python function checks if the string 'Unknown Command', '.','Syntax Error' and so on are present in any part of inputted text `S
27718: This function checks if the difference between two points is either one unit in any direction. If it's true then we know that they are moving diag
27719: Rod Frame with Angles. – Illusions of angle differences between the two angles are created by changing one's perspective on an object to make
27720: This Python script modifies the given list of strings by changing certain patterns. It checks each string' length, and if it is at least 4
27721: This python script counts the number of elements and their sum, then returns average as float value from that count/sum ratio calculation resultant output by '
27722: This is an implementation of the formula to calculate compound interest. It takes into account both present value and future values, with n being number years it will
27723: This Python function takes an input tuple of strings, converts each string to its integer equivalent and rounds the resultant integers off with round(). The final
27724: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the provided list. For each tuple it checks if 'tvalue' is already present as
27725: This Python function calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and stores them into another list called "answers". The length
27726: This Python script creates two sets from the input numbers and then iterates over each number of one Set to count its occurrences while also subtracting
27727: If the length of 'UnFormattedPK' is zero, return it. Else check whether ':', then slice off last character and finally else
27728: This function checks if every element of the first input is present as an item within another given 'list'.  It returns True only when each individual check
27729: This function checks whether an object has the attribute '_content' before returning its value. If not it returns None instead of throwing KeyError exception or causing
27730: This Python function prints the sum of two numbers, waits 3/4th second before returning it which is equivalent to sleep command in other languages
27731: If 'None' or an object that isn’t of type dictionary then return the same as it was before else convert and add "Meta" to
27732: This function calculates the volume of an object given its dimensions.  The result is returned as one line output in Python language using 'return'.
27733: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns minimum distance between two points on an XY plane. The coordinates are taken from 'map info
27734: This line of the given Python script is splitting an input string 'X' into parts using underscore ('_'). The second part will be returned.
27735: This function checks if the configuration has an ignore retentions key. If it does, and its value is true then returns "True", otherwise return
27736: This function checks if every element of the first list is less than or equal to its two subsequent elements, as well vice versa on second array.
27737: This Python script attempts to find the age of your Docker images by checking which image was first pushed and calculating how old that time is based on current
27738: This function calculates the distance between two points in degrees. The result is returned as an integer, with units of meters or kilometers depending on
27739: This Python function generates the list of unique bits from an input 'wav'e form by checking every second element starting with index [0]. If
27740: This line of the given Python script is splitting tap stream id by '-' and returning part after '_'.  It will be used to name all files
27741: Calculates the mean or arithmetic means, also known as averages in statistics and probability theory; it is used to calculate an estimate that represents central
27742: If the player is dead, return false; otherwise check time remaining and coins of current game state to determine whether or no further actions are needed based on
27743: This Python function calculates the RGB values of an object given its percentage value in relation to another one with maximum difference at most +/-3%. The
27744: This Python function converts the file extension to its corresponding MIME type, if it's an image then returns 'Image', and otherwise return application
27745: A dictionary comprehension that converts the 'units' dict into another format using switch case statement as an alternative to if/elif statements or
27746: Code is used to create an instance of the class 'MyClass' with parameters. The function returns None if no arguments are passed, otherwise it creates
27747: This Python script splits the input string into separate "camels" by splitting on any position where there is an upper case letter followed immediately after another
27748: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27749: This Python script reads the output of an external command and parses it into dictionaries with models as keys to field specifications using colons (" : ")
27750: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The result is returned as output, which can be used in further calculations or displayed to users using
27751: If the percentage is greater than or equal to seven hundred percent, return that value; otherwise check whether it's morethan fivehundredpercent and then
27752: If the length of 'str' is greater than 48 characters, return first five six and append an ellipsis. Else just returns
27753: This function flattens nested lists or tuples. It uses recursion to handle the nesting of elements and returns them as one long sequence
27754: This function prints the argument passed to it. It returns 'Return Value' as its return statement is missing in Python 3 syntax, but I added
27755: This Python script generates the string from an array of indices. It uses another character set to map these indexes into characters, and then concatenates them together
27756: This line of the Python script is returning half integer division by ten thousand. It's essentially dividing 'x', which should be an int,
27757: This function checks if two given strings are one edit away from being the same string. It does so by comparing each character of both inputted Strings
27758: This line of the function calculates and returns maximum distance between center point from image width. The box parameter is expected to be in format [x,
27759: This function calculates the gradient of an input parameter with respect to its learning rate. The formula is derived from backpropagation, where we take
27760: This line of Python script calculates and returns an estimate value based on user input parameters, p is pressure in kPa or bar; ‘t
27761: This Python function checks whether the input file name ends with ".NWK". If it does then returns true else false or raises an error message saying
27762: This Python function splits the input string into multiple parts based on commas or an integer value, depending upon whether it contains one of those characters and
27763: This Python function returns the elements of list 'a' that are present only within another given set/list, ie., those which do NOT exist
27764: This function takes an integer and checks if it is within the specified range. If not, adjusts its position to be in that valid area by taking
27765: This function checks if one string is the same as its reverse, ignoring case. It can be used to check palindromes in Python programming
27766: This Python function converts the string 'progres...'. If it ends with "eb", then returns an object containing every n epoch, else if
27767: This function calculates the number of frames in which an audio signal is divided. It takes into account duration, window length and Hop size parameters to calculate
27768: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to string, then returns its last character as it is. The length difference between n and idx
27769: This function returns the maximum of zero and minimum between two numbers. The first number is multiplied by 'value' which can be any real or integer
27770: This function checks if two strings are the same length and contain exactly one character that is different. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise
27771: This function maps read names to their corresponding sequences. It also keeps track of the type ('r' or 'n') associated with each sequence, which
27772: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
27773: This line of the given Python script converts an integer hardware id to uppercase.  It's used in various parts where we need strings with
27774: This line of the Python function returns two values, which are both maximum and minimum limits. The first value is -1 times larger than what'd
27775: This line of the Python function calculates and returns how much an object is offset from its original position in relation to another, given two objects' positions
27776: This line of the given C++ program checks if an integer is set in binary representation.  It does so by performing AND operation with shifted left operator
27777: This function takes in the name of an individual and returns their first initials as all lowecase with hyphen.  For example if input is
27778: This line of the Python script is returning an object from dictionary. The key '{...}' represents some integer value and its corresponding list in another dict
27779: This Python function calculates the result of mathematical operation based on given 'operator' and two numbers. It uses if, elif statements to check which type
27780: This Python function takes two lists of dictionaries as input and returns the parameters from second dictionary that are not present within first. It uses lambda functions
27781: This Python function calculates the value of 'i' after moving along with an initial position, and if at zero it returns another specific number.
27782: Check the version of CDP. If it's none then return default values and exit function else check whether its type matches with string otherwise raise an
27783: This function checks if the input symbol "sym" starts with 'parameter' prefix or not using Python built in functions like `isinstanc`e
27784: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in space, represented by their coordinates as tuples circle_{
27785: If the number is less than or equal to one, it returns '1'. This condition checks whether an inputted value of `n` should be
27786: This Python function finds all the prime numbers up to an inputted integer by using trial division method and storing them in list format as output of program,
27787: This line of the function checks if there are any keys in bag ‘b’ that do not exist as key values within 'a' and returns
27788: If the string 's' is equal to “ N / A,” then return. This line of Python script checks whether or not an input
27789: Checks whether the 'transaction' variable has been assigned to an instance of string data type that starts with "loc_pid". If so it returns
27790: This Python function checks the 'Rank' of an object and returns different strings based on its position in relation to other objects. If it is tied
27791: This Python function takes five parameters and returns their sum.  The names of the variables used in comments are also included to explain what each variable represents,
27792: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by 4 plus one. The multiplication is done with Python's built in 'number'. It
27793: Check whether two equations are equal. If so, return 'Yes', otherwise - no answer is returned in Python language 3 Code Example : x =
27794: This function checks if the current player has won by checking whether they have three of their pieces in one row, column ,or diagonal.  It does
27795: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then splits the input string into individual "Words", converts each to lowercase and counts how many
27796: A Python function that converts Roman numerals to integers. It uses the builtin dictionary of roman numeral values in descending order as well an
27797: This line of Python script splits the string 's' into individual elements based on spaces, returning them as list in one go using split().
27798: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an object in 3D space. The result is rounded to nearest whole number as per problem
27799: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns True if the second number is completely composed of distinct digits from first one. If it's
27800: This Python function converts the given string to lowercase if it is 'optimial', returns zero, five or hundred respectively based on its value in
27801: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using mathematical constants and functions, which is equivalent to solving equation with given values in terms or variables only
27802: This python script calculates the mean of each column and returns these means as tuples – one per row from input matrix 'x'. The
27803: This Python script reads lines from the file and stores them in an empty list called "dbList". If there is any error during reading or processing of
27804: If the first part of input is equal to 'completed', then it returns true. Otherwise, if not completed yet and length equals with incom
27805: This function converts binary string to decimal. It takes in one parameter, the input 's' which is assumed as an integer represented by its corresponding
27806: If the given Boolean is True, set $NAME to 'ONE' otherwise it will be turned off.  Cacheable and commented with provided string
27807: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
27808: This Python function calculates the difference between squares of first n natural numbers and their cumulative sums. It takes an integer as input, 'n',
27809: This function rounds the given 'Price' by specified number of decimal places using exponential notation and then returns it back in its original form after dividing again
27810: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
27811: This program converts the given degree into its corresponding cardinal direction. The range of input and output is defined by specific conditions in an 'else' block
27812: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements after "_" symbol. The function takes an element list and returns their numerical value as integer if it
27813: If the number is zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise nothing happens. This function does not do anything with input and always outputs "zero". It
27814: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation involves multiplying two values together with some percentage points in between which are then
27815: This function performs bitwise operations on the input 'int' variable. The operation is performed as follows, firstly it shifts left by one eighth
27816: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements at each index multiplied by their corresponding element's value. The result is returned as 'position
27817: This function returns the color based on value. If 'val' is greater than 4, it will return Red; else when less or equal to
27818: This Python script generates the desired output by using list comprehension to iteratively process each item of 'data' and extracting specific elements from it.
27819: A function that creates and returns an empty dictionary with the specified keys. The values of these key are set to None initially, but can be filled later
27820: This function is used to calculate the value of an equation based on certain conditions. If Beta equals zero, it returns 'zero'. Else when
27821: If the file stem provided, return it as filename; otherwise default to 'Protien' followed by '-protines'.txt', which means proteins
27822: This Python script filters out the keys with empty values from given dictionary 'dict'.  It does so by using comprehension to iteratively create new key
27823: This line of Python script calculates the rounded quality score. The formula is ((Quality/3)/4)-6 where Quality represents an integer value
27824: This Python function calculates the number of combinations when given an input size and "combinationsize". If 'Combine' is called with more
27825: This function checks if the model has been distributed across multiple GPUs or not by iterating over all keys of `state dict` and checking whether they
27826: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of tuples. If it encounters already existing keys with higher weights than
27827: This function takes an input of either string or iterable object and replaces all occurrences with the provided argument within each element/item from given
27828: This line of Python is returning the bitwise NOT operation on s and its AND with one. The result will be -(-(abs((x +
27829: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
27830: This Python script calculates the average change between each state's importance and its previous one. The result is an array of changes that can be used
27831: This Python script creates an output list by checking each element of 'mylist' and only appends it to the new "output" if that value
27832: This function splits the input string into three sections separated by hyphens, and then reassembles them in reverse order with another two segments removed at
27833: This Python script converts the input text to ANSI escape codes. The function takes an argument 'Color' and returns its corresponding colored output string
27834: If the variable "only_from" does not exist, it returns true; otherwise return whether or no there are any items within 'pam'
27835: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same output, but with each word separated by spaces instead – similar to how it would
27836: This function calculates the total number of likes and retweets in each TWEET. It multiplies both by two to account that every time
27837: This function checks if the given number is within range of an integer. The size parameter determines how many bits to use in determining whether or not it'
27838: A function that returns the status and some sample JSON object. This is used to test if our server works properly or not by returning an expected response from
27839: This function takes in an array of strings and returns them joined by newline characters.  The result is then printed to the console using print().
27840: This function checks whether the URL starts with either 'HTTP', ‘HTTPS' OR `FTP`, and returns it in one of
27841: This function checks if the first value in one list is greater than or equal to second, then it also ensures that last element of two lists are less
27842: This function converts the input string to lowercase and returns an appropriate name based on its value, or prints out that it's not known if
27843: This function returns the path of imports in Python' First module.  It is used to get all paths from imported modules and then it will select
27844: This script creates n dictionaries, each with the same keys and corresponding to different items from an input dictionary'dictionary of lists/dictionaries by
27845: If the input value isn't of type 'int', it raises and handles exception. Otherwise returns length/size in binary format minus two as string
27846: This Python function converts all elements of the input list to floats, if possible. If an element cannot be converted into one it is replaced with
27847: Code checks if the given string is exactly 8 characters long. If it's not, returns False; otherwise True or None depending on whether all
27848: This Python function takes an input list of numbers, and returns the same elements from that array but with at most 'max' occurrences per number
27849: This line of the program reads an input file and outputs its contents. The output is in uppercase letters, with each word's first letter capital
27850: If no argument provided it returns "None" – checks type before proceeding with other conditions; otherwise return as entered - handles different types like String/
27851: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
27852: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on given parameters. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it's not very complex to
27853: This line of the script tries to get 'file' object attribute named "softspace". If it fails, ie., if there is no such
27854: This Python function splits the input string 's' into two parts at each non alphabetic character using regular expression and returns second part of
27855: If x's class or its parent classes have the same method, then it returns True; otherwise return false based on whether there are one argument in
27856: If the variable 'mat' does not exist, return "None".  This line checks to see whether or no there exists an object named ```
27857: This function calculates the density of an object in terms its mass, given some other parameters. The formula is derived from molecular dynamics simulations and it'
27858: If the 'mode' is "DA", it subtracts, otherwise divides by second mass. The result will be in microg/ml
27859: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse and format dates in the 'yy/mm/dd' style, replacing any spaces with no space using replace
27860: This function calculates the weighted average of two weights. The formula used is "weighted_average = weightA*valueX/totalWeight
27861: This Python function returns an empty dictionary with no values assigned to keys.  It's used as the initial state of job search data when it is
27862: This program calculates the average number of reads per base covered by an organism. It takes into account both its abundance and length, as well it
27863: This Python function takes in an input string s and returns the reverse complement of that sequence using base pairings defined by dictionary "base pairs". The map
27864: This function checks whether the input `X` can be iterated over. If it's an instance of either 'list', ‘tuple
27865: This Python function calculates the value of 'H' based on two input parameters, RE and ‘Z’. The formula used is as follows
27866: This function returns the time in minutes. It takes two parameters, 'deg' and it multiplies them together to get an answer of how long is
27867: This line of the script takes an string, splits it into individual elements based on commas and stores them in 'time' list variable using Python
27868: If the first list is empty then return second one. Else check whether both lists are equal and in that case returns their unions; otherwise it
27869: Increments the variable 'value' by one. The result is returned as output of function/method in Python programming language, which can be used elsewhere
27870: This function takes an integer and returns the value of “val” at position "bitNumber". The operation is performed using binary shift left. If
27871: This function takes in the filename, and returns it with all occurrences of ' S - label' replaced by an empty string "" – without
27872: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from 3 to 'n' using an iterative approach. The result is returned as output by
27873: This Python function calculates the value of Gamma in relation to TCD and EUD, returning an inverse relationship between them as per equation provided by
27874: This line of Python script copies the "data" DataFrame and stores its original id column in old\_ids list before deleting it from 'Data'
27875: This Python script uses bitwise shift to calculate the factorial of an input number. It starts with initializing 'x' and setting it equal zero
27876: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of strings, where each string is split into two parts using '
27877: Finds the first non whitespace character in string.  If no such chars exist, it returns -1; else return index of that space
27878: This function checks whether the given string is either an assignment operator, less than sign ("<>") OR greater thaan symbol. If not it returns
27879: This function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it's not possible or if its value is out of range then returns False;
27880: Checks the first 7 characters of string `s` to see whether it is an RGB hexadecimal value, and returns true only when
27881: A list of interface objects with properties 'Type', ‘Main’,'UseIP','Ip' ,`DNS ', and `Port'.
27882: This Python script returns the values of "Alert", “Mrs. Improved”, 'Children',‘ Mrs Sim Config’ and' Process
27883: If the 'context' variable in function call isn’t provided, it defaults to “jwst_op”. Otherwise returns that value
27884: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the count of each unique item from 'data'. The result is then printed out to console
27885: This Python function updates the labels of an object list by extending or appending to 'list' based on its value and returns it as output which is
27886: This function toggles between two states when it encounters double quotes or single quotations. It returns the current state of `'`and  `"
27887: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
27888: If there are no blocks, return false. Otherwise check the y value of each one and keep track how many times it repeats – after reaching
27889: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'key' with an underscore character (_).  It is used to convert
27890: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27891: This Python function checks whether the input list 'l' contains tuples. If it does not contain any then returns an empty array else filters out
27892: This line of Python script calculates the RA in hours, minutes and seconds from hourly values stored within "RA" dictionary objects inside another list called
27893: Checks if either player's health points are less than or equal to zero. If so, returns true; otherwise false – Code: left
27894: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27895: This Python function checks the value of 'v' and returns different values based on its conditions. If it equals to zero, then return eight; otherwise
27896: This function rounds the input number to its nearest whole integer. The result is then formatted as 'X fold/coordinates'.  For example,
27897: This function checks whether the sum of two masses is less than 867. If either one mass exceeds its maximum limit, it returns false;
27898: This Python function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the same number repeated twice in reversed order, or return empty list when no elements are
27899: This function takes an object as input and returns the number of parameters it has, or None otherwise."  [END]  ```python`c =
27900: If the dictionary is empty, return its value. Else call function 'getVal' with first key and rest of list as arguments to recursively
27901: 返回一个字典，其中包含值、类型（如"int", 'float'等),单位和算法的信息。
27902: This Python script uses list comprehension to create the 'members' variable, which is then used as input by another function that sorts names based on their
27903: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to its string representation.  It does so by converting n into str and then returning it as
27904: This Python function takes an input matrix 'X' and returns the sum of each element with some constant "value". The result is another 1D
27905: This Python function takes as input an iterable of lists, and returns the same output but with each list being converted to its unique elements sorted by their
27906: This Python function checks whether the given variable is present as an environment or locally defined. If it's found, returns its corresponding values; otherwise raises
27907: If the input "Value" isn't an integer nor floating point number then it raises and throws error. Otherwise return that Value as output of function
27908: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one with maximum
27909: This Python function uses bitwise operations to manipulate the bits of an integer. The input is expected as list 'p' and it returns one number
27910: This function calculates the ratio of two quantities, 'q' and their sum. The result is then normalized to be between 0 &amp;
27911: This Python function splits the input text into individual 'words' using whitespace as delimiter. The result is then joined back together with spaces
27912: Removing line breaks and carriage returns from the string.  If it's not empty or contains any non-"\t", then proceed with processing
27913: This line of the Python script checks whether 'progress' is less than 0 or greater than its maximum value, and adjusts it to be within
27914: This Python function calculates the SRM based on Lovi's Bond value and returns it as output of 'return'. The formula used is
27915: This Python function converts all uppercase letters to lower case and returns false if the string is one of certain values, otherwise it will return true as
27916: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to m, inclusive. The formula used is derived by applying mathematical principles and it's based
27917: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, then capitalizes first letters of each token if its length is more than 4 characters and
27918: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using string methods and list comprehension instead to achieve it
27919: This Python function calculates the heat capacity of water at constant pressure and volume using an exponential relationship between specific gas constants, given that it's in
27920: If the document contains no terms, it returns zero as its score because there are not enough information to calculate any meaningful scores in such cases like 'no
27921: This Python function calculates the frequency of two peaks in an audio signal. The first and second arguments are arrays representing different signals or waves to be compared
27922: This Python script calculates the percentage of bases A and C from an input sequence. It uses dictionaries to count each type'd occurrence within that
27923: This Python function calculates the cubic equation “(8*y^6 - y ^7 + z )”. It takes three parameters,
27924: This function checks if there are elements of 'ic' that appear either as the first element, last one and also present both ways. It does so
27925: If the number 'n' is less than or equal to zero, it returns Zero. Otherwise continue with calculation of factorial using recursion method
27926: This function checks if the value of 's' dictionary key named assemblies is equal to Primary Assemby.  It returns True or False
27927: This function calculates the maximum possible distance between two intervals. The interval is defined by start and end points in an array or list of integers respectively [
27928: If both 's1' &amp;ndash;&gt;" "and&nbsp"not_blank(s3)" are empty, return
27929: This Python script splits the input ";" separated strings into list items and prints them out, then returns that resulting List of Strings as output to
27930: This Python script calculates the matrix multiplication of two matrices. The numbering starts from zero and uses modulo operation to prevent overflows when dealing with
27931: This function returns the URL to an OAuth 1 authentication page in Live ID using Xbox live credentials, with optional parameters like offline access and state included
27932: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such ones, it will only consider first 10 characters to
27933: This python function is an infinite loop that keeps doubling the value of 'border' until it becomes less than or equal to 0. The result
27934: This function returns the name of file to be created in model directory based on given parameters, with .gzip extension appended if it's text
27935: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
27936: This Python script checks if the three given points are intersecting. If they do, it returns True; otherwise false is returned and an error message displays
27937: This function returns the string "name-" followed by 'library' in Python.  It is used to create library names from user inputted strings,
27938: Raise an error if the field's size is not within 8 bits. The number of fields should fit into one byte and thus it can
27939: 根据数据库方言（如SQL Server、PostgreSQL或MySql等，这里假设为MSSQL/Turbo
27940: If the lengths of two strings are not equal then return false. Otherwise compare and count how many times each character in both string appears consecutively or altern
27941: This script creates an empty array of the same length as input, then fills it with BACT values from each dictionary entry. The final output is returned
27942: This Python script creates an empty dictionary. It then iterates over the input 'tag' which should be assumed to contain key/value pairs where keys
27943: This Python function splits the input string of nodes by commas and generates an array based on whether each entry is within or outside ranges defined with "-
27944: This function takes in one string and returns the same input.  It's just an example of how to define functions with multiple lines if needed,
27945: This function converts the input key to its corresponding value in an object. It uses Python's builtin functions like 'upper()', and returns
27946: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over two nested lists of the same length using indices to add corresponding elements from each sublist into
27947: Checks the frequency of two frequencies and returns whether they are equal or one is 'A' but not both.  If none match, it will
27948: This function returns zero when the input is greater than or equal to four hundred, three fifty and so on. It also handles other cases where it'
27949: This function checks if an object's second type in the list of types matches either 'DateTime', ‘Time’ etc., using Python builtin
27950: If the length of 'lst' is less than two, it returns zero as mean and standard deviation are undefined because there aren’t enough data
27951: This function calculates the squared difference between two points and sums them up. The length of both lists should be equal, otherwise it will raise an
27952: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If it's less than one, returns 'One'. Else return "The result
27953: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest one in terms length, or None if there are no elements present within it."
27954: This function returns the string 'wi-forecast-io' followed by an input parameter, which is assumed to be weather icons.  The output
27955: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The parameters are given in three variables, and it returns one number as output which is calculated based
27956: This line of the function calculates an integer value from two binary strings. The first string is used to calculate 4 bits, and then these four
27957: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'chunk' of positions with underscores (_). For each chunk it spl
27958: A Python function that creates and returns an object with the properties of key store. The 'property' is set to be created in KeyStore or not
27959: This Python script creates two sets from the input lists 'set's and then finds their intersection which is stored as another list of unique elements present only
27960: This function checks if every element in the iterables is true. If not, it returns False; otherwise True – one liner version of Python
27961: This function translates strings or lists of string items using the provided translation dictionary 'trans'. If an object isn't recognized as either type it returns
27962: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
27963: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
27964: This function checks if the user's browser or operating system is one of two specific desktop applications, "hb/zd".  It does
27965: This line of Python script returns the title and author's name from an input dictionary.  The output is in string format with no additional information or
27966: This line of the given Python script returns an element from list 'l' that has minimum value after applying function f to each item in it. The
27967: This Python function returns the list of index positions where an element is found within another sequence/list using enumeration and conditional statement to find matching elements from
27968: A script that generates an average of the specified attribute in different years within one dataset based on its long name using Python's format method with multiple place
27969: This Python script is used to create an empty list, then it iterates over each variable and appends the values of that variabl eexcepted
27970: This Python script reads an input string, splits it into multiple 'line' strings and processes each one to extract key/values pairs from the format
27971: This script loops through the teams of each player and checks if they have both 'scores' & their totality. If either is missing, it
27972: Checks if two vectors are equal. If not, returns false and true otherwise it will return the first index at which they differ or - “
27973: This line of the Python script checks if 'node' has any value and is one among specified values.  It returns True or False accordingly based on
27974: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'patterns' which is expected to be another sequence of sites ('site
27975: This Python script calculates the ratio of each experiment time to its corresponding base line and stores them into 'result' list which is then returned by function
27976: This function returns the URL to fetch liked tweets of given user using Twitter API v13 endpoint "Users - Show User with ID".  The
27977: This Python function calculates the difference between preferred and orthogonal responses to an event. The result is then rounded off with three decimal places using built in python
27978: This script is used to get the base file of an inputted path, and if it ends with '.jl', removes ' . jl'.
27979: Code is setting parameters based on the last digit of an integer. The operation to be performed depends upon these parameter values and returns them along with other information
27980: If the length of dbent_one's second element in its third list is greater than that from another database, return '1'. Else
27981: This program defines an array of strings that map numbers to their word equivalents. It then takes in user input and returns the corresponding string from its mapped
27982: If the sequence is of length 1, return "singular", else it's in its plurality form. This function takes as input
27983: If the object "has attribute" properties", return them; otherwise just returns itself as it is – one line pythonic way to handle cases where
27984: This Python script calculates the length of tau, creates an array status with zeros up to one less than its size and initializes three other
27985: This function calculates the position of an object in relation to another by taking into account some space between them. The variables 'space' and their values
27986: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the results of creating ranges within specified parameters i to ∞ using step size 'n
27987: If the input strings are not provided, return them as they were. Otherwise concatenates and returns with '.' in between their values – e..
27988: Returns the processed inputs and their corresponding attention mask along with another set of ids.  The two sets are used to train different models on similar data
27989: This Python function checks whether the input `X` can be considered as either True or False based on its data types and values respectively; otherwise it raises
27990: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
27991: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
27992: This script splits the given string into an array of its components, removes one last element and then joins them back together with "/" as separator
27993: If the length of 'Zipcode' is 1, return it as string. Else check its value and repeat pattern accordingly until reaching one
27994: This script is used to extract the names of capabilities from an incoming request's 'payload'. It then joins these into one string, separated by
27995: This line of the given Python script splits an input string 'topic' into three parts using '/', and then returns third part from that list,
27996: This Python script creates an image name by combining the given 'prefix' and splitting '/', '-'. The result is then replaced with dashes, replacing
27997: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of dictionaries. For each unique MD5 hash, it adds to or append
27998: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number padded with zeros to ensure it's always 3 digits
27999: "A function that returns the length of an input string plus one"  Code explanation and usage example.  ```python    def get_length():
28000: This function checks if every item is of type 'float' using the builtin Python method "all" and generator expression. It returns True only when
28001: This line of the Python script multiplies an input value by one thousandth, then raises it to half power and returns result which is ten times higher
28002: This Python function returns the square root of –(−4). The result is an approximate value, which may not be accurate due to floating point
28003: This line of Python function returns the reciprocal or inverse value. The input is 'f' and it subtracts one from its result,
28004: This line of the Python script calculates if an absolute difference between target and given numbers is within or at most 'distance'. If it's true
28005: This Python function splits the input string by "-" and returns only first part of it, if any exception occurs then return "0".  It
28006: This Python script cleans the string by replacing certain special characters with nothing, effectively removing them from it using regex in python language 3+ . The new
28007: This Python script creates an empty “matrix” of given rows and columns. The elements are all initialized to zeroes, or "None" if
28008: This Python function sorts two numbers and then calculates the value of one number based on another using some mathematical operations in an efficient way that takes advantage to
28009: This Python script checks the first few lines of an input file to see whether they contain any special characters that could potentially cause syntax errors or unexpected behavior,
28010: This function counts the number of objects that are part or "orbital" to another object. It uses recursion and depth first search approach on an
28011: If the length of 'X' is greater or equal to ‘l’ then raise an error stating that "The input value X should have more
28012: This Python function returns the first three digits of an integer date. The order is year(s), month and day respectively in descending format from
28013: This Python function takes an integer representing time in sec and returns the equivalent of that duration as string. The format is 'X m Y s' where
28014: This Python function calculates the dot product of two sets. It takes as input both lists and returns an integer representing their correlation coefficient, which is calculated
28015: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
28016: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
28017: If the value of 'settlement' is less than very small number, it sets its variance to zero; otherwise calculates and returns an estimate based
28018: This function returns the service and action name in string format.  It's used to identify which specific operation is being performed by calling it from another
28019: Sorts the array and finds minimum difference between consecutive elements of sorted list using Python's builtin sort function with O((n log n)*
28020: This Python script generates the length of each tuple and sorts them based on their lengths. The original sequence is then permuted according to these calculated values using
28021: This Python script calculates the total number of bounce attempts and complaints made by each user. It also counts delivery rejections as well which is not
28022: This line of the Python script joins two strings together and appends '.CSV' to it which is then used as part filename in an operation that
28023: If both 'None' are not provided, return default message. Else check which one isn’t null; else show error or warning depending on
28024: This script tries to dynamically load modules based on the first character of their names, and returns an argument from those loaded module(s). If none
28025: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value in each subarray. The result is also returned as two separate
28026: This Python script includes all unique "-includes" from the given input into an output array, ignoring duplicates and sorting them alphabetically as
28027: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'data' that have nonempty names using lambda function and filter method in python programming
28028: This Python script splits the first occurrence of "(", and returns two values - 'm' which is everything before it in string format &
28029: This function calculates the midpoint of two points. The input is given as tuples with x and 	and/or Y coordinates in
28030: This line of the program converts an integer to hexadecimal and pads it with zeros if necessary until its length is two characters long using
28031: This function checks if the first number is greater than both, then it returns that value. If not all conditions are met - else check second condition;
28032: This script checks whether the input string is in URL format using regular expression matching with Python's builtin module 're'.  It also uses "
28033: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same reversal of that. It does not use any built in functions or libraries, only basic operations
28034: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28035: This line of the script sorts an array in ascending order based on atom labels from ":" separated string using Python's lambda function and returns
28036: This line of Python script checks whether an element is present as key 'item' within dictionary. If it exists, then deletes that particular entry from
28037: This simple Python program prints "Hello World!" to the console. The return statement is not used in these types of programs as they are standalone statements
28038: This Python function checks whether the first element of an input object ```is``` either string type with underscore ("_)"" at its beginning. If
28039: This is an equation that calculates the mean of two numbers, subtracts one from another and then multiplies by some constant. The result will
28040: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28041: This function returns True if the argument is equal to 'arg', else it will raise an exception. 10/3 = ~4,6
28042: This Python function takes an input list of numbers, removes duplicates from it and returns the sorted version as output – one line solution using set data
28043: Returns the value of "isboostactive" in dictionary 'zone'. If it exists, returns its current state. Otherwise -1 is returned as default
28044: This Python function increments the 'years' variable by one and adjusts its value to be within range of months. It also handles cases where it
28045: This function checks if the variable var exists in dictionary 'binding' and returns its value or replaces it with another one depending on whether they are equal
28046: This line of the Python script checks if an object's bitmap has unmapping flags. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or
28047: This line of the given Python function returns three values from an input color represented as four bytes. The first value is obtained by shifting right one byte and
28048: Returns the severitiy of layer 'layers' at indexed by "index".  This is done using Python. The function takes an integer as
28049: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty list. It's doing some conditional checks on 'board', and only adding to that new
28050: This function takes in three parameters - p(player),me(),you() which are the players' states; if 'pending=="Double"' then
28051: This Python function compares two lists and returns the number of elements that are different. If they have unequal lengths it calculates how many extra items
28052: Returns the number of characters in string s that are preceded by an escape sequence. If "\\" is found at beginning then it returns zero else
28053: Checks if the given string is in hexadecimal format.  It does so by checking whether it matches regex pattern of valid UUIDs,
28054: This function is used to get the value of an attribute from its id. It iterates over all attributes and returns their values when it finds one with
28055: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28056: This Python function splits the string "s" into three parts using "-", and then returns these as separate variables gi(ID), range of
28057: This Python script filters out the None values from list 'names' and then joins them with underscores. The result is returned as one line string
28058: This function checks if the given object is hidden or visible and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition, otherwise it will return false indicating an error
28059: This script checks the first word of each line in an input file to determine what kind …. [TRUNCATED]... and then returns
28060: This script is used to ban certain tags from the text, which are not useful or relevant and can cause issues with data analysis later on when these values
28061: This function returns the query id, document ID and rank in one line.  It also includes run identifier as part of output string which is not shown
28062: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28063: Copies the values of dictionary 'b' into another new dictonary named "c" and returns it as result, using keys from first original
28064: This Python script compares two reports and returns whether they have equal hit counts. If so, it assigns 'Yes' to diff['eqH
28065: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the given string of comma separated labels, splitting them into key/value pairs
28066: This function calculates the maximum number of shifts needed to stack elements in an array. It takes into account both possible rotations and duplication as well
28067: This Python function generates the string representation of polygon coordinates from ternary tuple input. The output is formatted as POLYGONG with brackets
28068: This Python script calculates the number of pages needed to display all records in total. It uses 'ceil' function which rounds up an integer value,
28069: If the keyword argument "SSL" exists, it converts its value to lower case.  Otherwise returns default configuration settings as defined by function parameters or
28070: This Python script replaces special characters with their HTML entities, and then converts newlines to the appropriate formatting in an html file using '&#
28071: This function compares the SHA hashes of two sets, returning True if they are equal and False otherwise - it's used to check whether
28072: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'a == to_be checked', then
28073: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
28074: This Python script calculates the middle price of two bidding and asking prices. The first step is to access both "prices". Then, it
28075: This function checks if the input is "name" and returns True or False. It's used to identify whether an object has been registered as '
28076: This Python script calculates the value of an equation using iteration. The while loop continues until it finds that there is no more iterations left, and then
28077: Loops through the list of excluded types and removes them from dataframe. Code is used to filter out unwanted rows based on type column value,
28078: This Python script splits the string 's' into an array of substrings using '_', then capitalizes each substring and joins them back together
28079: This line of the C program calculates and returns 'c' after subtracting its remainder when divided by number stored in variable "b". The result
28080: This function logs an info message with the connection close event.  The timestamp is included in it and also includes some additional information about who initiated that
28081: This function checks if the difference between corresponding elements of two lists is within an acceptable range. The list lengths should be equal and each element's comparison
28082: This function takes as input the name of an attribute to be extracted from each dictionary within 'lst' and returns that value, or none is found
28083: This Python script generates the transpose of an input matrix. It creates empty lists with length equal to number rows and then fills them by iterating over
28084: If the array is greater than one, return '1', else just output or print out whatever value of `arr` it has. This will be
28085: If the string 'p' is found within another dictionary, it copies that dict and adds an entry to times with its value as only element of list
28086: This Python function checks whether the provided Latitute is within valid ranges. If it's not, then an error message will be raised with "lat
28087: This script counts the number of positive and negative numbers from an input list.  The count is then printed out to standard output using print() function,
28088: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many times 3 can be multiplied to get x, without using
28089: This line of the given Python script adds two strings together. The first string is "target", and then another one, which will be generated by concaten
28090: If the value of 'Metadata' field does nothing, return none; else remove any special characters and spaces from it to make sure its length doesn’
28091: This line of the function checks if 'n' is evenly divided by ‘div’. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
28092: This Python function parses the given URL parameters and returns two values based on them - maximum value of "size". If no such parameter exists it will
28093: This Python function calculates the coordinates of four corners in an equilateral triangle given its length. The sides are calculated as per standard mathematical formulas and
28094: This Python function splits the input string by an underscore character and returns two parts of it, which are second word in split array "str"
28095: This line of Python script converts the hexadecimal number to binary. The int() function is used with base=16 in order convert
28096: Code snippet that calculates the color difference between two colors. The result is stored in variable 'diff'. (cs, "red
28097: This function calculates the equation y = 4x^2 + 4.671890e+xx where 'xxx' is an
28098: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28099: This Python function takes an input list 'P' and divides each element by the corresponding value from another array, called "D", to create new
28100: This function is used to find the latest Swift version from command line arguments. It checks if any -switch argument starts with '-' swift, then it
28101: If target and test tups are not equal, raise an error.  Otherwise calculate Hammings Distance using formula n = sum((p_
28102: If the number is less than one, return zero. Otherwise calculate and then multiply by an expression that includes subtraction of 'n' from two
28103: Parses the string to float. Replaces non numeric characters with an empty space and then parses it as Float 10 base
28104: This Python script creates an array of indices based on the coordinates x and Y. The function uses 'for' loop to iteratively calculate each level’
28105: This Python function generates data to be used with Plotly's line plotting functionality by creating dictionaries that represent each point on the graph and
28106: If the given 'condition' is True, it returns "true message". Otherwise -> Returns False Message.  [Solution] Code : `
28107: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the provided 'headers' and appends their type to it using "Type()". It
28108: This Python function calculates the checksum using bitwise operations. The input is an array of integers, and it returns one integer value which represents sum
28109: This Python function takes the DNS server and port from an object of type "zone" as input parameters; it splits these values into their respective components
28110: This Python script is used to split the given string into an array of key/value pairs using '/' as delimiter and strip leading or tra
28111: This function calculates the variance of data points by adding to an initial value, then subtracting and dividing it with number os observations. The result
28112: Creates and returns dictionary with given parameters.  Code is simple, straightforward but effective in creating an object to be used later on as it does not
28113: This line of the script converts all input variables to floats. It's important because it ensures that any numerical values entered by users are treated
28114: This script converts the input strings to lists, then compares them. If they are equal in length and contain identical elements at corresponding positions ->
28115: This Python script attempts to generate the URL string using variables 'str' and exception handling, if an error occurs it raises another type of exceptions with specific
28116: This function checks if the given string is present within any of several possible titles related to an election.  It does so using Python's "in
28117: This Python function calculates the human eye's perceived brightness level based on RGB color values, given by '(red value)' and ('green')
28118: This Python function calculates the temperature in degrees Celsius from an analog input value and returns it along with its unit of measurement ("°c").
28119: This function copies the input list of storages and then resizes each storage to fit within 'maximum number' points by truncating or padding
28120: If voltage is greater than or equal to the threshold, return zero; otherwise calculate and output power consumption in watts per square meter of an electrical system
28121: This line of Python script pauses the execution 1/4 second, then adds up three numbers and returns their summation resultant value which is
28122: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'n==1', it returns ‘
28123: This function calculates the profit from an arbitrage opportunity. It sums up all percentages, and if it's less than 1%, then
28124: This line of Python script is creating an object named referenceProtemies with the value as diamond and then joining it to another string using join()
28125: This Python function converts the input string to snake case, then replaces hyphens with nothing and capitalizes first letter of each word except possibly
28126: This line of the given Python script removes leading slashes from 'Path' variable. It keeps only nonempty parts, ie., it ignores
28127: This is an implementation of the "Rabbits and Recurrence" problem, which involves creating populations based on recurring patterns. The pattern repe
28128: This function returns the string 'state' is equal to, or not. If it equals “true” then return OUTPUT_ONE else output
28129: This Python script converts all the phrases to lowercase and checks whether they are present within another list of keywords or not, returning only those that match
28130: Checks whether the given number is 3 in length. If it's not, returns false and stops execution of function/code block; otherwise
28131: This Python function generates an API documentation dictionary based on the provided parameters. The input includes 'if' condition to check if there are any required fields,
28132: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return nothing; otherwise replace underscores with spaces and capitalize first letter of each word in
28133: This Python function converts two numbers to strings, adds them together as integers and then returns the result.  It is similar in functionality with "add
28134: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28135: This function takes two arguments x and y. It returns the tuple of values(a new value is created by adding 1 to 'y') after
28136: This Python function generates an empty list and then populates it with the indices of all classes except one specified by 'class' parameter, which is returned
28137: Checks whether the GPS coordinates of two objects are identical. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned based on comparison between their lat
28138: This function takes an RGB color as input and returns the grayscale equivalent of that given in percentage by multiplying it with ‘len’ value
28139: Create an empty dictionary. Results is used to store the results of different calculations or operations on data, which can be accessed later using keys like 'a
28140: This Python script generates two SQL queries based on the input keyword. The first query is to find rows in 'watchlist' where SoundEx of entity
28141: This function joins the elements of path with '/' and returns it as string.  It is used to create file paths in Python programming language using list
28142: Returns true if the person is of legal age and not on break. If either condition fails, it returns false; otherwise -> True or False based
28143: This Python function takes an input list, checks each element against all other elements and replaces the matching one with ‘zero’. The final output
28144: This function checks whether the input string can be converted to boolean or not and returns it as Boolean value in Python language based on its content; otherwise raises
28145: This function takes two tuples as input and returns their product. The first tuple contains the numerator(num_val[0]) of one
28146: This line of the given Python script checks if "text" starts with 'GCA' and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which
28147: This line of the Python script returns all issues from 'new' list that are present only on "old" or unmodified. It does so
28148: If the job description does not exist, return false; otherwise check secondary status transitions and compare last message with new one from second step of process to determine
28149: This line of the given Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns it to "keywords" with key as 'kwarg' which is then
28150: If the input is 'permission', return an empty dictionary. Otherwise, create and returns another object with property id set to value of `permissions`
28151: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and adds them up. The result is then returned as an integer
28152: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the rest part after removing metadata. It also calculates how many meta data points it has
28153: A function that maps question ids to their corresponding position within the list of questions, and vice versa using Python dictionary data structure – one l
28154: This function checks if the string contains any lowercase letters. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned by using Python lambda and
28155: This Python script calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is returned as an array with four elements in order to match vector dimensions if needed
28156: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It keeps replacing 'max' with its own value until it finds that
28157: This line of Python script converts the given string into dictionary format where keys are macro names and values represent their corresponding definitions, using "macro"
28158: This function calculates the number of photons by multiplying given photon count with its corresponding quantity. The result is then rounded to two decimal places using Python
28159: This Python function calculates the result of an operation based on two parameters. The first parameter is subtracted from another and then multiplied by all numbers
28160: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
28161: This function checks if two lists are equal. It does so by comparing the elements of both sequences at corresponding positions and returns True only when they match up
28162: This Python function attempts to load JSON from the request body and then extract username/ password / refresh token if they exist in that loaded data else it returns
28163: This Python function counts the number of characters that differ between two strings. It uses an enumeration to iteratively go through each character and compare them with
28164: This Python script checks the bibcodes to see whether they match or not. If there's no matching BIBCODE it returns 'miss
28165: This Python function takes in an input String, and returns the uppercased version of its initial character. If there is no such characther it
28166: This function takes in the string representation of coordinates and returns its numerical value as floating point number, stripping off any leading/trailing whitespace or
28167: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28168: This Python script creates an empty list and dictionary, then iterates over each string of the input file separated by commas using split() function to extract
28169: A Python dictionary is created to represent the state of an ongoing tic Tac Toe match with players and their respective boards/matrices representing current
28170: This function returns the numerical value of an alphabetical letter in English. The letters are mapped to numbers as follows; Stubs -> 6th
28171: This Python function checks the data types of an object and returns it as string formatting or raises error based on its nature – whether that’s
28172: This function returns the chosen ciphers and key sizes. The input is expected to be in string format, with each character representing one byte of data
28173: This function checks whether the file name is empty, and returns its extension or last part of filename in case it's not an image/video etc
28174: Returns an object with the URI as '/foo'. 1 line. No parameters or data manipulation required, simple JSON output formatting is used to
28175: This script repeatedly replaces certain characters in the text until it no longer changes, which indicates that all these types of brackets have been removed from input
28176: This function checks whether the given string is either 'chromosome X', ‘Chrônême Y' OR, in some
28177: This function returns the value of 'cell' if it is 0, otherwise -9. It uses an inline conditional operator to check whether or not
28178: This line of the given Python script returns all 'results' dictionary keys that are named "hit". It then accesses and return these values.
28179: This Python function returns the value of v0 if 'r' is less than zero, else it will return zeros and has no effect on other
28180: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'snapshot' variable, which is an integer. The value calculated by subtracting
28181: This line of the given Python function returns an integer. The value is calculated by adding i and (-~((-(int))&(-0x7
28182: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings, then removes trailing whitespace from each of these newline separated parts if they are
28183: This line of the function checks if it's time to perform an epoch based on currrent and specified period. It returns True when current E
28184: This Python script generates the URL to access variant data from GnomAD database using chromsome, position and reference alleles of each Variant object
28185: This script calculates the instantaneous velocity of two displacements using their respective timesteps and stores them into lists 'X' & ‘
28186: This function is used to update the ranking of names. If there's no such record, it creates one; otherwise updates its value with new Rank
28187: This is the implementation of TriboNACCI series using recursion. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding value in TRI
28188: This Python function is used to create the dictionary that will be returned by another part of our program. The input parameters are all stored in 'path',
28189: This line of Python script returns the minimum value from 3rd element, which is at index [0], to fifth elements. It's used
28190: This function tries to convert the input into different types, in order of precedence - string then integer and finally fallback on stripping whitespace from
28191: This line of the program converts all uppercase characters in 'filename' to lower case using Python builtin function "lowercase".  The
28192: This function calculates the population growth based on an initial value, and then applies exponential decay to it. The result is returned as 'pop' after
28193: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28194: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'int' and output will be also int type, as it returns integer division result
28195: This line of Python is equivalent to the following JavaScript function. It takes an input data and returns its bitwise NOT, then ANDs it with '
28196: This line of Python script splits the input string into lines and then filters out any empty or commented ('#' at start), strips leading/tra
28197: Attempts to read the content of filename and returns it if found; otherwise return zero in case an error occurs during reading or when no such files
28198: This function returns different values based on the input. It's an example of conditional logic in Python, where it checks multiple conditions and assigning output
28199: This function checks if two lists are equal. If the lengths of both list do not match, it returns false immediately because they cannot be compared to each
28200: This Python function checks if each line of the input string is valid as per rules defined by "passphrase" validation, ie., it returns True
28201: This function calculates the heat flux from which can be used to calculate evaporative and transmissive heating. The equation is based on Net Rad
28202: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the concatenation of their elements. The first list is joined with an underscore character ("__")
28203: This line of Python script replaces the 'power' operator with an exponentiation symbol in string format, making it more readable and easier to understand
28204: This line of the given Python script is finding an index 'if' in string and returning substring from that point to end if found, else it
28205: A Python dictionary to represent the Command object. 	Type of Objects it represents and its properties are defined as per requirements in problem statement or specification
28206: This function returns the integer value of dcp multiplied by four. The result is then rounded down to an integral part using Python's built in
28207: This function returns the string 'layer' followed by '_'.  It is used to get specific layers of an image or video stream, which can be
28208: This function prints the given 'character' on each of its own lines. It is used to display text with multiple characters per row and column using loops
28209: This Python script generates the list of numbers from one upto 'n' that are divisible by both three AND five. The output is generated using
28210: Returns the string ":" padded on left with spaces to make it 10 characters long if necessary, otherwise returns original input as is because there
28211: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
28212: Function to calculate the point of intersection between two lines.  Inputs are x and y coordinates on one line; returns an array with these points'
28213: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28214: Returns an object with the text and attachmenst of helpshift's update notification.  Attachment is link to specific issues in HelpShift dash
28215: If the length of 'X' is 1, return its first element. Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning X indefinitely until it gets
28216: This Python script generates permutation of faces and adds them to the “cubes” string. The result is then printed out as an OFF
28217: This Python function splits the given string into three parts based on hyphen, then assigns them to corresponding keys of dictionary and returns it as output
28218: This function calculates the ratio of an object's surface area to its mass. It is used in physics simulations where we need information about how much
28219: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28220: Calculates the absolute difference between two points in 0D space and adds one to each dimension. This is done twice, once on rectangle 'one
28221: This Python function takes an Excel file's rows and converts the value of each cells into string format, then append these strings to 'vales
28222: This line of Python script returns the keys from all parameters in alphabetical order, which is useful to quickly identify and sort them by name or type
28223: This Python function takes an input list 'n' and returns two lists, the first half of elements from ‘start’ to middle element inclus
28224: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance' of an integer or floating point number. If it isn’t either type then returns False;
28225: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The x and Y values are passed as parameters to be returned by format method within
28226: This Python script checks whether an IP address has IPv4 or not. If it's in version 1 and later then returns True; otherwise False
28227: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28228: This function returns the value of 'limit' when it is within an inclusive range defined by two values, otherwise return either one or another.  The
28229: This line of Python script calculates the pixel distance by scaling an integer value. The input string is converted to its equivalent in terms as pixels, and
28230: This line of the script checks if 'species' data string contains atom. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on
28231: This Python function finds the smallest number from an input list. If there is only one element, it returns that single item directly; otherwise find and return
28232: This function calculates the Shannon entropy of an input probability distribution. The formula is used to calculate it, where 'n' represents total number and
28233: This Python script filters out data points that start with "datsource" from the given list of dictionaries, and returns them as another dictionary containing only
28234: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each sentence and within that it goes through the tokens of every single word/sentence pair
28235: This line of the Python function returns an IP address in string format. The '>>' operator is used to shift bits right and fills lower order with
28236: This line of the given piece is defining an empty dictionary named 'bins' with two key value pairs where keys are integers and values corresponding to binary
28237: This function takes an integer x and the position of desired binary digit as input, then it shifts right by '(position)' bits in place. It
28238: This function checks if two boxes overlap. If they do not intersect at all or partially overlaps then it returns false otherwise true  Code length = 6
28239: This Python script attempts to read the first ten thousand characters of an input file and checks if there is any zero byte at that position using bitwise AND
28240: This Python script uses the scikit learn library to perform multiclass naive bayes classification on text data from an input file with labeled documents
28241: This Python function checks whether the input 'str' type and converts non ASCII characters to question marks ("?", as per requirement). If not
28242: This Python function checks whether the two input matrices have matching rows and columns. If not it raises an error message stating "Matrix Dimensions Must Match".
28243: This Python script creates an array of integers from the input string, then checks if second and third elements are not less than first one; If they aren
28244: This Python script splits the string "oldX 0 Y Z" into three parts and then rearranges them to form an XY coordinate
28245: This function flattens nested lists using recursion and type checking to ensure only valid input types are processed by the flatterning process."
28246: This function checks the existence of specific evaluation metics and returns their values. If not, it raises an exception with message 'No Metric Found'.
28247: This Python function filters out pairs of sentences that are longer than the specified maximum length using list comprehension with if conditions to check lengths before appending them
28248: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
28249: This Python function returns the list of unique tracks from an input 'titles' array, starting with no previous occurrence and ending at any future one found
28250: This Python function returns the list of tuples where each tuple contains step name and its corresponding transformation. It only includes those transformations that are non null
28251: If the variable 'v' isn’t defined, return an empty string. Otherwise just returns its value as it was given to be returned by function
28252: If the 'task type' or its value isn’t set, return true. Else check whether it matches with specific values; in case of
28253: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28254: ...'  # Insert your own text here. Replace "..." with the actual content of each line or block in detail below, keeping it
28255: This Python script calculates the energy of pairs from an input list 'x'. The calculation is done by dividing each element with its corresponding one and
28256: This line of the given Python script returns "hardware serial" from JSON data.  It's used to get unique identifier associated with each device
28257: A Python function that converts an input list of strings into one dictionary where each string is the key and its value always set to 'True'. This
28258: This Python function checks if the input is an integer and returns true only when it's positive. If not, then false will be returned regardless of
28259: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an identical copy, but with all elements from 'dict' object "+ key +" removed."
28260: This Python script initializes two variables to very large values and then iterates over the 'Box' list. For each iteration it updates these minimums
28261: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
28262: This Python function generates an array of numbers from 'Start' to the end with steps as per given in parameter, it checks whether "step" value
28263: If the input 'text' exists, it checks whether its length exceeds 20 characters. It then returns an abbreviated version of that string with
28264: This Python script splits the given string into its constituent parts and converts them to floats before returning as dictionary values in order of 'Stat
28265: This function returns the URL of Github profile using user's name as input parameter, which is provided by users in request to access their gh
28266: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between three points in space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it squared, which
28267: This line of the Python function calculates and returns GCD between two numbers. The number 'b' is returned as result which can be used to
28268: This function takes in two parameters, `absolute` and 'relativ', it checks if the absolute url starts with '/' or not;
28269: This Python script copies the 'mme' object and modifies it based on certain conditions, then returns modified version of that copy if an id is
28270: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two lists. The first list is used as keys while the second one acts like
28271: This Python function converts DNA to RNA. It iterates over each character of the input string, and if it finds an "A", repl
28272: This function takes an integer input representing the total minutes and converts it into hours & min. format using Python's built in functions like floor()
28273: This Python function converts the string s into an uppercase version with underscores replaced by spaces and vice versa using builtin functions of python
28274: This Python function takes an array of strings, and returns the same list with all first letters converted to uppercase followed by remaining characters unchanged from original string
28275: This function generates and returns the string representation of all numbers from m to ‘n’ inclusively separated by hyphens. For example if we
28276: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the length of 'genetic descripts' and adds to it as dictionaries with keys
28277: This function checks whether the given file or directory exists, returns false when it doesn't exist; also handles wildcard characters at end of string by
28278: A regular expression pattern to match hexadecimal numbers with the given variable as part of their names, e..g "match_1",
28279: This function calculates the frequency of an instrument given its MIDI note number. The formula is based on C Major scale, where A = 3
28280: This Python script converts the given list of names to their corresponding UniCodes. It does so by mapping each name from 'sequence' into
28281: Write the purpose of your function here, describing what it does and its input/output in detail – be sure to include any assumptions or constraints that
28282: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28283: This python script calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean Distance formula and Pythagoras theorem, then
28284: This function calculates the size of each chunk to be read from disk. It takes into account both maximum spliting and rounding up if necessary,
28285: This Python script splits the given string into hours minutes and seconds in millisecond format using '.' as separator then converts it to total time
28286: This Python function calculates the value of an input 'x' based on its position in relation to two other values, which are defined as min and
28287: This line of Python script creates an id using the given category and name. The output is in string format with ' | '. between them as separator
28288: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level by using recursion and the builtin extend() method of python'
28289: This Python function implements the Dijkstra's algorithm to find shortest paths from one node in an unweighted graph, given as adj
28290: Deletes the specified 'keys' from dictionary and returns updated dictonary after deletion – if such an item exists, it is deleted else
28291: This Python function takes an integer input and returns its digits as list in reverse order using while loop structure, without any builtin functions or libraries like
28292: This line of the given Python script checks whether an object is None or not. If it's either, then function returns 'PyNULL'.
28293: This Python script is used to check if the values of 'form data' are empty and return them as they were or `None` otherwise based on
28294: This line of the given C++ program checks whether or not an integer value has set bit at specific position. If it is, then returns 'true
28295: This function compares two version numbers and returns whether they are equal or not based on the operation specified in 'op'. If their comparison is true it
28296: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28297: This Python function calculates and returns 'theta' times ('(gamma+1)/2'). The result is then used in another calculation. It uses
28298: This script calculates the mean and standard deviation from an image list. The number or length check is done to ensure that there are enough elements present,
28299: This Python script takes an input string and attempts to split it into three separate numbers using the space character as delimiter; then converts each of
28300: This Python script generates the date in YYYYMMDD format from given days, years and dates. It also handles cases where there are less than
28301: If the specified key ("site_magnetization"), does NOT exist within dictionary, it returns 'None'. Then checks whether there's another level
28302: This script generates an array of IDs from the filenames by splitting them on '/' and taking last part, then split again to get extension
28303: If the absolute value of 'J' is greater than or equal to its own magnitude, return zero. Otherwise check whether two times their magnitudes are
28304: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'Contributions' object to add any contributors who have been picked by someone else
28305: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is instance of' type List or Not and returns it multiplied by two fifty four otherwise return as given
28306: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on two variables, y and x. The values are calculated as follows -> ((value_
28307: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into lines using "\n" as separator and returns it, effectively returning all inputs split
28308: If the 'No Update' setting is set, return false. Else check whether there are any updates to be made based on start of an update
28309: This script sets the Gnu Privacy Guard environment variables and then runs an arbitrary command with its arguments passed to it, using those settings as defaults if no
28310: If the input 'CSNAME' isn’t of type string or doesn‘ts start with "PC", return false; otherwise it returns true only
28311: If the 'threshold' parameter isn’t provided, it calculates and returns absolute difference between simulated & observation. Otherwise; else part of condition
28312: This line of Python script generates an unique identifier by combining the default series UID and its corresponding number. The result is then stored in 'UID'.
28313: This Python script queries the attributes of each item within an array, and if they contain certain keys it appends their values to 'Query'. If not
28314: This Python function checks the 'metadata' of an object and raises errors when certain keys are not found or have incorrect values, such as checking whether descriptions
28315: This function returns the values of two variables.  The first variable is returned as "value_one" and second one, which can be named anything
28316: This Python function splits the string representation of an inputted 'image size' into two separate integers, and returns them in order as x & y
28317: This Python script is used to split the input string by "." and return its last element if it exists, otherwise returns an empty String."""  #
28318: This Python function takes an ID string and returns the version of that identifier as part 0f its name if it is in format 'majorVersion'
28319: This script is used to merge two dictionaries into one, but only if the keys are unique and exist on both files respectively; otherwise it will just
28320: This Python function strips leading and trailing whitespace from each string within the list, then removes any empty resulting substrings after stripping all of them
28321: Returns the appropriate form of word based on whether there is one or more instances.  For example, "3 dogs" would be returned as 'd
28322: Splits the given string into hours minutes and seconds using ":" as separator returning them in separate variables with type casting to floats if possible
28323: This line of Python script returns the intersection between two lists. It uses list comprehension to create and output new List which contains only those elements that are
28324: This line of Python script replaces all the tabs, newlines and carriage returns with spaces to make it more readable by using string replace method in
28325: This Python function returns the coordinates of points from an input dictionary. The output is formatted as JSON object with type set to 'multiple point' and
28326: This Python function returns two dictionaries based upon the input string 'Task'. The first dictionary is associated with tasks that start and end in N or A
28327: This function checks if the value of 'F' is within range defined by min/max values. If it falls in that specific interval, then return
28328: This Python function calculates the product of an integer n and its index, then divides it by itself. The result is returned as output variable '
28329: This program simulates the behavior of Monty Hall problem by switching one time and returning false when contestant chooses door with car behind it else return
28330: This Python function returns the largest integer less than or equal to 'floor' of an expression. The result is obtained by adding one and subtracting from
28331: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of raising it to power two minus one. It's used in some calculations involving powers,
28332: This line of the given Python script is used to remove all occurrences from 'after' that are present at an index position specified by "in
28333: This function returns the first two elements of an array. If 'array' is empty or its length less than 3 it will return [0]
28334: This function returns the value of 'i' but, in case it is negative number then replaces with zero. Otherwise just keeps returning as before which
28335: This Python script converts the URL to lowercase and checks if it ends with any of several file extensions, returning one that is found or defaulting
28336: This function calculates the difference between consecutive elements of an input list. If there are less than two items present it returns zero as per requirement else calculate
28337: This function checks if all elements of the list 'col' are within ‘[0, +∞)' range. If not it returns false
28338: If the input 'sign' is positive, return one. Else check whether exponentiation by two gives an even result or not and then either returns
28339: This line of the given Python script is returning an HTTP request to fetch data from 'https://www.opendotaheroesstatsdatafeedservice
28340: This function generates the URL to search Indeed using given parameters such as 'job', ‘location’ and postings offsets from which it starts searching
28341: This Python function returns an object with two keys, 'speak' and the value of which is another dictionary. The first key has one subkey
28342: This function normalizes the input value to fit between 0 and destination range. The normalization formula is derived from linear interpolation, which maps source values
28343: This Python function takes an integer version and returns the corresponding Major.Minjor & Patch numbers as separate integers in tuple format using floor division operator "/
28344: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by one thousandth, i.. e., it's equivalent to returning half or third value
28345: This function checks the type of an input and returns it as one element in case its not none/empty. If It's another data structure like
28346: This function checks whether the string ends with certain characters, and returns it without those specific ending character/characters in case of true condition; otherwise return
28347: If the user has no permissions to create or edit objects in any way. This is typically used when an object doesn't have enough access rights and
28348: A dictionary is created with the key 'queries' and its value being another dict. The inner most level has two keys, one of which holds
28349: This program calculates the remainder and quotion of division by 'base' from an inputted integer. The result is stored in two separate arrays to
28350: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with all spaces removed. If there are none, it simply gives back that original value is
28351: This function converts binary string to decimal. If the number is negative, it raises an error; otherwise returns converted value in specified bit count or zero
28352: This function returns the result of dividing its input by one million, which is equivalent to converting it from bytes into kilobytes or meg
28353: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same string, but with spaces between each argument unless it contains whitespace or is empty;
28354: This function takes an input number and returns the same value but rounded to two decimal places. The result is then returned by another method in your program or
28355: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an input string is empty. If it's true, then returns that same value without any
28356: This Python function replaces the double quotes in input strings with single ones, and vice versa if they are present at both ends of their respective parts
28357: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
28358: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks whether the variable 'v' equals zero, and returns it in that case or otherwise return its
28359: This function checks the validity of input parameters. If any parameter doesnt meet certain conditions it raises an error with appropriate message and returns values based on these
28360: If the current state is 'F', and random number generated by function getRandom() falls within certain ranges, it returns “X”. El
28361: This Python script is used to split the input string into three parts, starting from index 0 and stripping leading/trailing whitespace characters using
28362: This Python script splits two versions into individual parts and compares them in terms of major, minor or patch level using the split() function on each
28363: This Python function returns an email message to unsubscribe from the given destination. The format of returned string is as follows - ' UNSUBSCRIBE
28364: This Python function returns the four bounds of an image in terms 0 based indexing. The first two elements are row min and max, while last
28365: This Python function takes an input of coordinate paths and scales them by the given factor. It uses list comprehension to apply lambda functions on each element
28366: Loads the version of an imported Python package or file using its name in current directory and prints error message if it fails to find any matching modules/
28367: aa.py contains the functions to generate amino acid codes"(END SUMMARY).'   }    ## END OF CO
28368: Initializes two variables, 'None' and another variable named "none" which is also initialized as none.  These are used in the next few
28369: This Python function returns either `num` is less than zero, equal to zer or greater tha one. If the number given as input in
28370: This function returns the string with open and closing tags. The middle part is just filled by 'text'.  It's used to wrap some pieces
28371: This line of the Python function returns an ISO 8601 formatted date string. The input is d, which should be in datetime format or
28372: This Python function takes an array or string of numbers separated by commas and returns them in the form if they are not empty, else it will return
28373: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28374: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in `version` tuple with "." as separator and converts them to string type using map
28375: This Python function is used to generate the list 'V' based on an element object and its properties such as method type ("Analytically" or not
28376: If the ' cells' key is missing, return an empty string. Otherwise get and returns source of second cell from data dictionary; only when it’
28377: This function checks whether the input is empty or None, and returns true in both cases; otherwise it will return false indicating that an argument was provided to
28378: This function checks the number of digits in an input integer. It returns true if it's 0,1 or any other numbers from two
28379: This function replaces the word 'Download' with just its equivalent in terms of text, which is to say it changes from Download link into View Link
28380: This Python script checks the value of 'black white' and applies different color conversions based on its values. If it is 0, then no
28381: If the attribute "previous" doesnt exist in object `message` then return true else delete all previous messages and remove reference to them from current one
28382: This function takes in the model string and splits it into an array of individual word. If there are less than or equal to 1 item then
28383: This Python script is designed to solve the problem of finding all positive numbers that are present at even indices. The function takes an array 'Nums'
28384: This Python function removes trailing spaces from the end of input string if it exists, otherwise returns original nonempty strings as is without any modification or delet
28385: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It takes one argument, the temperature in degrees of freezing point water and
28386: This line of Python script returns the result by multiplying an input number 'time' with ten. The output is in milliseconds, as per
28387: This Python function calculates the value of Chebychef's polynomial at point 'n'. The base case is when ```return values[
28388: This Python function takes as input an element from the dictionary and checks whether it contains key 'postid' or not. If yes, then assigns
28389: This function takes an object name as input. If the given argument has three elements it returns them joined by 'and'. Else when there are four
28390: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean Distance formula. The result is squared, so it'
28391: This function converts RGB to LAB color space using the formulae provided in Wyszecki's paper on Color Theory and Computer Graphics
28392: Returns True if the given string is equal to 'RAV' in case insensitive manner. Otherwise, it returns False – that means there are
28393: This line of the Python script checks if URL starts with 'http' and returns True, otherwise it will check whether there is an authority separator ('
28394: This Python script creates and returns an object that filters out public service vehicle paths. The filter is based on the 'excludePublicServiceVeilPath
28395: This function checks whether the given number is even or not. It returns true when it's an odd numeral and false otherwise, based on its
28396: This function converts the temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit and rounds it off with two decimal places using Python's builtin
28397: This function checks whether the given variable is True or not. If it's true, then return 'W', otherwise returns false/None in Python
28398: This function computes and returns distance between two lists of numbers. If inputs aren't equal lengths it prints an error message " Input is too long
28399: If the input is greater than or equal to 0 and less then equals  > 8, it will output 'High'. Elsewise outputs either
28400: This Python function is used in AWS Lambda functions. It takes an input "Event", which should be the payload of any type that can pass into
28401: Normalizes the input x to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum value from each data point, then dividing
28402: This function checks if the string contains any lowercase letter. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such character exists
28403: This script reads an SVG file, removes the first and last character of each string within it. It then returns these modified strings as output which is
28404: This Python function takes an input list of tups where each tuple contains the string to be executed and its corresponding number. It then executes these instructions
28405: Checks whether all required parameters are not null before generating the URL string to access logs of an application running on specified IP address and listening at given ports
28406: This Python function checks whether the input is an instance and type as string or not; it raises error otherwise with proper message when parameters are incorrectly passed
28407: If the file doesnt have last modifier then return. Else get email and username from that person's details – else just returns an
28408: This Python script counts the number of occurrences where an element's key equals to given 'value'.  It uses list comprehension and built
28409: This function calculates the maximum value between two numbers. If mass divided by three is less than or equal to zero then it returns 'zero'. Otherwise
28410: Returns the string '/1.' followed by URL in one line, without any spaces or newline characters at end of it – just to make sure
28411: This function takes three arguments and returns the values of X in first position when 'argument' is equal to ‘x’. The value returned by
28412: Return relationship type, groupings and ids from the given ES result.  The source ID is extracted as well because it'll be used in
28413: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28414: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The inputs are tuples of length one with each containing
28415: This line of the Python script converts an input in JOULES to KILOJUOTHS. The conversion factor is given as one
28416: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each sublist of 'param' from the original parameter lists and appends to another temporary
28417: If the last part of `fullnam`e is '___', then return it, else append '__._' to end and returns name with
28418: This function takes three arguments and returns the second, third elements of these in string format.  Example usage is as follows -> print("Result =
28419: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from nested lists within the input 'data' dict, using keys as indices of inner
28420: This function calculates the score of an object based on its distance from hitting limit. The formula is as follows, Score = [(distance to
28421: This function returns the value of "lineno" multiplied by ten. It's just an example, but it demonstrates how to use Python variables
28422: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements within 'probe counts' dictionary. The key is used to access specific parameters from each value list and
28423: This function takes keyword arguments and returns them as dictionary. It is used to set the parameters of an RNN model, such like number layers/un
28424: Inserts the given 'element' at index 1 in list named "lst". Returns modified List object as result of operation.";```
28425: This Python function generates an image filename based on the given parameters. The file extension (.jpg, .png etc.) and initial character of each part are
28426: This line of the given Python script assigns values to variables. The first variable is assigned with 'evvals' and its value equals 0;
28427: This function takes in an RGB value and multiplies it by the given 'factor'. It then returns these new values as output.  The lambda
28428: This function checks if the first word of each input string is "LABEL". If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or
28429: This function splits the input list of strings by "||" and returns another string that is obtained from splitting each element with respect to '&&&
28430: This Python function checks whether the input 'values' are either integers or floats. If they do not meet these conditions it returns an error message else
28431: This Python script is used to compare the answers of two sets. It counts how many instances where both questions' answer matches with each other and then div
28432: This line of the script converts an input dictionary into parameters and assigns default values to learning rate if not provided in that particular key/value pair
28433: This line of the Python function returns an expression that is calculated based on two variables. The first variable 'de_vm' multiplied by 0
28434: This line of the script checks whether an item has .PY extension. If it does, then sets 'isItPyScript' to True else False
28435: This Python script is used to split the path into its directory and file name. It handles both absolute paths as well relative ones by checking if "/"
28436: If the input is 'Dennis', return an HTTP response with status of OK and message as Hello Dennis; otherwise it returns not_found
28437: This script is used to create the 'agg' dictionary and populate it with data from another nested structure. The purpose of these scripts are not clear
28438: This script creates an empty list called 'groups'. It then iterates over the dictionary of values and their corresponding lists/deck objects using Python'
28439: This function checks if the given 'output' contains specific error messages about networks having or not Having Latched. It returns two boolean values - one indicating
28440: This Python function checks whether the inputted variable 'string' has any value. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true or else part
28441: This line of the Python function calculates and returns half value from two numbers Do & Dis respectively, which are passed as arguments to it via parameters in
28442: This line of the given C++ program multiplies 'numerator' by ‘1’ and then divides it with another variable. The result
28443: This function takes an input list of dictionaries and returns the same data structure but with each dictionary's values replaced by their corresponding keys.  It
28444: This Python script is used to find all pairs of IDs that are present both as an element within the 'twin' list, with corresponding files
28445: If the extension name isn't provided, it returns an empty string. Otherwise return its corresponding directory structure in terms of extensions and their paths within that
28446: This function returns the string 'primary' if it is called with no arguments. (Note that in Python, there are other ways to achieve
28447: This Python function takes in two parameters and returns the coordinates of an element centered on it. The size parameter determines both width(w), height/height
28448: This function calculates the number of copies based on reference count and log ratio, returning twice that value as per given formula in Python language using bitwise
28449: This function tries to parse the input string as an integer. If successful it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that parsing failed due some reason
28450: This function returns the appropriate attribute name based on an input 'entity' type. It checks whether it is of Human User, Task or Project and then
28451: Checks if there is at least one element from the source list that matches with an "sename" field of each item on 'referenceList'.
28452: This Python function converts time in seconds into minutes and returns the equivalent of that value. It also subtracts from total number if it is greater
28453: This Python function calculates the number of times an integer 'n' can be divided by another given intger. If it is divisible then returns
28454: This Python function reverses the binary representation of an integer. It uses bitwise operations to achieve that and returns both values as output in tuple format -
28455: This function splits the input string by tab character and returns an array of strings, each representing one line from file or command output in Python programming language
28456: If the number of times that value is equal to either B or C, it returns an AG. Otherwise return Non_AG – Code explanation and
28457: Removes extra white spaces and line breaks from the given string.  Code is used to clean up input data by removing unnecessary characters such as whitespace
28458: This script creates two dictionaries, ```{node : count}``` where the keys are strings generated by calling ''''+self.__class
28459: This Python script is used as an example of how you can extract the value from nested JSON objects using list comprehension and appending it into another empty
28460: This Python script creates an empty 'set' to store the distinct coordinates, then iterates over each coordinate and adds it only if that value is yet
28461: This Python function tries to convert the input array X into an integer. If it fails, then return false; otherwise true is returned after trying conversion of
28462: This function returns the latitude, longtude and address of an object.  It takes in one parameter 'car', which is expected to be
28463: This Python function calculates the diffusion coefficient of an object given its density and heat capacity. The formula is derived from thermodynamics, where it'
28464: This Python function flattens the list of tups. It uses recursion to handle nested lists and returns them as one long, unbroken sequence
28465: This Python function returns the number as string representation. If it's  zero, then return 'zero'. For numbers less than ten we just convert
28466: This function calculates the recursion of number's Factorial. If input is zero, it returns one else return result as 'number times its
28467: This line of the given C++ function is parsing an input string into Int type. The resultant value from that conversion operation will be returned as
28468: This function returns the type of variable as VARCHAR.  It takes one argument, _x and converts it to string format before returning 'Varchar
28469: This function checks if there is any nonzero cell within the given coordinates. If found it returns true else false or None depending on whether all cells are
28470: Throws an error when the input 'total ranks' is not multiple of six. If it isn’t, throws and argumenterror with message stating
28471: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28472: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28473: This function resizes an image to the specified dimension while maintaining its aspect ratio by either increasing or decreasing one of them based on which is larger and then
28474: This Python function returns the status of an object based on its 'state' value. The states are defined as follows in order from 0 to infinity
28475: This function returns the sublist of files in directory.  The path is passed as an argument to get all .txt file names from that specific location
28476: This Python function calculates the number of times an integer is greater than its previous one in sequence, where each new value increases by 1 and dou
28477: This Python function tries to return the value of "hd" dictionary with key 'HD' and if it doesn’t exist, then returns its equivalent
28478: This line of Python script combines two lists into one, removes duplicates and then converts the result back to its original form.  It's
28479: This line of the script sorts an array in ascending order and returns three values from that sorted list, corresponding to their original positions or indices as specified
28480: This python script reads lines from the file 'state.txt' and calculates margin of victory per district by counting winner/runners up vote counts
28481: If the value of 'pet' is less than 0, it gets set to zero. This operation ensures that all negative values in our data are
28482: Creates an object with the type as 'variable' and name. The variable is named after its input parameter `(name,)` in parenthes
28483: This Python script splits the string into individual "tokens" using space as delimiter and returns only those non empty strings from that list of
28484: Replace all occurrences of the specified old substring with new one in Python.  Code is used to perform replacement operation on strings using python
28485: This Python script sorts the numbers in ascending order and then adds up two smallest elements.  The result is printed to console using print statement with an
28486: If the 'old' dictionary doesn’t exist yet it creates an empty one; otherwise updates with new data from another given dict and merges them
28487: This function returns the value of k times x raised to power p. It's an example in Python programming language where we are using exponentiation operator
28488: If the length of your name is greater than  zero, return first character in upper case and remaining characters as it was. Else do nothing or
28489: If the number of given coordinates is less than 2. Then it raises an error with message "Needs At Least Two Point To Calculte
28490: This Python function is used to count the number of times two sequences are found within an input dictionary. If both forward and reverse versions exist, it adds
28491: This function returns the full path to data files in an application's directory structure, given its filename as input parameter 'Name'. It is used by
28492: This Python script splits two strings into character arrays and then compares the characters from both array until it finds different or reaches to end of shorter one
28493: Returns the git url of an Alpine Linux commit as per given value in '$vaue' parameter – ${APORT} is
28494: This Python function is used to get the type of an HTML form element, if it has one; otherwise returns 'TextArea'.  It uses try
28495: This line of the given Python function returns n+A, where A is an integer. The bitwise NOT operator '~' inverts all
28496: This function checks whether two strings are not equal by comparing their lengths. If they're different it raises an error with the message "String is too
28497: This Python script filters out non digit characters from the input 'phone number' and then checks whether or not it contains exactly 10 digtis.
28498: This line of the script creates an empty list called "exts" and assign it to be equal with another variable.  It then prints out all
28499: This function calculates the centroid and dimensions of an object in two dimensional space. The input is bounding box coordinates which define where to calculate from
28500: This Python script checks if the file name ends with either ".png",".jpg"" to determine whether it's an image that can be displayed in
28501: This function checks whether the input string starts with either - or not, and then converts it to an integer/float depending on that decision; otherwise
28502: This line of the Python script checks whether two variables are equal. If they're not, it returns one variable; otherwise - nothing is returned and
28503: This function checks whether the given letter is present as part of any word within an inputted string. If it's found, then returns True;
28504: This function returns the appropriate font size based on input string.  It checks if it's one of several predefined strings and then maps that
28505: This Python function checks if the input string 'bucket' meets certain conditions such as its length should be less than or equal to 64 characters
28506: This Python function calculates the output of an amplifier based on input parameters. It multiplies its inputs by gains, then scales up or down with absolute
28507: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using polynomial regression. The last coefficient is used as constant term and each previous one are multiplied with
28508: This Python function calculates the precision of an object based on its density. The formula used is derived from observations in astronomy, where objects with higher
28509: This script checks if an action is physical, spell based on certain keywords. It also handles some special cases where actions are evaded by other characters'
28510: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an approximate value based on chunk data's byte size, which is then used to determine how much
28511: This line of the given Python script returns only part after "?", which is usually used to get query parameters from URLs in HTTP requests, but
28512: If the status of an object is offline, return true. Otherwise false or None depending on whether there's no such key present with value 'online
28513: This Python script calculates the ratio of two masses, each multiplied by different factors and then divided to get an overall resultant value which is returned
28514: This Python function calculates the cube of each number in an input list and returns their cumulative total.  It uses map() to apply l
28515: This line of Python script returns the sequence from 1 to 'n'. It's very simple and efficient. The builtin function range() generates
28516: This line of the script calculates and returns an exponentially weighted average length as part one step in calculating some sort or metric that is used to evaluate
28517: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'i'. The loop starts from n and decrements until it reaches zero. In each
28518: This function is used to create an empty list, then it iterates over the 'times' variable and checks if each time value starts with "C
28519: This Python script calculates the product of each element and its position within an array. The number 'n' is determined by length('array') -
28520: This function calculates the intersection of two rectangular regions. If they do not intersect then it returns 'None'. Otherwise return four values representing their coordinates and
28521: This function checks if the input is an integer and returns True only when it's positive. If not, then return false or None depending on whether
28522: This Python script splits the input string into separate URLs using comma as separator and returns second, third part of these separated strings respectively in tuple
28523: This function checks the presence of certain strings ("_rX") within another string "f". If it finds any, returns an integer corresponding to that
28524: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on input parameters. The result is returned as output from that specific calculation, which in our case
28525: This Python script converts an integer to its hexadecimal representation. The value is shifted left by eight bits and the resulting number in hexa
28526: If the length of 'Path' is 0, return dictionary at current level. Else traverse to next element in dict using recursion and
28527: This line of the given Python script splits each word in "term" into an array, and then returns its length which is also returned by function
28528: If severty is not provided, returns zero. Otherwise it checks the value of 'Severirty' in different levels and assigns an integer to
28529: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary named 'bins' with keys as integers and values are strings which represent binary names in the system such
28530: This Python function checks whether the input 'is an instance of' class "int". If it does then assigns that value to global variable "_my
28531: If the object passed to it matches either its class directly OR an attribute that can be called with parentheses AND returns something other than None/False
28532: This Python function splits the URL into its components, then returns it if there is only one component or else return an empty string and also handles cases
28533: This Python script reads lines from the file, and if it matches with pattern "word number", then adds to dictionary where word as key & value of
28534: This function returns the number of layers and filters in DenseNet models. The model name is used to fetch these values from an object containing all possible
28535: This function calculates the value of f(-10,-9). The input parameters x and/or Y are not used in calculation but they were
28536: This function checks whether the success condition has been met in an episode. If not it starts counting timsteps and returns 'True' otherwise return "False
28537: Checks if the first two elements of both containers are less than or equal to each other, as well whether their sum is greater thatn those in
28538: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
28539: This function checks whether the string starts with or ends in double quotes, then returns it without those characters. If not all conditions are met - just return
28540: This script is used to perform the operations of q3 on two sets 'set' and assigns them back into variables. (The operation
28541: This Python function takes two lists, 'f' and ‘p’ as input parameters where the first list is an integer array that needs to be
28542: Replace all occurrences of the character "'" with Unicode Character U+FF1F in Python string method replace().  This is useful
28543: This function returns the filename of an hw survey weekly report in JSON format. The input is appended to 'hwsurveys' and then
28544: This SQL query selects the name and title of characters appearing in games with specific character names from certain rankings or higher than some number rn;
28545: This Python function generates an array of ids from the given list, but only if they are flags and also includes their values when applicable; otherwise it
28546: This Python script splits the string 'k' on underscores and if it starts with search, then removes that from both ends of resulting list
28547: This python script performs bitwise operations on the input number 'Y'. It uses AND operation to clear all bits in Y. The total amount of binary
28548: This line of the given Python script is fetching "FUEL_REMAINING" from an object called 'data'. If it doesn
28549: This Python function calculates the difference between two ratios. The ratio is calculated as ((sum of all four numbers)/(total sum)) minus 1
28550: This simple Python program prints "Hello World!" to the console. The return statement is not used in these types of programs as they are standalone statements
28551: This function checks if the image dimensions are within acceptable limits. If they aren't it returns an upper limit of either dimension to prevent overflows or
28552: If no 'Base' object or dictionary, it creates an empty one; otherwise uses the existing Base Object/Dictionary as its basis to create another Dictionary
28553: This python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'objects' object and appends each non null element to it if they exist;
28554: This Python script splits the string 'x' into parts, then selects and returns one of those last elements after splitting by '_'. The result
28555: Generates URLs based on the current date in format https//...  and appending category, year & month to it respectively."
28556: This Python function checks if the two sets of keys are equal, returning True only when they're both empty or have exactly one key. If not
28557: This Python script removes the first occurrence of 'if' in each string, and returns only its content if it exists; otherwise return original input as is
28558: This function returns the first occurrence of an element greater than 'value' from list. If no such elements exist it will return zero or default_if
28559: This program uses bitwise operations to count the number of ones in an integer. It starts with setting 'num' as binary and then shifts it left
28560: This function takes an input string, strips the leading and trailing whitespace from it using strip(), converts all characters to their corresponding ASCII values
28561: This Python script creates an empty list and then appends tuples to it with the specified values which are used as input parameters of transition function calls
28562: This line of the script is splitting an email address into two parts at and domain, if there's only one part it returns false else return true
28563: This function counts the number of digitis in an integer. If it's less than ten, returns one; otherwise return two plus count from div
28564: This function converts an integer to its corresponding Excel column name. It works by repeatedly subtracting the quotient and remainder of division with base two six
28565: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. It works by repeatedly taking the modulo of number with base, and if it
28566: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the 'reward' string, where each value is separated by commas using
28567: Removes all non hexadecimal characters from the string.  This is done by replacing any character that does not match [abcdefABC
28568: This Python function takes three arguments, shifts the first argument by two places to right and leaves other bits as is. The result of shifting operation will be
28569: This Python function converts string values to their corresponding Boolean equivalent in case insensitive manner using the dictionary 'conversion dict'. If it encounters an
28570: This function checks if the given test face is within one full circle of all possible faces. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true
28571: Find the first occurrence of non-"N" character from sequence. If not found then returns "None".  Code explanation and usage example is also provided
28572: This function returns an empty string of length 'c' in Python. It is equivalent to the C++ version, but it uses less memory and has
28573: Maintenance of function documentation string formatting."""  [END SOLUTION}```   This solution maintains an efficient way to handle functions with
28574: If the input 'X' array has no elements, return an empty vector. Else check whether its first element itself can be either of type "
28575: This Python script calculates the dot product of two lists 'v' and stores it into variable "dot_product". The result is then printed out
28576: This script is used to extract sample image data from the given test parameters. It takes in an input of 'method' and its corresponding set/d
28577: This Python script finds the smallest positive number from an array of numbers. It initializes 'float("Inf")' as minimum value, then iterates
28578: If the value of 'val' is greater than 10, return string with color set to Red. Otherwise do not change any thing and returns
28579: If the variable 't' is 1, return true. Else check whether there exists an extra string named as `last extras` and
28580: This function converts the DNA sequence to lower case and removes any leading or trailing whitespace, then checks if every character is one of four nucle
28581: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an
28582: Generates the URL to download Minecraft Forge from its official website based on version number – e..g., if you pass in '14
28583: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28584: This function takes as input list of dictionaries and returns the value associated with each key from these dictionary objects if it exists; otherwise 'None'.
28585: This function checks whether the input 'function' object exists and returns false when it doesn’t. If an instance of class ‘Missing” occurs
28586: This function returns the remainder of division by two. It's used to determine if numbers are even or odd in programming languages like Python, Java etc
28587: This Python script converts all the keys and values of an input dictionary to lowercase using list comprehension with .format().  It then returns that
28588: If the characters at two indices in both strings are not equal, return all of them up to that index. Otherwise it returns min length between these
28589: This line of Python script is stripping leading and trailing whitespace from the string "cow" using .lower(), then splitting it into separate
28590: This function calculates the average of numbers in an array. If 'i' is at index one, it returns zero; otherwise return "(number
28591: This Python function finds the index of minimum value from an array 'zone' where it is equal to 2. If no such number exists, then
28592: This function calculates the ratio of length difference between two lists if they are not empty; otherwise it returns zero and stops execution as per problem statement'
28593: Return JSON object with specified parameters.  The 'kernel' field is an array containing one element of type KerneL SET and the id value
28594: This python script calculates the middle value of an RGB or HEXA decimal number. It does so by dividing each component in your input with
28595: This function takes in two parameters, 'letter' and the string "path". If character at index i of given input is ",", it returns all
28596: This function scales the input x between 0 and mMax, then subtracts it from b. The result is scaled back to be in range
28597: This python script calculates the real part of sums over complex numbers. The variables are defined, and then they're used to calculate some values using
28598: Checks if the given text contains an HTML link. 0 = no, otherwise it returns true or false based on whether there is at least one
28599: This line of Python script is splitting the string "cid" by ' | ', and then taking its last part after rsplitting it with '.',
28600: This function takes two parameters, adds them together and returns the result.  It's simple but effective in many situations where you need to perform an
28601: This Python function checks if the given list of numbers is sorted. It does so by comparing each number with its next one, starting from both ends and
28602: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the "hits", which is returned by Elasticsearch's search API and append
28603: This Python function checks the given string to see whether it's one of three particles, and returns an integer correspondingly. If not recognized as any
28604: This line of the program calculates two values, one is based on an equation and another uses some other variables. The first value comes from dividing
28605: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' dictionary or list then it will check to see that certain key exists within given configuration data structure using
28606: This Python function uses regular expressions to extract the first part of an input string that matches some pattern and returns it along with any remaining text after matching has
28607: This Python script generates all possible triples of unique users and their corresponding keys from the given list. It then returns these as tuples within another
28608: A dictionary is created with keys as the sum of three elements and values are filled by "fillers". 3 nested loops create all possible combinations.
28609: This line of the Python script checks if an address is either “default” ("0.0") and returns True, otherwise it will check whether
28610: This function checks if the given string is present as either nPMIs at any index. If it's found, then return true; otherwise false
28611: This function converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it is one of three possible values, returning True or None depending on whether they are
28612: This Python function takes in the path of an input file and returns three pieces - 'train' or test', its corresponding classification name from directory structure,'
28613: This Python function converts the power of 16 to an integer, then calculates and returns its digistotal. It does so by converting
28614: This script copies the given list of lists and then manipulates it based on certain conditions or rules defined by its logic within loops that iterates over each
28615: This Python function checks the value of 'year' and returns it with an offset. If year is divisible by three, then subtracts that
28616: This function checks the first two characters of 'pdb' and returns it in lowercase followed by '_LU'. If not, just return original
28617: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned char value. The operation is bitwise shift right by one byte, then AND with mask to
28618: This Python script creates an array of depths from the given list. It then removes any instances where there is only one unique value, ie., it
28619: This function calculates the standard deviation of an input list 'X'. If X is less than 2 elements, it returns "None". Otherwise，
28620: This Python function converts seconds into hours and minutes. The result is returned in the format of 'X Hours Y Minutes'. If there are
28621: This line of the Python script appends i and r to an empty list, which is then returned as result by function 'return_list'.
28622: A function that calculates the nth number in Fibonacci sequence using dynamic programming. The time complexity is O(N). Space Comple
28623: If the value of 'm' is zero, it returns one. This condition checks whether or not to perform any operation based on what we know about
28624: This Python function converts Celsuis to Farenheight using the formula of conversion from Celcuus(°C )to Fehre
28625: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns percentage from orders to visits. The result is then used in another calculation, which involves multiplying
28626: This Python function doubles the value of 'p' until it is greater than or equal to ‘n’. It then returns that final result
28627: This Python function modifies the string 'ST' by removing leading and trailing whitespaces then reducing its size in steps of three with each step it
28628: A recursive function to calculate the number of ways you can tile an 'N' by using one, two or three tiles. The base case is
28629: If the DNS name does neither contain '.' nor contains substring ‘.com’, return it as is; otherwise check whether there's
28630: This function checks whether the given IP address is valid or not. If it exists, returns true; otherwise false and terminates execution of program/script
28631: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28632: This function checks whether two intervals overlap. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned in Python language – Code snippet provided
28633: Initializes the variables to 1. This is done in one line of Python script, setting both 'row' and	'column'. The condition checks
28634: Checks if the difference between two numbers is divisible by another number. If it's true, returns True; otherwise False  [(n
28635: This Python script takes an input string, breaks it into individual lines using the split() function and then attempts to convert each of these strings as floats
28636: This function takes in the coordinates of three points and returns an interpolated point on either side from one plane to another.""" (END CODE
28637: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28638: This Python script generates and returns an array of tuples. Each tuple contains three elements; the first two are integers representing indices that can be used
28639: This Python function cleans an input list by removing duplicates using the 'in' operator, which is faster than checking if each element exists within another data
28640: If the input string 'strand' does not exist in dictionary, return none. Else it returns corresponding value from dictonary based on whether
28641: If the actual time is zero it sets to one and then scales down by dividing. The resultant value gets rounded up or kept as per max
28642: This script calculates the intersection area between two rectangles in 8 different directions. The maximum and minimum x coordinates of each rectangle are calculated separately to
28643: Generates the URL to download BiC on biocrutor with specific version and file type – .R or tarball (.targz
28644: This Python function multiplies each row of the first matrix by corresponding elements from second vector and returns summed results as list, if dimensions are not matching
28645: This line of the Python script checks if an 'enable' variable exists and, when it does exist; sets or returns its value to be used as
28646: This function takes in 3 parameters - 'three tuple' and converts them into HSL color format. The first two elements of the input are
28647: This Python script is used to generate unique identifier names from the given 'database' dictionary and store them into an empty list named "ids." The function
28648: This Python function returns the sum of two numbers, but only when one or both are zero. If neither is true it simply adds them together as before
28649: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two inputs. The first input is subtracted from another, and then either one or both are
28650: This Python function checks whether the input values are negative. If either of them is, it returns zero; otherwise - return their product as output from another
28651: This Python function generates two lists from the input 'tree' data structure and returns their maximum values as tuples of 1 value each - one
28652: This function is used to handle the Enter Scope event in CV Profile. It checks if an object with given identifier exists, and returns true or false
28653: This Python script copies the lists, sorts them in ascending order using their own sorting function 'sorted', then finds common elements between two sorted
28654: This function calculates the angle between two points in degrees. It takes into account that angles are cyclical and wrap around at 'zero'. The result
28655: This function returns the string '/user/' concatenated with an integer and then appends to it, which is used as part of constructing URL
28656: This function calculates the square of difference between x and constant value, which is used to normalize data in machine learning algorithms like kNN or S
28657: This Python function checks whether the list of transmitters is empty. If it's not then removes duplicate entries from that array by comparing two consecutive
28658: If the value of 'k' is greater than that in variable, it returns zero. Otherwise - continues with next line or statement depending on condition specified
28659: This Python function takes in an array of four points and returns the coordinates corresponding to each corner. The input is expected as [[bounds_left],
28660: This function checks if the point is within unit circle.  The distance from origin to any of its points on circumference will be less than or
28661: This script includes the required JavaScript files in order to run our application's frontend features, such as AJAX requests and Bootstrap framework integration
28662: This Python script creates an array of list with one element [-1] and then appends the numbers from 3 to n into it until all elements
28663: This function returns the score based on whether an input is malicous, suspicious and bening. It uses conditional statements to return different scores depending upon
28664: This python function will keep incrementing the variable 'K' until it reaches or exceeds ‘numeration’. The value of K is then returned
28665: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an adjusted value based on certain conditions or parameters such as 'weight' in Jaro distance calculation
28666: This Python function flattens the given list of lists into one single, linearized array/sequence using extend() method and return statement respectively which is
28667: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
28668: This line of Python script returns the result from applying each function to an element. The functions are stored as list and returned by reference, which is then
28669: Return the dictionary with object ID, version and title from an API response.  The rest of information is extracted directly into these fields in order to keep
28670: This Python function returns the dictionary {“renderd as” : ‘JSON’}. It's used to convert data into JSON format. The
28671: This Python function calculates the aspect ratios of an image. The minimum and maximum sizes are calculated based on its dimensions while maintaining it's proportions
28672: If the 'confidence' parameter isn’t provided, it returns zero; otherwise return half of that value when its less than or equal to one
28673: This Python script checks the version of an installed module and returns it, or "None" in case there's no such installation found by its name
28674: This line of the script checks whether or not `render_options` has been defined. If it hasn't, then we set its value to
28675: This is an implementation of the binomial coefficient function using recursion. The base case conditions are handled first and then it proceeds to calculate each term
28676: This Python function calculates the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The input parameters are 'x', which is one side, and two
28677: This function checks if the inputted array contains any duplicates. If it does then returns false else true – Code Summary of Functionality and Us
28678: This line of the given Python script returns all files in its directory, excluding '.' and '.', which are special system directories that start with "
28679: This line of the function merges two dictionaries. If one dictionary is empty and another isn't it returns nonetheless as if they are merged
28680: This Python script converts the given image file names into their corresponding float values. The function takes as input an array of strings, and returns another one
28681: This Python function copies the input list, subtracts from it certain values and then adds to another value in each position of an output array based on
28682: This function checks if the input k has been assigned to be of type string. If it's not then an error message will appear stating that "
28683: This line of the Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in space using Pythagoras' theorem, which is one
28684: This Python function finds the longest sequence of identical characters in an input string. It uses two variables to keep track and compare each character with its previous one
28685: This function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. If "else" condition is not met, it returns one. Otherwise - multi
28686: This function returns the grade based on student's score in Python programming language using conditional statements and logical operators – elif, else - clauses to handle
28687: This Python function calculates the average time difference between consecutive measurements in an array of timestamps. It subtracts one timestamp from another, div
28688: Returns True if the length of value is greater than argument, else False.  This function checks whether or not an object has more elements in it'
28689: This Python function splits the input string into separate names and returns them in lowercase formatting, similar to how they are stored as part of an
28690: This Python function generates the first n numbers in an iterative sequence where each number is calculated as sum of previous two using recursion and iteration methods respectively
28691: This function checks whether the input 'object' ('obj') in Python has type string and converts it to lowercase with stripping leading/tra
28692: This Python function converts the input from millisievertes per centimeter to meter or vice versa based on an expression in scientific notation,
28693: Checks if both 'A' and 'B', which are Boolean values, is true. If not it returns false otherwise the result of logical AND
28694: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters, 'n' and two constants ('e', which is 3). The
28695: This Python script generates an array of strings, where each string is the same as its input. The "$", and "#".  are replaced with
28696: This function checks the data types of 'input' and returns it as string. If input is not an integer, then return its value converted to String
28697: If both 'a' &amp; '#b are none, return zero. Else check which one of them has value firstly.'   The
28698: This Python script attempts to fetch the value of an attribute from one dictionary. If it fails, then returns 'Unknown Error'.  It uses exception handling
28699: This Python script attempts to run the command line tool "--" in order and if it is successful then return true else false or exception occurs which returns an
28700: This Python function checks whether the inputted `str` is valid as per its Slugginess rules, ie., it should only contain lowercase
28701: This Python script calculates the difference between two dictionaries and returns it as another dictionary with keys from first input's Dictionary, values are calculated by
28702: This Python function tries to convert the input 'str' into an integer. If it fails, then returns `None` instead of raising any exception or
28703: This line of Python script rotates an angle by adding or subtracting multiples thereof. The result is then assigned to 'Theta'. If Angle
28704: This line of the Python script is multiplying an input level by maximum value and then dividing it with ten to get percentage values in decimal form,
28705: This Python function checks the value of 'rain' and returns an integer based on its values. If no match is found, it defaults to return zero
28706: Create an object with the given parameters. The script to be executed is located in /path and its arguments are provided as "args". 	Author
28707: This script creates an array of dictionaries to be used by the Prometheus HTTP API, which are then returned as JSON response from our application'
28708: This Python script splits the string "container_{}_data" into three separate strings, and then returns third part of split result which is '{}
28709: This script calculates the RSSI of each device and stores it into dictionary, then compares with previous values to find out which one has highest
28710: This Python script checks the response from an API call to create or update location. If successful, it returns data related with that operation else raises exception indicating
28711: If the 'Usage' field in an object, strip any leading or trailing whitespace and check whether it’s empty; return nothing otherwise."
28712: This Python script generates an array of IDs by appending the date string to each primary id. The number and type are determined based on length/
28713: This Python function calculates the ratio of time since Blackboard Beginnings to age difference between universe and start.  It's used in calculating
28714: This function calculates the number of payments needed to reach or surpass an amount given by 'lamb' in dollars and returns that count as well
28715: This function returns the peer's IP and port in string format.  The input is not used, but it was required by some functions that were
28716: This function checks if the two rectangles overlap. It does so by comparing their minimum x coordinates with maximum y coordinate of one rectangle to its corresponding max
28717: This line of the Python script creates an output file with .CSV extension. The variable 'outfile' is assigned to be equal in value and
28718: If 'K' is zero, return one. Otherwise calculate the inverse scale factor and then divide it by ('Inversion Scale Factor', plus
28719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28720: This function takes an integer and returns the result of doubling it by adding x to itself. The value returned is then casted as type 'int
28721: This Python function returns the Facebook API URL to fetch user's photos uploaded on their behalf using access token provided as input parameter in format of string type
28722: This Python script checks the value of 'production' and assigns different filenames based on its state or condition in an IF ELSE block structure
28723: This Python script takes an array of command line arguments and returns two lists. The first list contains the non-"--" elements from start to end while second
28724: This line of Python script calculates the remainder when 'value' is divided by three hundred and sixty. If resultant value in modulo operation becomes
28725: This program counts the number of trailing zeros in binary representation. It does so by continuously dividing input 'x' until it is no longer
28726: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with environment variables from the given list of strings using key/value pairing, then returns that
28727: This Python script checks whether the day of week is either Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday. If it's not one these days then return 'weekday
28728: This line of Python script returns all the elements from 'traces' list that have "trace type" equal to inputted value, with an associated
28729: Code is checking if an attribute contains the character "==" and then extracting its corresponding values from it using Python programming language."   }}}}}}
28730: Code returns an object with the property 'border-colo' and its value is set to '#016394'. This color represents
28731: This Python script attempts to read the age of an existing or non existent text files and return it in seconds if successful; otherwise returns zero indicating that
28732: This piece of Python script calculates the value to be inserted into an array based on its index, which is either zero or not depending upon whether it
28733: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28734: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and calculates its square.  The output is an array of four elements that represent top left corner coordinate
28735: This python script calculates the sum of squared differences between corresponding elements from two lists. The result is returned as an output, which can be used
28736: This function calculates the time in seconds it takes to complete one full cycle of an analog clock. The result is then multiplied by three because there
28737: If the two input strings are not of equal length, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns number or characters that differ between them by counting their positions where
28738: This Python function returns the coordinates of all points that are partnered with an even number.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively create and
28739: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28740: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two numbers, then takes that result and checks if it's greater than one. If so，it
28741: This function checks if the position of interest is within an acceptable range. If it's not, then we know that our sequence doesn’t contain
28742: This function takes an integer in minutes and returns the number of full years that have passed since it was converted to hours. It also handles cases where there
28743: If the RGB values are not provided in input parameters then return white background and color. Else format them as an rgba string to be used with CSS
28744: If the input 'None' returns as output then it means that there was no value provided. Else check whether given object type of data ie
28745: This Python script replaces certain characters in the string with others, simplifying it and making sure that all special symbols are removed from input strings to make
28746: Removes brackets and parentheses from the beginning of each string in Python script, if they exist at all."  [Source Code Comment](
28747: This Python function calculates the depth of median in an array. The number 'center' is calculated by dividing each index value with half its position
28748: This function parses the domain name from an URL. It uses regular expressions to do so and returns it if successful, otherwise throws error message indicating that
28749: This Python function returns the number of ones ('1's)' present at odd indices. The result is then modulo by two to ensure it fits
28750: This function checks whether the given 'release' exists as an entry within either of two possible data structures - "dict" or lists respectively based on its
28751: This Python script groups the given `list` of strings by removing numbers and then storing them into dictionary where keys are unique string values without any digits
28752: This Python script splits the input string into lines, filters out any empty or whitespace line and then zips each list of characters together to form
28753: This Python script filters out the hexadecimal characters from an array of bytes. It does so by iterating over each character and converting it to
28754: This function takes an optional parameter 'use_cols' that determines which columns to use from the dataframe. If provided with these parameters it will
28755: This function checks the presence of certain parameters and raises an error when they are missing. It also ensures that these fields exist within some form, but it
28756: This python function calculates the three values of 'a' and returns them. The first two are calculated as 4 times half part(of input
28757: This Python function calculates the number of day in each month based on whether it's an evenly divisible year. If true then February has
28758: This Python function returns the binary representation of an input byte in reverse order.  The format() and reversing functions are used to achieve that goal with
28759: This Python script creates dictionaries to ignore certain elements from the given lists. The keys of these dictionary are "ignore" and their corresponding values will be
28760: This Python script counts the number of nonempty IDs from an input list. The variable 'cards' contains these id values, and it returns
28761: This Python function tries to return true, but if an exception occurs it returns false. It's used in error handling scenarios where you want your program
28762: If the 'pfrul' object exists and its type matches with "PF" then return it in format of '-{Type} {Binding
28763: This Python function calculates the Fitness of an Individual based on their values, which is calculated as square root mean squared error between actual and
28764: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28765: This Python script sorts the numbers and then identifies where to place each number into its cluster based on their difference with previous one using threshold value 'th
28766: This function checks whether the 'post' object has an associated site. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on what
28767: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual newlined strings and checks if the given 'subString' is present within each of
28768: This function returns the string 'M' when called with argument 1, and otherwise it will return either an empty or any other character depending on its
28769: This function calculates the ratio of two masses. It takes in parameters m1 and m2, multiplies them together to get their combined mass value
28770: This Python script splits the string "info", using ':' as delimiter, and then checks if each element starts with “Parent”
28771: This line of the given Python script splits 'req_url' by '/', returning an array that contains each part after splitting it at every occurrence
28772: Code: takes in an array of strings, returns the most common string. If there is more than one with same frequency then it will consider only first
28773: This Python script is used to extract the SageMaker'S artifact location and return it as tuple.  The first element in returned tup
28774: This maven command will ignore any test failures and show the version of your project, skipping licencing checks as per specified in license file or not
28775: This Python script generates the average of each three pixels' values within an image. It does so by iterating over every single "row" and then
28776: Returns the string '?' followed by whatever is in `query`. This could be used to build URLs or other queries, depending on what you
28777: This function is used to get the UPS firmware version from different sources in case it'll not be found on one of them, and if none
28778: Returns the information about an object as dictionary.  The returned data includes name of file and other metadata related to it such number pages in its content(
28779: Adds the first element of both lists.  It'll work if they are same length and have corresponding elements in their respective positions, otherwise it
28780: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28781: This function checks if the username is 'admin' or not, along with checking whether passwords are correct. If both conditions hold true then it returns
28782: This function takes in one parameter "text", and returns the same string but with all non printable characters removed using Python's builtin filter()
28783: This function attempts to parse the input byte array using an instance of Parser class, and if successful returns True; otherwise it prints out 'Parser Error
28784: This Python function calculates the Binomial Coefficient using dynamic programming. The formula is given as “C((3/8)*k
28785: This Python function calculates the least common multiple of all numbers from 0 to 'n' using Euclid’s algorithm. The LCM
28786: This function returns the file name in string format with prefix and net number appended to it, which is then used as part of an output filename or
28787: This script sets the auto confirm user, email and phone number attributes. The values are set based on whether or not an attribute exists in request's
28788: This line of the given Python script checks whether num is divisible by three. If it's true then assign value 'mod_three=True
28789: This Python function takes in the current position of an object and returns its possible neighbouring positions. The 'coordinates' parameter is expected to be
28790: This line of Python script is creating an empty dictionary where the keys are column names from 'row' dataframe while values can be either "None"
28791: This function calculates the magnitude of an object's effect based on its size, shape and other factors. The calculation is done by adding together three
28792: Checks whether the length of data is equal to 'ncodeunit' in Python. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message
28793: This function checks whether the given key is present as an entry of 'config' dictionary, and returns it when found; otherwise replaces underscores
28794: If the input is 1, it returns 'zero'. Else -> Return an error message.   Code snippet used to solve problem
28795: This function calculates the fourth root of each input value, then adds them together. The result is returned as an output from that calculation process and not
28796: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of its digtis.  It uses Python's built in 'reduce', which applies
28797: This Python script generates the URL to access historical data of any given CryptoCurrencY on coinMarketCap using provided dates as parameters in
28798: This Python function checks if there is at least one row or column with all zeros. If so, it returns 'True', otherwise - False
28799: This line of the Python script resizes an inputted size to fit within another. The new height is calculated by taking 3/4th or
28800: This Python script calculates the number of padded rows and columns needed to fit an array into specified dimensions. If there is no remainder, it pads
28801: This Python function counts the number of occurrences ('char') within 'Grid' by iterating over each element. It returns that total as an
28802: This function returns the least significant bits of an integer. The result is returned as binary string, and it's used to determine if certain conditions are
28803: This function checks whether the input is greater than 0 and returns 'Square Meters' or else it will return as per default. The condition
28804: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the necessary information about Dockers. The keys are "dockerHost", “container
28805: This function checks whether the first token is an 'IF' statement. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or None depending on how many
28806: This script creates an empty list named 'dimers'. It then reads the file, line by line. For each of these lines that contain
28807: This function returns the dictionary representation of an object. The returned dict includes name and properties target as keys with their respective values from input parameters in JSON format
28808: This Python function checks whether the input `is_bool` should return True/False based on its case insensitive representation as either true / false strings
28809: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).   --> This line
28810: This function returns the position of an element in 1D array. The index is calculated as "row" times by itself plus one, then multi
28811: This function checks the dimensions of an array. If all are zero it returns [(zero),(-one)] else return [-One,(columns or row
28812: Returns the URL of all repositories in an organization on GitHub API using org name as parameter – https//ap..githu.../.
28813: This line of the Python script checks if "path" ends with ".zip". It returns True or False based on whether it's an archive file
28814: This function takes in an input string s and returns the same output as if all commas were removed from it using Python' builtin replace() method
28815: This Python script filters out the given list of 'pkt' objects based on their properties using function "'./filtering/_filterlib._py
28816: This is an implementation of the bit manipulation algorithm to count leading zeros in binary representation. It uses looping and mask operations, which are fundamental
28817: This function checks if the number is palindrome. It converts n to string and then reverses it, compares with original one; If
28818: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is then used in another calculation or function to perform some operation on it, which could
28819: This Python function checks whether the input is valid Binary String, and then returns its Complementation as output else raises an error message stating that it should
28820: This function returns the absolute of negative values, but leaves positive numbers unchanged. It's an example to show how Python handles logical operators in conditional statements
28821: This Python script creates an array of size 'limit' and initializes it with 0. Then using the value at index `k` as key
28822: This Python function checks the input 'code' and returns an appropriate string based on its data types. If it doesn’t recognize any of these,
28823: This script splits the input file names into individual files based on semicolon (;). If there is only one filename, it also split that name
28824: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first nonalphabetical character in that String or return all characters of original strings when no such al
28825: This Python script creates an object that keeps track of the frequency count and returns first odd number it encounters if no such even numbers exist then return None
28826: A list of the most common challenges faced in solving problems related to data structures and algorithms. (Note that "challenges" can
28827: This Python script concatenates the string 'name' with another text. The result is stored in variable `message` and printed out to console/terminal
28828: This function returns the string representation of an integer value. If it'd be true, then return 'True', else false or T/False respectively
28829: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers in an array. It uses modulo and division operations to get each number's individual unit place
28830: This function pads the string s with spaces on both sides to reach length of 'pad_tolength'. It uses Python' built in functions like
28831: If the product of 'streak' and an input number is less than zero, return that value. Otherwise it returns both values added together in
28832: This Python script counts the number of occurrences and returns true if all headers are present else it will return false or “None” depending on
28833: This Python script creates and returns an object with keys from 0 to 'n' where each key is incremented by the value of variable "K
28834: This Python function returns the corresponding string based on an input index. If no match is found, it defaults to 'unknown'.  The strings are defined
28835: This Python function calculates the semi major axis of an ellipse using its length and Eccentricity. The formula used is derived from Kepler
28836: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
28837: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
28838: This function calculates the number of pairs in which one element is less than or equal to another. The elements are assumed as integers and their values range
28839: This Python function takes an RGB matrix as input and returns the grayscale equivalent of it by applying some mathematical transformations to each color channel separately using nested
28840: Code snippet that creates four variables and assigns them values.  Variables are assigned the same value in each case but different names to show
28841: If the function parameter 'f' isn’t defined, return an empty string. Else check whether it equals to '-', and in that case
28842: If the 'video' dictionary contains an entry with key of either ‘Title’ or its subkey, return that value. Otherwise it returns none
28843: This function is used to find the 'similar' or similar elements from an array of dictionaries based on their "source codes". It returns all those
28844: This Python function is used to segment the input text into different parts based on separator []. If there are no separate elements, it will return an
28845: This function calculates the probability of drawing one key from ‘num’ choices, given that there are 'other' keys in another set. The
28846: This line of Python script splits the string "image" by ':' and returns its last part, which is essentially returning just an extension name from
28847: This function checks whether the input number is less than or equal to one, and then it further decides based on that condition. If not met above
28848: This Python function creates an array of four elements, each calculated as the difference between two dimensions in some way and then subtracted by half that dimension value
28849: This Python function returns the value of 'n' when it is zero, one or any other number. It does not return anything in all cases as
28850: This Python script uses the psycopg library to connect and interact with PostgreSQL database. The connection parameters are provided in an input dictionary called 'Connection'.
28851: This Python script tries to compare an object with the string "s". If it fails due some exception or type error then checks if obj belongs in list
28852: Code that takes an input string and checks whether it is "dep" or not. If yes, return true; otherwise false – one line solution
28853: This Python function returns the list of texts that match with given 'choose' categorical value.  It uses builtin functions like `zip` and
28854: This function checks if the string contains any digits. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all characters of given input '
28855: This function calculates the coordinates of four corners in which to place an object. The sides are calculated as half their length and rounded downwards respectively with
28856: This function checks the remainder of dividing 'len' by eight. If it is not zero, then return how many more times we need to add
28857: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28858: This line of the program checks whether or not there is an hyphen in third coordinate. If it does, then calculates and returns difference between second
28859: This Python script spawns the process specified by ```'python -m joblib bkill {}'``` in an environment where it can run shell
28860: This Python script finds the item with minimum difference between its value and given 'pivotal' number. The function takes an array of tuples
28861: This Python script generates the desired dictionary. It iterates over each column name from 'cashFlowColumns' and adds it to another string, using
28862: This Python script calculates the factorial of each number in an inputted dictionary and returns their product as one single integer value using lambda function reduction
28863: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28864: This program checks if the number of bits in an integer is even. It does so by setting 'true' when there are no more odd numbers to
28865: This Python function takes as input an RNA sequence and returns its complementary strand by mapping each nucleotide to the corresponding DNA base using dictionary
28866: This Python script converts the dictionary of student names and their respective grade points into another one with halfed values by using python's dict comprehension
28867: This function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula is derived from geometry and it's used to calculate areas in 3
28868: This Python script checks whether the string 'file' is present within another variable, and returns either one of two strings depending on its presence. If it
28869: This Python script calculates the number of remaining elements in each chunk and assigns them to different ranks. The last element is assigned directly, as it
28870: This Python function flattens an input list of strings, where each string is split into individual elements by spaces and then concatenated with the rest if
28871: If the string starts with {{, ends in }} then return it as is else wraps around to include both brackets on either side of 'value
28872: Checks if the number 'm' is divisible by another given integer, i.e., it returns True when they are equal and False otherwise
28873: This function calculates the number of ways to choose k items from an unordered set with 'r' unique elements. If any parameter is negative or
28874: This Python function checks whether two strings are equal, ignoring underscores. If the first character of both is an underline ('_'), it
28875: Code calculates and returns an array that is equivalent to adding two arrays. The function checks if both input lists are equal, otherwise it throws error message
28876: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28877: This line of the given C++ function is used to align memory addresses. It takes an address and returns it after being aligned downwards by subtracting
28878: This function checks the type of input and returns different outputs based on its value. If it's an array, then return second element; else check
28879: This script creates an empty list called "target". If the variable 'hex_count' is not None, it appendes to that target with two
28880: This line of the given C++ program is shifting bits to left by 8 places. It's doing an integer division and then adding 'off
28881: This Python function generates an unique name by appending the original one and its index. It uses while loop to keep generating new names until it finds non
28882: If the input 'None' or not ASCii, return an empty String. Otherwise encode and decode it to/from ascii characters only
28883: This Python script calculates the margining between two states based on their respective values of 'w' and/or ‘d’ characters, ign
28884: This Python function calculates the Contrasting Ratio between two signals. The ratio is calculated as 'Numeric' divided by ‘Denomin
28885: Increment the integer variable 'int_conditions' by 8 only when it contains an "I" in string. If not, do nothing or
28886: This Python function returns an object containing authentication details based on the profile. The returned objects are stored in dictionary format and indexed by 'Profile'.
28887: This Python script reads the file's extension from its full filename and returns it if possible, otherwise prints an error message to console – Code is
28888: This Python function checks whether the input is an even or odd integer. It does so by checking divisibility with two, and returns either 'even
28889: This Python function splits the string into list of substrings based on '/' and returns last substring if it exists, else return second to latest
28890: This Python script splits the input 'choices' into individual strings, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each and removes any empty entries resulting
28891: This function checks the type of `line_or func`. If it's either 'None', returns nothing; otherwise return whatever comes after that
28892: This Python script cleans the "description", removing any non ASCII characters from each string within it using list comprehension with isinstances(). It also
28893: This Python function checks the value of 'X' and converts it to boolean. If X is either enabled, disabled as string values ("true",
28894: This function converst ADC voltage to Analogue Voltage Divider current. It multiplies the input by ten and then subtracts twenty five
28895: This Python function converts all uppercase characters in an array to their corresponding, but one character longer version of the same string with underscores between
28896: This Python function returns the list of all indices and corresponding sentencess from an input tuple.  It uses nested comprehension to iteratively process each
28897: This Python script attempts to read the command line of an existing process with given PID from /etc/passwd file, decodes it and returns
28898: This line of the script is copying all items from `proc_data` to another list called New Data and then it's changing some values based
28899: This function calculates the product of two numbers, taking into account that one number is larger than another. If there's any remainder from dividing
28900: This function converts time in minutes to hours and vice versa. If the input is less than or equal zero it returns an error message else return
28901: This script calculates the number of GPUs available and their usage.  The "metrics" dictionary contains information about various system resources, including CPU
28902: This function builds an array of strings from the given list, but only if there are more than one element and it's not at index 0
28903: This Python function takes an iterable of integers and converts them into strings separated by dots, then removes the trailing dot if it exists to form
28904: This line of Python script replaces all instances in the string "wrongText". The character \U+1F3B7 is used to
28905: This function takes in an input value and returns the same number with one decimal place.  It is used to format numbers that are not whole or part
28906: This line of Python function converts Farenheight to Celsius by multiplying the input with factor .555556 which is
28907: This function checks if the given URL starts with "http:" or "https". It does so by using regular expression matching. 1 means it'
28908: This Python script creates an inverse DNA sequence dictionary. It then uses the reverse of input string to find its corresponding nucleotide complementary and joins them
28909: This Python function checks whether the required keys exist within an object. If they do, it returns their value; otherwise return empty string ("") –
28910: This function calculates the negative 1/4 log of likelihood plus two times degrees freedom. The result is an estimate that reflects how much we expect
28911: If the variable 'X' does not exist or it’s of type string then return X. Else remove first and last character from that String
28912: If the robot is facing north or south it moves one unit in that respective cardinal point. Else when its faceing east/west then move two
28913: This line of Python script builds and returns the dictionary 'board' with data from function "board". The result is stored in variable named as per requirement
28914: This Python function calculates the square of each number from 0 to 'n' and returns their total. It uses list comprehension with an if
28915: This Python function is used to generate the necessary data structure that will be attached as an attachment in Slack's API response when sending messages from your
28916: This Python script performs the operations of incrementing, dividing by two and multiplying with another constant. The result is then converted to an image in
28917: This python script calculates the number of times two lists are identical. It compares each pair from 'cooperators' and returns how many pairs
28918: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28919: This Python script copies the parameters from one dictionary to another using `deep copy` and modifies some of them based on certain conditions or transformations if necessary
28920: Warns the user with an error message.  The type and details of warning are passed as parameters to function, formatted into one line string using
28921: This Python function checks the value of 'Sat' and returns an integer based on it. If Sat is not one among ['None', '', ...],
28922: This Python function calculates the variance green index, which is used to measure environmental quality. The formula involves subtraction of two bands and then dividing
28923: This function calculates the value of t in terms based on gr and mi, where 'g' is an input parameter that represents group size or number
28924: This function checks if the dictionary contains key 'profilometry' with non-"na". If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned
28925: This Python script counts the number of times 'K' is divisible by any integer from ‘P’ to zero. It does so using while
28926: If the input 'is_str' or an integer ‘val’ equals to zero then return true else false; otherwise check whether it can be
28927: This function checks whether an inputted string is valid as part of the standard formatting rules used to identify emails, ie., it must contain at
28928: This Python function checks two numbers, 'y' and the result of their division. If both are zero it returns zeros; otherwise return one part
28929: This Python function converts the given datetime object to its Unix timestamp in milliseconds, or returns '-' if it fails due an attribute error
28930: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the 'data' object. If it encounters events with names that are already keys within
28931: Finds the index of '1' in an array. If not found, returns nothing; else it gives you its position  Code snippet
28932: If the 'TestClassMap' object doesn’t exist, it returns null. Otherwise return that class map entry corresponding to given case name; otherwise
28933: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on its period ('.) character, and returns only one part of it when there is no
28934: This Python function returns the result of multiplying block count by an exponential value, which is calculated as one point five times higher than its original number in
28935: If the input string starts with "%", it ends in %, then return that as an entire match; else prefix/suffix '%' are added
28936: This Python function calculates the value of an integer after rotating it to left by 's' places. The rotation is performed using bitwise operations and
28937: This function is used to get the history of moves made by specific pieces on an 8x3 gameboard, given its position and type as input
28938: This line of the program checks if 'b' is divisible by another number, i.e., it returns True when both numbers are equal to
28939: This Python script returns the maximum number of machines and target time in seconds as per given conditions; it calculates an average wall clock speed to get '
28940: This Python function calculates the net operating and capital expenditure from time series data. It subtracts OPEX, Cost of Good Sold(
28941: This line of the script splits h_nam into two elements based on '.' character. If it has more than one element then assigns to
28942: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - lengths in different sides and returns their respective
28943: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. It's based on Pythagoras theorem and returns
28944: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if each character at even indices were replaced by its ASCII value of corresponding characters on
28945: This line of the script calculates and returns an exponential value based on input 'dB' in decibels, which is then multiplied by ten
28946: This Python function splits each string in the input list by whitespace and converts them into floats before returning as dictionary values with corresponding keys '
28947: This Python script converts all non-"str" and "select", i.e., it only accepts the type of data that can be converted to
28948: This function returns True if the first character of name is an exclamation mark (!). Otherwise, it will be False.  The purpose here was
28949: This Python function takes in an input string of coordinates and returns the first two integers from that coordinate as tuples if they exist; otherwise it will
28950: If the length of 'hpo_line' is less than 4, it returns an empty dictionary; otherwise - splits line into three parts
28951: This Python script calculates the index of an element in its total elements and returns it as fractional part, which is then converted to floating point number
28952: This function tries to find the first occurrence of an object with given 'Name' from list "exchange['properties']". If it doesn’t
28953: This function calculates the sum of digits recursively until it gets to 9 or less. If number is greater than nine, then calculate each
28954: This function returns the namespace and name of an object in string format.  It's used to generate unique identifiers when dealing with multiple objects within
28955: This line of the given Python script is checking whether 'num' equals 0. If it does, then we simply set our answer string to be
28956: If the 'params' parameter exists in function parameters then return it with action and its value. Else just returns an object containing only one key -
28957: This line of the Python script checks if any notes are divisible by either one or three. If so it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
28958: This Python function calculates the degrees, minutes and seconds from an input value that is greater than or equal to one trillionth of second in time
28959: This Python script splits the input string into hours, minutes and seconds using ':' as separator then converts it to an integer format which is
28960: If the string 'is empty', it returns itself. Otherwise, nothing happens and just keeps returning its value until an end condition occurs which in our case
28961: If num equals to zero then it returns '-', else if not equal the function will convert number into String.   [1]_code/string
28962: A Python dictionary is created with the keys as specified and values are fetched from different API endpoints using 'request' module of python requests library if
28963: Returns true if the start of y is less than or equal to that in X, and also greater “than” some value. This checks whether
28964: This script creates two lists of dictionaries where each dictionary represents the targeting strategy to be used in an experiment with different combinations and quantities based on shot
28965: This line of the Python script calculates and returns how much more "real" an item is than its equivalent in another dataset. It does so by
28966: This function calculates the value of f(X), where X is given as input. The formula used in it's definition seems to be incorrect
28967: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
28968: This Python script checks the type of an alignment or reference sequence tracker based on its name. It returns one string that describes what kind it is,
28969: This Python function compares two strings character bycharacter and counts the number of differences between them. It uses 'zip' to iteratively pair up corresponding
28970: This function joins the name and value of an attribute into one string. The result is then returned as part 1 in list comprehension, which creates
28971: If the input is one character long, it checks whether its value equals to '.'. Otherwise - returns true or false based on comparison of lengths between
28972: This Python function takes in an input string, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from the given "text", and if it's empty returns
28973: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area in square units
28974: This script is used to create groups of properties and labels based on the first letter. The two lists, 'prop' & ‘lause’
28975: This function is used to check if the data and metadata are valid. It returns true or false based on whether all elements in both lists match up correctly
28976: The function checks whether the input candidate value has an integer type and its length equals to 6. If either of these conditions are met it returns false
28977: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two variables 'a' and 'b'. The values are raised to 7th power
28978: This Python script checks if the input 'method' is available. If it isn’t an option then raises and argument error with appropriate message otherwise returns
28979: If the columns are indexed and we're not aggregating then return 'None', otherwise set aggregate to count. Otherwise check whether there exists an
28980: This Python function splits the input 'string' into two parts at '/'. If there is only one part, it returns that as both MAC address
28981: "A package build system that supports multiple packages and their dependencies"  # <-- Summary line here. You can add more details to the end of
28982: This function returns the string 'Plang' when input is divisible by three. If not, it simply outputs an empty String and does nothing else
28983: This Python script repeatedly divides the input 'num' by its smallest possible factor until it is ‘one’. The function returns that unique prime
28984: This line of the given Python script removes all spaces from 'channel' variable and returns it as output, without any space in between characters or at end
28985: Changed the name of first line to 'newname' in array named `lines`.  The function returns updated list with changed value on
28986: This line of the given Python function returns 'sat' stored in memory multiplied by 10. The value is then returned to be used elsewhere
28987: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
28988: This line of the Python script performs division and returns both quotient 'step' as well ans remaining value in modulus form. This
28989: If the value is greater than or equal to 'upper', it will return max of two values. Otherwise returns minimum between maximum and "up" which
28990: This script is used to filter out the interfaces that have an 'EM' string within their BIOS device name, and then returns these filtered list of d
28991: This line of the Python script checks if "rse_nam" ends with "_tap". It returns True or False based on whether it matches
28992: This Python script calculates the total degree of freedom in an equation. The coefficients are stored as variables and then used to calculate another variable 'tdf
28993: This is an implementation of the binary shift operator in Python. It counts how many times we need to perform bitwise right shifting until `num` becomes
28994: This line of Python script calculates the number days in 1 year and multiplies it by three to get an estimate. The result is then divided
28995: This script generates two lists of IEEE Xplore's International Standard Book Numbers and the corresponding ISBN numbers from an input list 'identifier'.
28996: This Python script creates an array of indices where the sequence does not contain "-" characters, and then returns that list as output from function "create_
28997: This function calculates the average of two numbers, then returns three times that result plus one half. The input is assumed to be positive integers and will
28998: This function returns the appropriate suffix based on an input number. It uses dictionary to map numbers 1, ... ,9 and their corresponding endings like
28999: If the value of 'geoac' is either equal to two or one ('(geoa',')c'), it assigns an integer. El
29000: This function returns the cardinal direction based on degrees of traveled in an autonomous vehicle's pathfinding algorithm, with specific rules defined by
29001: This is an example of bitwise shift operation in JavaScript. It calculates the power to which ‘(n >>= 0)' should be raised
29002: If the list is empty, return it. Otherwise check whether its first element lies between – and ± up to but not including  ¹
29003: This Python function scales the given 'actural' span to fit within another range ('wanteds') and then shifts it by its minimum. The result
29004: This Python function generates an array of indices corresponding to the fields within some data structure that are hot according “multiple” conditions defined by 'or
29005: Rock, Paper or Scissor game. The player chooses either 'rock', ‘paper’ ,'scissiors'. Computer randomly select
29006: This function returns the first three elements of an array, and their difference from each other. The last element is calculated as '(array[-4]
29007: This Python function calculates the ratio of two masses. The result is obtained by multiplying one's and another’ s weights, then adding them
29008: This is an example of list comprehension, which creates new lists by iterating over two existing ones. It's not very useful or efficient on
29009: This function returns True if the product of two vectors is less than zero, False otherwise.  The result depends on whether one vector's first element
29010: This function takes in the name as input and returns it with an appended string "_VAL". The result is then converted to all caps.
29011: "A function that adds 1 to the parameter and returns it"	}}}}}}c = addOne(3); print("The result is",
29012: This function checks if the given 'text' contains any lowercase version of "keywords" and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition,
29013: This Python script is used to filter out non alphanumeric characters from the filenames, replacing them with underscores (_).  It
29014: If the variable 'subfolder' is not empty then it appends '/', followed by that value to end of current path.  This operation can
29015: This function checks the largest power of two that is less than or equal to an integer. If no such number exists it returns one as default value else
29016: This function calculates the average of Pin,POut and Per in one line using Python's arithmetic operators to perform division operation with two numbers
29017: This line of the given Python script multiplies ‘mult’ by 'gripper's joint values'. The result is stored in variable named
29018: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries containing information about each audio clip from the given 'files' directory using enumer
29019: This Python function takes in an input sequence and returns the same output, but with all occurrences of character T replaced by U – both as
29020: This line of the Python function checks if two strings are identical except their first character. It returns True only when they match, and False otherwise."""
29021: Convert all text to lowercase in the variables 'title', and also convert them into one line using string formatting or f strings if possible, as
29022: This is the formula used to calculate pressure in fluid dynamics. It's based on several factors like temperature, density and viscosity of liquid or
29023: This Python script calculates the number of elements that are different between two lists. It starts from index 3 and compares each element until it reaches
29024: This script calculates the precision and recall of AA predictions. Preciseness is defined as how many true positives are identified correctly by our model
29025: Checks if the string is less than 10 characters long and can be converted to an integer. If so it returns true; otherwise false or
29026: This function checks if the input is palindrome or not. It converts all characters to lowecase and then compares it with its revers
29027: This script creates sets of unique lengths from the list, finds minimum length among them and then slices all elements except first one. The result is returned as
29028: Prints the given string "Name".  This is an example of using f strings in Python. The '{}' brackets are used to embed
29029: This Python function copies the first segment database from `segds` and then concatenates all other databases into one array using numpy's vst
29030: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value in each subarray. The result is also returned as two separate
29031: This Python script creates two sets from the input lists l1 and ‘’'s, then finds their intersection using 'in', which returns True
29032: Converts the input string from Hexadecimal to Bytes. ...   // Continue with your explanation here ...    return
29033: This Python function calculates the average of all elements present within an input list 's'. The length/size or number "len" is calculated first
29034: This Python function checks whether the given container status exists within an object. If it does, returns that value; otherwise return 'None'.  The input
29035: This Python function is used to find the partitions that are 'stable' or have been previously calculated and stored using previous runs of an algorithm with parameters
29036: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29037: Code to check whether the URL is valid or not" ...   # Add your solution here. The function should return True/False based on
29038: This Python function calculates the ratio of compressed size to original one based on given probabilities and encodings, which are assumed as input parameters respectively."""
29039: This Python script converts the list of integers into their corresponding Binary representation using bitwise operations and returns it as string formatting with ‘’
29040: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
29041: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers.  The function takes in one argument, arg[0] and another number as an input parameter called '
29042: Generates an object with type 'Actions' and elements of button. The buttons are created using the given parameters - `{“Text” :
29043: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such arrays, it will choose only first from them based on their
29044: If the URL does NOT start with "/", it prepends one to make sure that there is always an initial slash in your web address,
29045: If both checkboxes are not checked, return false. Otherwise -> Return true as the program will continue to execute further operations based on these checks
29046: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract the directory part of an input string that looks like it might be related with bundles in some systems
29047: This Python function calculates the luminance of an RGB value by applying certain formulas to each component and then returning their average as per YIQ Color
29048: This function takes in the command signature and replaces all occurrences of '___' with '/', replacing '_' characters to space. The result
29049: This Python function returns the URL based on whether or not we are in production mode, returning either 'Production' url else it will return sand box
29050: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
29051: This Python function finds the length of maximum subarray. It uses two pointers approach to find out which is longer among all arrays and returns that
29052: This line of the Python script calculates absolute difference between two numbers and then checks whether it is greater than or equal to 'base'. If so,
29053: This line of the Python script splits string 's' into two parts at position where substring is found and returns them as tuple ('left',
29054: This Python script converts the values of dictionary 'results' to integers if they are strings that can be converted into an integer and leaves them as it
29055: If the key 'device' is present, return its value. Otherwise it returns none – Python Code Snippet to be used as reference or
29056: If `column_name=None/not set then return the current column name. Else check whether it's an instance and raise error otherwise
29057: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to shift bits in order not only left but also right. It does so by continuously shifting and counting
29058: This Python function calculates the four values based on given parameters. The first value is calculated as 'y' multiplied by some other variables and then
29059: This Python script generates an array of strings using the given key multiplier and numbering scheme to create unique identifiers with three digits each starting from
29060: This function takes as input an array of rows, and returns the same data structure with all its elements having equal length to that found by finding maximum number
29061: This Python script returns the metadata of an uploaded file. The output is in JSON format with keys "Directory", “FileName”, and 'B
29062: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29063: This function returns the quotient of p divided by 1 or more numbers in list 'q'. If any number is zero then it will throw an
29064: This simple python function changes the value of 'Player' from X to O and vice versa. It uses an IF ELSE statement in Python which
29065: This Python function checks whether the K8s Pod has an annotation with key "Kuberenetes Io Config Mirroring" or not
29066: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'TWEETS' object and adds each new Tweet to our "
29067: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from two lists. The names of these parameters are used as keys to fill up our
29068: This Python function matches the input string to match pattern of two integers separated by comma and return them along with their names in tuple format if matched else returns
29069: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'value' variable holds one or more elements. If it does not hold any element then assigns an
29070: This Python script looks at the last filename in 'file names' list and extracts an integer from it using regular expression if found, else returns default
29071: This Python script calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of two bounding boxes. The function takes as input four lists representing each box's vertices in
29072: This Python function checks the value of 'framework' and, based on that condition returns either ('CUDA',device ids), else it will
29073: This function calculates the ratio of two functions, and returns its square root. The summation is done with addition instead to avoid overflows in Python
29074: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer, and if it fails due “Value Error” then checks whether or not any of these
29075: This function returns the string "--". The dollar sign is added to indicate that it's an input.  It will be used in other parts
29076: This Python script calculates the highest point in an array of values, given that it is greater than some multiple less or equal to ‘decre
29077: This function checks if the first character of each string is "K" followed by one or more digits, then returns that digit as an integer;
29078: This function takes an esi id as input and returns the corresponding region name from dictionary. The ESI ID is assumed to be in format 'region
29079: Attempts to access the value of 'None' in dictionary and returns it if not found else return default values as specified by user or function itself
29080: This Python function calculates the nth number in FIBONACCI sequence. If 'id' is less than zero, it returns Zero
29081: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to shift right in order ​to make 'X' zero. It does so by repeatedly div
29082: A function that returns an object with the shape scalar and value property. The original Value is equal to its Interpretation of itself in terms as well
29083: This python script calculates the base by adding or subtracting five if necessary based on whether its final digit is greater than, equal to ,or less
29084: This function calculates the slope of an interpolated curve. The formula is used to calculate y values at any point 'y' in relation with its
29085: This function returns the value associated with key in Python. If no such entry exists, it raises an exception and stops execution of further operations if stop_
29086: This function calculates the index of an element in 1D array. The formula is simple, it's just multiplying each dimension by itself
29087: A function that takes two integers as input and returns their sum.  The return type is an integer because the result of addition can be any number in
29088: This function calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions using Pythagoras' theorem. The result is then normalized by dividing it
29089: This Python script modifies the input dictionary by removing duplicate values from its keys that have more than one value associated with them using set(). The modified version
29090: A Python dictionary named 'Spiders' is created with some default values. The start URLs are set, no links to follow and patterns of following
29091: This function returns the reciprocal of 'n' when it is not equal to one, otherwise return an error message stating that "Error". The
29092: A dictionary is created where the keys are tuples of colors and values represent their original form. The function returns that dict object which can be used
29093: This script splits each line of the input dataset into individual tokens using space as delimiter and appends them to an output list, which is
29094: If the object does NOT have an attribute named "to_dict", it returns its value as is; otherwise - converts that function into dictionary and
29095: This Python script adds an extra slash at the end of URL if it doesn't already have one, and prepends 'Participant/
29096: This Python script checks the "Error"-key in JSON object and returns an appropriate error or info string.  If it finds any, then return that
29097: Code checks whether the input string `id` has exactly 9 characters long with each character being either digit or from {'.': '.','.'}
29098: This Python function calculates the spectral density of an array using Fast Fourier Transform and returns it as per requirement by adding or subtracting some constant value
29099: This python function calculates the total distance to reach from point `current` towards target position. The cost of moving is determined by adding up three components
29100: This Python function parses the input string of comma separated key/values and stores them into dictionary format if they are valid, otherwise it prints an error
29101: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one with maximum
29102: This Python function returns the MCC and MCN in three digit format. The first two digits are from 1 to9, while third is
29103: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
29104: This Python script checks whether the string 'h' starts with either of two strings, and returns one or none depending on which is true in an IF
29105: This Python script counts the number of lists within 'data' dictionary items, if it exists and contains at least one item then returns that counter else return
29106: This function returns the string 'errors' if it is called with argument as filename.p4, else nothing or an error message depending on whether there
29107: Code is an implementation of the Longest Common Subsequence algorithm. It returns longest common subsequence between two strings, if they exist else it will return
29108: This Python function retrieves the count of runs per status from given time period and returns it as text or none, depending on whether there are no such
29109: This Python function returns two values based on the input parameters 'x' and whether it is zero or not; otherwise return z/d(z*
29110: This Python function checks the length of two strings and returns an integer based on whether or not they are equal; otherwise it counts how many times one string
29111: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given shift values and returns it as resultant output from subtracting 'delta' times ten
29112: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries from the given dictionary 'myDict' using values of another specific key
29113: This Python script checks the value of an air quality sensors and returns one out 4 categories - High Pollution, Low Polluion or Air
29114: If 'x' is present as key, then subtract the value of corresponding dictionary entry from another one. Else return string n_A
29115: This function counts the number of occurrences in one given text that overlap with another provided as input parameter 'Sub'. If no overlaps are found
29116: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value from splitting 'item' string on space character and taking second part which should be converted to
29117: This line of the given C++ function returns val modulo with an integer power. The result is shifted to right by 'n' bits, which
29118: This program prints out the string 'Greetings' followed by user input. (Code snippet not provided.)  ```java`
29119: This function returns the value of an integer based on its length. If it's two, return twice; else... etc., until five and then
29120: This Python function splits the URL into tokens based on slashes and filters out any occurrences of specified language token from these split parts if they
29121: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29122: This line of Python script calculates the number and percentage that each simulation will take up in total. The result is rounded to two decimal places, as
29123: This line of the given Python script multiplies each element in 'coord' by one million. The result is stored back into variable named "co
29124: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns the result of an expression involving these inputs. The expressions are based on specific conditions defined by variables '
29125: This Python function calculates the value of 'Rough' based on an equation. The loop runs ten times, each time updating values and recomput
29126: If the two bots are equal, return true. Else check whether both of them say 'hello' in different cases(case insensitive).
29127: This line of the given Python script splits 'myPackage' by its @ symbol and returns only first part, which is stored in variable "first
29128: This function converts the number of seconds since epoch time to days, given that it was calculated from January first day in year X+Y and is
29129: This function appends the value of 'X' to xData and Y, or else it calculates an average with respecting previous values in "
29130: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is calculated by subtracting one from another, then taking modulus with 'nb_card'. The
29131: This function checks whether the input string ends with '!' character, then removes it from end of that String using slicing operation [:-1]. If
29132: This function calculates the weight of each layer in an iterative process, which is used to normalize and scale down gradients during backpropag
29133: This script reads the source of an inputted note and converts it into text. It then returns that converted data as output to be used elsewhere or
29134: Replaces the first occurrence of key with its corresponding replacement in URI string using replace() function and returns modified version as output from program's execution."
29135: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns it as string. If not one out these types - raises value error with appropriate message about what
29136: This function searches the given string to find and return any text enclosed within "<>". If no such pattern is found, it returns 'None'.
29137: This function checks whether the given condition is met. If it's not, then returns 'false'. Otherwise - "true".  Code snip
29138: If the 'property' object does not exist, it will return default network. Else check whether http exists within property['Network'], then returns that
29139: This function scales the input parameters and then applies an equation to calculate 'scaled' temperature. The result is returned as output of that particular method in
29140: This Python function counts the number of opening and closing parentheses. If there are unmatched or incorrectly closed brackets, it returns false
29141: Sorts the nodes in ascending order based on their reverse lookup result from another function 'cl' and lambda expression is used to define sorting
29142: This function checks if the environment name and any of its associated variables are present as part or substring within another variable's value, which is then
29143: A function that checks whether the given integer is prime. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or "Number has no divis
29144: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29145: This function checks if the given list is strictly increasing. It does so by comparing each element with its predecessor and returns false as soon it finds an
29146: This Python function compares two lists, 'list_compare', takes the first element of each list as long they are equal up to their length;
29147: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can either convert to an integer or float and then splits it into individual elements separated by commas
29148: This line of the function returns an integer value from dictionary 'dict_cases' using my case as key to get its corresponding values in Python programming language
29149: This Python function creates and returns the transpose of an input matrix using list comprehension, which is one way to create matrices from lists or other iter
29150: This line of the script converts all characters in "question" to lowercase and removes any leading or trailing whitespace, then it repeats
29151: This line of the given string is splitting it into an array using newline characters. Then each element in that list gets multiplied by 10
29152: This function is used to process TA Q's trading activity report. It checks whether two stocks are different or not, then prints out appropriate messages
29153: This function returns the string 'Cache -' followed by input parameter `workflowID`.  It is used to create unique cache keys in distributed
29154: This line of the given Python script calculates an output size based on input parameters. The formula is as follows, l_in = Input Size;
29155: This function returns the last character of 'metric' dictionary, if it is equal to string rx'.  If not then an empty String "" will
29156: This Python function checks the value of 'prefi' and modifies it based on certain conditions, returning only one line as per requirement – "
29157: This line of the given Python script checks if 'Burgh' is equal to ‘North Rhine Westphalia’. If it does
29158: This Python function raises an error when the input is not in day units. It then converts that into number of full Days and returns it as part
29159: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29160: This line of the function calculates an error parameter, which is used in various machine learning algorithms. The value returned by it depends on parameters such as
29161: Creates an empty dictionary called 'minimized' and assigns the value of key named as Treatments in another Dictionary. If it exists then
29162: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'a' from another number, then dividing
29163: This function checks whether the input object ```has an attribute named shape``` and returns true only when it is of type numpy array with one column
29164: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays and returns another one with the same structure but where all nested lists are flattened. If no
29165: This function calculates the number of users and their total points, then checks if there are more students than these. If so it returns True else False
29166: This function checks if the URL is of type "https://www.[domain].[extension]" and returns true only when it's part from works domain
29167: This Python function converts numeric values to strings, removes trailing zeros and decimal points if they exist within the string representation of that number;
29168: If the input number 'n' is zero, return one as it represents an end of recursion in programming and serves to terminating function calls when
29169: This function calculates the Jaro Winkler distance between two strings. The result is then used to calculate Dice coefficient, which measures similarity as
29170: This function calculates the value of 'power' using bitwise shifting and recursion. It handles base cases when `n` is zero or one
29171: If the "latest design" is not configured, return true. Otherwise check if latest configuration has latency of "-1". This means that it's
29172: This Python function converts time duration in string format to number of units. It uses dictionary mapping the last character (' s', ': m' etc.)
29173: This function calculates the ratio of fans to total number. It's used in calculating fan speed and efficiency, which is important when dealing with bl
29174: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29175: This Python function counts the number of occurrences an item occurs within another list. It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each value,
29176: If the environment name is either 'Alpha' or Proto', return it as such. Else just keep original value of variable `var`
29177: This line of Python script calculates the circumference and area from user input, then returns it in one single return statement using f string formatting
29178: This function returns 'true' only when the input variables are equal, otherwise it will always output false. It is used to check whether two given inputs
29179: If the variable 'is of type List', return it as one line. Else do nothing and just keep returning original value in case its an integer
29180: This Python function calculates the weighted moving average of an input list 'd' using two constants and one interval as its parameters; it uses these to
29181: This function converts an integer vector to its corresponding string representation. The characters are represented by the ASCII values of these integers, which is then converted
29182: If the lengths of ref and hyp lists are not equal, raise an error.  This is to ensure that both input sequences have been provided correctly in
29183: This function checks if the given file system meets certain conditions to be considered large enough, based on its available space in bytes or number of files used etc
29184: Deprecated - Issues follow toggle endpoint.  Use '/api/{version}/issues{?param}' instead.";  	URL root is the
29185: If the number is divisible by two to power of three, return it. Otherwise subtract twice as much from itself and then again check whether that
29186: If the message type is 'EVENT' with an event key of WEEK TOP VOTES', return true. Else, check whether content
29187: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not an entry in 'bodies' list has URLs that start with either http://, https
29188: This python function returns the tuple with maximum value from given list of points. The first element is team name and second one has zero as its score/
29189: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one part from total number. The result is divided by ten to get percentage value, which can be
29190: This Python script attempts to get the value of 'request' and if it fails, returns "None". If successful then return that attribute name as requested
29191: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29192: This Python script creates an array of size N with all elements set to ‘zero’, then it iterates over the list 'queries'
29193: This Python function calculates the value of 'n' in an equation using Newton’s method, which is used to find successively better approximations
29194: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with hostnames based on the "fact" data provided by Ansbile'd playbooks
29195: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It does not do anything useful, but it's there to satisfy the type hinting requirement of
29196: This Python script calculates the difference between two timestamps in seconds. The timestamp is obtained from Windows system, and then it's converted to
29197: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It checks if the input value 'x' equals 10, and returns true or false accordingly
29198: This Python script calculates the average of RMSD values from an input dictionary where each key is its corresponding molecule name and value represents list
29199: This function takes two parameters. If the first parameter 'is an instance of class "float"', it checks whether second argument also belongs to same type
29200: A recursive function that calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It starts with an initial condition where it returns 'n' when n is
29201: This function returns the key and value in string format. This is useful when you want to convert data into strings that can be used as keys
29202: This line of the Python script filters out all .DSYMs from given file names, which are usually used to store debug information in macOS and iOS
29203: This Python function calculates the coordinates of points on an ellipse given their center and angle with respect to its major axis using trigonometric functions
29204: This line of the script removes leading and trailing commas from an address string, then splits it into individual parts using comma as delimiter
29205: This line of the script is used to specify that we want an annotation plugin called SpliceRegions.  The output will be annotated with
29206: This Python function calculates the nth coefficient of an interpolation polynomial. If 'n' is zero it returns ‘coefficients’ list
29207: Throws an error when the input is negative.  The condition "number<=1" ensures that only nonnegative numbers are accepted as inputs,
29208: This Python function is similar to the factorial of an integer. It calculates and returns 'k' times its own value minus one in recursive
29209: This function calculates the sum of all integers from 'j' to and including but not exceeding "limit" by adding up every integer in between
29210: This Python script generates YouTube video URLS from the given list of ID'd videos using an existing 'idsList'. The output will be another string
29211: This function takes as input the "recipes" dictionary and an arbitrary 'Step' from that list. It returns either previous or same Step based on
29212: If the input string is null or empty, it returns an blank.  Otherwise...   Code continues with processing of data as per requirements..    Return
29213: This function checks whether the string is empty or contains non numeric characters, and returns true only when it's either an entirely blank line ("")
29214: This Python function takes two inputs - 'objects' and an empty dictionary named affiliation. It then returns three values; the first is assigned to variable
29215: This Python function duplicates the contents of each list within 'board' and returns these new lists as separate copies, without modifying any original ones or
29216: This line of the program initializes an array with 'N' number rows and each element is set to None. It will be used as keys in
29217: This Python script converts the dictionary 'choices' into another one with keys and values swapped using comprehension method of python programming language –
29218: If the value of 'v' is less than 0.97 then assign it to both variables; otherwise do nothing and leave them unchanged with
29219: This line of Python script returns the first element from an iterable object. If no elements are found, it raises StopIteration exception which is handled
29220: If the HTTP Request object contains raw post data or body attribute then return it else empty string – Code snippet to check whether an http requests
29221: This function returns the key with maximum value from dictionary 'd'. If multiple keys have same highest values, it will return first one encountered which is arbit
29222: If the year is considered to be 'leap' then it returns an array with that information. Otherwise - depending on what type of date/time
29223: This function checks whether the given string can be considered as boolean or not and returns it back to caller based on that condition; If true then return
29224: This function checks if the authorisation headers contain 'Authorizatoin' or not along with Bearers token type then returns it as is otherwise
29225: This function calculates the value of an insurance policy based on whether or not it is worth to buy one more car compared with buying two cars in total
29226: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of its digits. If it's only one digit long then return that number itself else
29227: This function checks if the given name is 'Frank' in Python. 1/0 -> True or False based on whether it matches, and
29228: This Python function counts the occurrencies of each value present within an input list. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are unique values and their
29229: Normalizes the input data to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting min(data), then dividing it with range
29230: This Python function generates all possible substring combinations of the input string s and returns them as dictionary where keys are lengths/length ranges from 1 to
29231: This Python function returns two keys, "data" and the other one is not mentioned. The first key points to "/api/v1/" followed
29232: If the 'actual' is greater than or equal to "expected", return it, else raise an error.  Otherwise do nothing and let Python handle
29233: This python script is used to find the largest list of numbers that have been divided by another number until it reaches 0 or more than max limit specified
29234: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, then returns that list in reverse order using .reverse() method
29235: This Python script finds the last occurrence of '.' in string and returns part before it if there is one, else return whole name as result –
29236: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "text" that are followed by both newline characters ("\\x0d
29237: This is an implementation of the sigmoid function, which takes in x and returns its output as defined by equation y = `return_value'.
29238: This Python script counts the number of consonants and returns that value. It uses an iterative approach to go through each character within 's'
29239: This function takes in an input string and splits it into individual word. Then removes duplicates from the list of unique elements by using 'join'
29240: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
29241: This line of the script splits each element within ',' delimited string into separate elements and then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from
29242: This Python function converts the input into lowercase, strips leading and trailing whitespace from it using strip(), then checks if its equal with '
29243: This Python function checks if the input string "name," starts with 'http' or any word character followed by one of more slashes, and ends
29244: This Python function finds the minimum error in an input list of models and returns its corresponding index from another given 'model' or "models" array/
29245: This Python function checks if the last character of an ID is ‘0’, but only when it appears to be preceded by another digit.
29246: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'A' and returns two values. The first value is calculated based off of certain conditions in an
29247: If the input 'patc...' dictionary has an attribute named operations then return it. Else create one with only that single value as its operation
29248: This function checks if the file extension of fname is not .tiff and returns false otherwise it will return true indicating that an image can be processed
29249: This function takes in two parameters, an array of strings and the number to split at. It returns all lines concatenated together with no spaces between them
29250: This is the formula used to calculate torque from speed and power. It's based on Thrust, Velocity(V), Shaft Power
29251: This Python script finds the index of '.' in an input file name and if it exists, appends '.n' to that part before returning as
29252: This Python function returns the number of spaces or tabs at each level. It uses an iterative approach to count them and then it simply ignores all
29253: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
29254: Implement the function ```get_first``` in Julia. This should find and  returns first non empty string from an array of strings that is
29255: If the list is empty, it returns an equivalent of that. Otherwise calculates and return maximum value from each element divided by its corresponding one; otherwise
29256: This line of Python script is creating an identifier 'faultName' that combines three variables into one string. The format function in python formats the given
29257: This python script calculates the distance between two points in an image. The distances are calculated based on how much of each dimension is outside or inside its
29258: This function takes in two arguments and multiplies them together. It uses the builtin Python 'reduce' method to apply an operation on all elements
29259: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list etc., depending on what you want
29260: If the second dictionary 'D' does not exist, it returns first one and merges them together using Python’s update() method which updates existing
29261: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'result' an expression. The value is calculated as "(`b*c
29262: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
29263: This Python script converts the response from an API call into dictionary format. The keys are MAC addresses and values hostnames of devices found on that particular
29264: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'elmts' using their "key" as indexing into another
29265: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'd' if they are nonempty or none otherwise by using conditional statements
29266: If the value of 'val' is two or more bits set in binary representation. Then add flag="SYNC". Else skip it and
29267: This function takes in an list and two indices. If the first element of input is equal to zero then it returns that pair as output else checks whether
29268: This function returns the weight of an action based on its 'type'. The types are quoted, replied to or retweettet and have different weights
29269: This script is used to find an annotation from the given file names and return them as per requirement." SUMMARY END"   }}}
29270: If the input 'None' or empty, return an error message indicating that it cannot be processed as such."  Code explanation and usage of variables in
29271: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29272: This function returns the first two elements of an array. If there are less than 3, it will only consider as many available values in case they
29273: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space and checks if they are within or outside of an ellipse. It uses
29274: Code is used to check if the given number in binary format. If it's 1, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on
29275: This function returns the severity level of an application based on its CVSS score, with lower scores being considered as 'Low', medium higher and critical
29276: This Python function returns the current configuration details of an MQ server. The returned dictionary contains host, port and queue path information from previous configurations stored in
29277: This function takes two parameters, lat and long. It returns the string representation of these values concatenated with _ in between them using Python's built
29278: Return list of tuples, each tuple contains three elements. The first element is 'Label', second one describes what it does and third part explains
29279: This line of the function returns negative one times 'y'. It is used to reverse sign in case if input value was positive and we want it as
29280: This Python function tries to convert the input 'CVSS' into floating point number. If it fails, then returns `None` as an indication that
29281: If the variable 'name' isn’t defined, return an empty string; otherwise convert '_', which usually indicates space between names in text to spaces
29282: This line of Python script returns the flattened version/combined form or "flat" from an iterable object, which is essentially all elements
29283: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29284: This Python function takes as input 9 elements of an N x M matrix, where the number 'M' is unknown and depends on how many rows
29285: This function checks if the given 'name' is present as an element of list/array. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false or
29286: This function calculates the ratio of current batch to its burned in counterpart. It's used as part an analysis process, where we want our
29287: This function checks whether an object is present as key 'price' and returns its value, or else it will return '-'. (END SUM
29288: This Python function takes an input string, removes the trailing "K" or “M” from it and converts to integer. If no
29289: Creates dictionary with keys and values from the given 'dict' object. The key is "_key" which corresponds to "__v", another field
29290: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29291: This function compares the coordinates of two records. It returns True if they are equal and False otherwise based on their x & y cooridn
29292: If the divisor is ‘zero’, it will print an error message. Otherwise，it returns 'the quotient' of two numbers divided
29293: This Python script is trying to find the shortest path in an 8 by n grid using Breadth First Search. The function takes as input
29294: This function checks if the first, second or third element of each list on 'board' are equal. If they all match then it returns true else
29295: Check the first and second characters of an integer string. If they are both ‘o’ or all lowercase letters in ASCII range then it
29296: This Python script splits the input string "name" into parts using underscores as separators, then it takes last part of these split strings
29297: This script is used to rename files with different extensions based on the given tags and returns new filenames as per requirement or else it just append
29298: Appended the specified amount of blank lines to an existing document and updated paragraph style in Google Docs using Python'a googleapiclient library
29299: Checks whether the 'award' dictionary contains an entry with key named as Lot ID and also checks that there is at least one item from list
29300: This line of the script checks if all elements in 'set' are present as either “[‘GenoType’]” or [`
29301: This Python function converts the given degree value to hours and minutes format in 3 separate variables dd/hh:/nnn where ":" is
29302: This Python function takes as input the entity of type 'MentionEntity' and returns an object with two lists, one containing screen names from mentioned users
29303: If the variable 'to_be_checked' string value equals an empty space, it returns another specified text. Else checks whether `None`
29304: This function takes in an input string and splits it into individual word using underscore (_). Then map each of the resulting strings to their capitalized
29305: This function checks the type of an object and returns it as tuples. If not in these types then just return that value itself – i
29306: This Python function calculates the power of x to 1/n, where n is an integer. The result will be rounded off using floor division
29307: This script is used to split the dataset into training and testing sets. The ratio of data in each set can be adjusted by changing 'len' function
29308: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the values from "timestamp". The function returns these timestamped data points as one line
29309: If the input `ref` string isn't provided in any of its parts then return an empty list. Else it returns itself as tuple with
29310: This Python script checks whether an environment variable "APTCHNIGSRCENVVARIABLENAMEONLYONEWORDLONGITUDIN
29311: This Python function calculates the next power of 2 that is less than or equal to 'input' value. It uses bitwise operations and while
29312: This script is used to convert dictionaries and lists into one dictionary with the same keys but different values from another given list or dictonary  Code
29313: This function normalizes the data by subtracting its minimum and dividing it with maximum value. If all elements are equal, then returns zeroes instead
29314: This line of the given Python script returns how many elements in samp_one are also present as an element within another list/array, 'sample
29315: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
29316: This line of the script is removing all occurrences where 'embedshare urlcopy embed copy' appears as part or substring within any string it
29317: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the values of 'x' and "y" as parameters, then returns their summation result
29318: This function takes in one argument, phrase. It returns the same string as input but with double quotes around it to make sure that Python interprets and
29319: This function returns the string representation of whether or not an inputted number is positive, negative或neutral.  It uses conditional statements to return one
29320: If an 'Address' exists as keys within our dictionaries then return it. Else print out that "the Key Address isn’t found".
29321: This Python function takes an image filename as input, and returns the base part of that file's path after removing any leading "NASA_"
29322: Checks if the distance between two points p and point B is less than or equal to half of their respective y coordinates multiplied by some factor,
29323: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the list of dictionaries. The keys are set to be "path" values
29324: This Python function splits an inputted text into lines and then filters out any blank line that may have been introduced by the user in their inputs using
29325: This function returns the first tag in NER if it is of type 'B' or any other specific named entity recognition.  It checks whether its
29326: If the image is low res, append warning about it to list; if collector number ends with p or s -> add another one of them as
29327: This function takes as input the name of an object's class and returns two lists - one with objects that match its "class" attribute value;
29328: This Python function picks the positions of elements that are greatest. It uses an array to keep track if each position has been selected or whether it's
29329: This function takes an input string, removes trailing whitespace from the end of it and then adds newline character at its beginning to create one single
29330: This function returns the specified parameters of an FMV object. The 'year' and ‘stations’ are not defined in your provided context but
29331: This line of the given Python script converts an integer to its equivalent string representation, then concatenates it with other strings. The result is stored in
29332: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
29333: This line of Python script returns the result from raising an integer to one's tenth power. The '+/'- operator is used here,
29334: This Python function calculates the nth root of number using Euler's formula. The result is rounded to an integer and returned as output from
29335: This Python function checks the least significant byte of an integer. If it's not zero, return its value shifted left by one bit; otherwise shift
29336: This function counts the number of correct predictions made by comparing an array with another. The result is then divided to get percentage accuracy score from ‘actual
29337: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual elements using the split method and then converts each element to uppercase by joining them
29338: This python script replaces the "http(s)" part of URL with user and password credentials in it using string replace function, but only if they
29339: This function checks if the string 'x' contains any of an excluded list or not using regular expressions to ignore case sensitivity when searching within strings that contain
29340: This Python script generates an endpoint list that excludes any paths containing "/custom/" from the given dictionary of dictionaries representing API Endpoint definitions and returns
29341: This function returns the given language and its corresponding file contents enclosed in backticks.  It's useful when you want to include source files
29342: This Python function returns the list of tuple values from an inputted 'alist' where each element is checked against another variable ('key'). If it
29343: This function takes as input the name of an English language noun, and returns one among two possible values - 'He' if that particular verb is used
29344: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29345: This function takes in the 'text' argument and returns an object with "parse" as its key, which is set to value of text.
29346: This Python function flattens the given list of dialogues by joining all non-"None" turns into one string, and leaving other elements as is
29347: This line of Python function replaces all spaces in the string 's' with '%20'.  It is used to convert space characters into URL
29348: Raises an error if the input string contains invalid characters. 	Type of Error -> Exception, Reason/Solution(s)->
29349: This line of the given Python script is fetching an item from dictionary 'data' using key "process-" + id and then assigning it to
29350: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29351: This function generates an id based on the type of given 'Object'. If it's matrix, returns with prefix A. Else check its other
29352: This python function calculates the number of guessed elements in an array. It uses two variables to keep track and update power(i+=),
29353: If the input string 'p' does NOT contain any number, return none and replace all occurrences of two consecutive dashes with an unicode
29354: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29355: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'max' is greater than or equal to variable "J". If it does, then modulo operation
29356: This function checks if the coordinates of two points are different. If they're not, it returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on
29357: Removes the variable named "varname" from dictionary and returns it back to caller function/script – Pythonic way of deleting an item
29358: If vectors v1 and 𝑦 are not of equal lengths, raise an error. Otherwise continue with calculation as normal... . The function
29359: A function that takes in region name and coordinates as input parameters. It returns the dictionary with these details about each regions's information – including its
29360: This Python script is used to generate mock names from the given file name by splitting, reversing and capitalizing each word in its constituent parts of
29361: This function performs image subtraction and normalization, which is commonly used in computer vision tasks. The operation involves dividing the input images by an interval between
29362: This script checks whether an input string matches one of three predefined strings. If it does, returns corresponding message; otherwise return default response –
29363: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', and returns its corresponding
29364: This Python script counts the number of incoming and outputting TCP/IP traffic. It iterates over all given 'p'ackets ('list') with
29365: This Python function calculates the value of an atom's energy using its number, average momentum and total atoms in molecule as input parameters;
29366: This Python function calculates the number of parameters in an LSTM model. The formula is based on typical values, but can be adjusted according to specific
29367: This Python script attempts to load JSON data from the given URL using requests and then returns it as is if successful, otherwise return an error message or original
29368: This function returns the result of 3 times i plus one. It's an example to show how functions work in Python programming language, where it
29369: This script counts the number of partitions on each hard drive.  It does not take into account any other variables or conditions that might be present within '
29370: This program reverses the digits of an integer. It does so by continuously dividing and concatenating digit parts in reverse order until there are no
29371: This function returns 'True' when the input is greater than or equal to .6 and False otherwise, which means it will return either "1"
29372: The proxy server is deprecated and does not support the use of map functions in its API, which means it will stop working as soon you upgrade to
29373: This Python script generates the list of integers from 'fp' that are odd numbers and then shifts them to right by one bit, starting with index value
29374: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29375: This Python function converts input string to lowercase and checks whether it matches one of the predefined strings ("True","False"). If yes then
29376: If the 'species' variable isn’t defined, it returns “Unkown”; otherwise checks whether there are spaces or parenthes
29377: This script reads the first line of an ASCII file and stores it in dictionary format. The keys are column names from data while values represent corresponding information
29378: This function normalizes the input value to be between [min_val=None] and[max_val =  None]. If it's less
29379: This program sets the initial values of columns and rows to 0. Then, it iterates over each character found at "position". If an al
29380: Returns True if the last fetching operation was successful, False otherwise. This is used to check whether we have any data left in our cache or need
29381: If both strings are null, return zero. Otherwise compare the lengths of two inputted Strings and determine which one has less or equal length to an
29382: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into options using the ";" delimiter and then removes any leading or trailing whitespace
29383: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29384: This function checks if the given name starts with 'wav' and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition, which is used to filter out
29385: If the coefficient is nonnegative, return it as such. Otherwise negation of its value and base are returned in hexadecimal format with bit
29386: This Python function generates an array of Collatz Conjecture sequence starting from the given number and then follows through to reach one until it reaches '
29387: A Python list is created with 4 elements, all of which are set to zero. The element at index x + ...(truncated
29388: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29389: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionary objects and returns an output that is equivalent to applying each key from all these inputs.  It does
29390: This script uses regular expressions to extract the first group from each match of "(" followed by any characters until ")". The extracted value is then returned as
29391: This Python script splits the input string 's' by '_'. The second part of each split segment is converted to uppercase and concatenated with
29392: This function checks whether the first three elements of an input tuple are all zeroes. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned
29393: This Python script returns the parameters used in establishing an SSL connection. The 'return' statement is returning dictionaries with keys and values corresponding to different variables
29394: If the sum of all values is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise，it calculates and rounds off to percentage. The result will be returned
29395: Return True if all the parameters are within specified tolerances. Otherwise, False is returned – indicating that at least one parameter isn't in range
29396: This Python function generates the prime factorization of an input number by finding all divisibles from one to half its value and appending them if they
29397: This function takes in an input string, checks the length of that strin and then returns it with its last four characters replaced by first 3.
29398: This function checks if the feature is inside or on top of any peaks in an array, returning one string based upon that condition - 'featureinside
29399: Replace dots and commas in the string. 1 line solution using one liner syntax with Python's builtin functions `re` module
29400: This Python function returns the same result as its numpy equivalent, but uses list comprehension instead of map/filter functions to achieve it's goal
29401: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the provided arguments. The keys are "mcp" or just 'p' if no
29402: This Python script checks the validity of an inputted season. It raises errors when there's any inaccuracy with respect to year ranges and formats
29403: This Python script is used to extract IPv{direction} addresses from the given dictionary. The keys are generated dynamically based on 'record' and they
29404: This function checks whether the input string is empty or contains non digit characters. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true after checking all dig
29405: This function calculates the similarity between two nodes in an undirect graph using their degrees and number of edges, with some simplification to make it faster
29406: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space using Euclidean Distance formula and returns True if it's less than or
29407: This Python function checks the type of input and converts it to appropriate numerical format based on its content, handling special cases like '-' in front or
29408: This Python script generates all possible pairs of divisors that can be found within the given width and height values using nested loops to find common factors between
29409: This Python function checks whether the input string is one of several common strings, and replaces them with equivalent ones using some transformations before returning it as output
29410: This Python script calculates the Solvability index of molecules based on their atomic weights and densities, which is essentially how 'solvent' interacts
29411: If the file extension of an input string is '.', then it returns that same value.  Otherwise, None or Empty String depending on whether there
29412: This Python function calculates the heat index based on given air temperature in Kelvin and returns it as Fahrenheit or Celsius
29413: This function converts hexadecimal string to tuples of integers by converting each pair from the inputted strin into an integer and then
29414: This line of the program calculates and stores in 'maximum' variables, which are used to determine if there is an intersection between two boxes.
29415: This Python function is used to remove duplicates from the 'donor' list while maintaining their original order. It uses two lists as input - one
29416: This line of the given Python script splits an address string into parts using "/" as separator and returns last part which is "filename".
29417: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'sequence' with character C, effectively reversing it and changing every occurrence from
29418: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29419: This Python function calculates the seat ID of each passanger on an airplane ticket. The input is binary string representation, where F stands to be
29420: This function calculates the average of all values in an input list.  It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate and returns that value,
29421: This function calculates the sum of squares and cubes, then subtracts one half from another. The result is an arithmetic series with constant
29422: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns as is ie., if conversion
29423: This Python function returns True if the current window's active View has an id different from its own, otherwise it will False or raises exception in case
29424: This Python function checks the value of 'key' and returns it in lowercase, but only when its original case is not already uppercased or
29425: This function generates an HTTP link with optional headers and name parameters as per the given input dictionary 'Data'. The output will be formatted according to RFC
29426: A function that converts string values to their corresponding JSON format if they are not already formatted as such and returns the replaced dictionary with updated strings/values
29427: If the mask of both lists is zero, return false. Otherwise calculate and returns their bitwise AND operation result which will be nonzero only when at
29428: This python function calculates the value of an exponential decaying signal. The input parameters are emax, emin and escaledefines two
29429: This Python script generates all divisors of the number 'b'. It does so by iterating from ‘range’ function with starting point as
29430: This Python function calculates an approximate cubic Root. It raises domain error when given input is less than zero and it uses Newton’s method to find
29431: Updates the "articles' 'copy'" field of an entry with matching source id if it exists, else appends to list otherwise –
29432: This Python script creates and returns the unique, alphabetically ordered list of all distinct values from 'synonym' inputted by user or program
29433: This function calculates the ratio of two values, T and t_bins. It returns halfway between them as per formula given in problem statement
29434: This function takes two arguments - input and target. It returns the pair of these inputs as output from an external source or module that is not defined here
29435: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on '==' and creates an associative array from these pieces using name as key to values
29436: This function returns the "Damages Immunity:" value from monster data. If there is no such key, it will simply print an error message
29437: Code sorts the dictionary and lists based on their type using recursion if they are of different types; otherwise it returns them as given without any changes to
29438: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The result is stored in variables 'maxX', ‘minY' respectively
29439: This function checks if the input is an integer. It does so by using regular expression matching to see whether or not it contains only digits and possibly
29440: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variables 'xywh' minimum values from two bounding boxes. The four elements in each variable
29441: This line of the given Python script is an assertion that checks if length 'length' equals to number "distribution". It then adds or subtracts
29442: If the 'denominator' is zero, it returns "0". Otherwise calculates and then retursn result of division operation between numerators
29443: This Python function splits the input string by hyphen and assigns to 'part' variable, then it changes last part of list with given tag
29444: This line of Python script returns the result calculated by multiplying an array with another number, which is very large and exponentially increasing in value due to
29445: If the string input 'str' isn’t provided and either equals to one of two special values ('Other',‘Unknown'), then return tuple with
29446: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same output as it does with no duplicates, but using sets to track which items have been added
29447: If the 'manifest' dictionary contains keys like either “ContenTtYpe” or lowercase version of them, return its value.
29448: This function checks whether the input is True or False. If it's either, then returns 'yes'. Otherwise - no answer returned by default in
29449: This function takes two pairs of numbers and returns their product's modular inverse. The first number in the input is multiplied with second one to get
29450: If the lengths of two strings are not equal, return false. Otherwise check whether they're identical or different; in case one is longer than other
29451: This Python function takes an input string and splits it into key/values pairs separated by semicolons using the split() method with no arguments as
29452: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two given values. The first condition checks whether 'm' is equal to "two", and
29453: This Python script calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find GCD, which is an
29454: This function checks if the number is power of two. A positive integer that has only one bit set to 'one' in its binary representation, i
29455: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs by using recursion. It works as follows, it checks whether 'N' is less than
29456: This Python function takes an input string, converts it into CammelCase format by capitalizing the first letter of each lower case sequence found within that
29457: If the termDescription field in 'record' dictionary does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise split and join second word of that description with nothing
29458: This function checks if the data variable's datatype in Python. It returns True when it finds that 'str', otherwise False or an error
29459: This function checks if the given URL points to an article on DOI, returning whether it does or not based upon its content type and structure; specifically
29460: This Python script takes two colors as input and calculates the linearized version of each color's RGB values by squaring their original intensities before
29461: This line of Python script multiplies the value in 'variable' by .1679 to return it as an output, which is then stored
29462: This function takes two numbers, part and whole. It calculates the percentage of 'partial' out ‘total’ by multiplying it with one
29463: This Python script creates an array of strings by taking every two characters from the input string s. The result is then joined into one single outputted line
29464: This Python script uses regular expressions to find and replace the "--[keyword]--" comments in an HTML file with just its text up until that comment
29465: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the elements that are only present within one of them using list comprehension with 'not' operator
29466: This Python script checks the current system's up and running status, then returns different messages based on how long it has been since started or stopped respectively
29467: This function checks the status of an object, if it's cancelled or interrupted then returns false. If its running but no start time is provided
29468: A dictionary that maps the first and then last USB port index to an integer. This is used in function 'getPort' of class PortManager which
29469: This Python function uses the 'if' statement to check if an element is present or not. If it isn’t there then appends that into
29470: If the time difference between two events is exactly .76, return 'B' as it means that there are approximately one and half minutes of delay
29471: This CRC calculation is used to validate the integrity of incoming or outgoing messages. The input message, '(crccheck >>  6
29472: This function checks if the string ends with "B" or not, returning True when it does and False otherwise in Python 3+ using builtin
29473: This function returns the label at given position in an array. If there is no such index, it will throw and exception with message "Index out of
29474: This script calculates the score based on common tags between two sets of slide images and their corresponding photo IDs from an external dataset "photos".
29475: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, taking into account their difference and multiplied by some value. The result is then returned as an integer
29476: A function that returns an object with the specified structure. The 'return' statement is used to output or send back data from your Python script/function
29477: This function subtracts the given value from an inputted number. The result is then returned as output, which can be used in further calculations or
29478: If the distance between point p and bounding box center is greater than half of any dimension in its dimensions, then it's not within bounds;
29479: This function calculates the reciprocal of an input, where "odds" is assumed to be positive. If it's zero or negative
29480: This is an example of conditional logic in Python, where it checks two conditions and returns the result based on which one was met." (c
29481: This function checks if the given parameters are within valid range. The first parameter is between -inf to inf, while second one should be in [min
29482: This Python function raises an error when the input 'X' isn’t integer or negative. It then counts how many bytes are required to represent that
29483: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29484: This python function calculates the dot product of two lists. The input is four elements long and returns one element as output which represents their respective sums after
29485: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
29486: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' or not. If it does then return that value else returns an empty String –
29487: This Python function returns the result of an arithmetic operation based on whether 'D' is equal to one, and it also takes into account that when
29488: If the input 'Box ID' ('if...else') statement checks whether or nor an integer value has been provided. It then returns that same number
29489: This function calculates the coefficient of variation, which is used to measure how much one variable's change in value correlative with another. The result
29490: This Python function calculates the value of 'guess' after applying an adjustment based on its current and target values, using linear interpolation between them
29491: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29492: Creates dictionary of standard node titles.  If the title or type are missing, it assigns default values to them as per condition specified above;
29493: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns four values. The first two bits are shifted right by the amount of ones in their binary representation to
29494: This Python script creates and returns an n x m matrix where the value at each cell is calculated as "the product of its row index by column ind
29495: This Python function calculates the Julien day of year based on given parameters, which is an extension to standard astronomical calculations and includes correction due
29496: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29497: This function checks if the input is greater than one and also returns true only when it's not divisible by any integer from two to that specific
29498: Replaces the text in HTML with new ID and updated heading tag structure – h1 to be replaced by an empty string, all other tags are
29499: This function calculates the difference between two team scores and assigns it to 'd' based on certain conditions, returning an integer value that represents how
29500: This function checks the type of an object based on its value. If it's inside square brackets, then returns as array; otherwise check whether
29501: A function that checks if an item is present within the list. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false after checking all elements of given
29502: This function returns the square of its input. It's an example to show how Python can be used in simple mathematical operations like squaring numbers,
29503: This Python function takes an input string and shifts each character in the given sentence by 's' positions to right or left, depending on whether it is
29504: Raises an error if the arguments are not positive integer values.  If they do, it raises another type of exception with more specific message depending on
29505: Raises an exception if the provided 'Content Type' is not within its valid range. If it does, returns that specific Content type name from list
29506: This Python script is used to calculate the coordinates of points on an ellipse. It uses 'zip' function from itertools module and nested loops
29507: This Python function compares two strings character by char, raising an error message when they are not equal. It then returns how many characters differ between them
29508: This function sorts an array of dictionaries by the fourth element in each dictionary. The result is then returned as another list with all elements from original stream
29509: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'input' number. It uses arithmetic progression formula which is more efficient than loop
29510: If the lengths of two lists are different then return false. Otherwise check each pair from corresponding positions to see whether they're equal or unordered;
29511: This function takes in one parameter, 'word', and returns the same string. If it is an empty String then return that as well else convert first
29512: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'objects' and adds to it only those elements that have not been added before
29513: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "Building..." followed by any number of characters, and returns those matches as output if they exist;
29514: This function checks if the input list contains any negative numbers. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there are no neg
29515: This function recursively flattens nested lists. If the input `list` has no elements, it returns an empty array; otherwise - depending on
29516: This is an example python script that uses pandas to perform some data analysis on CSV files."""...   # Add more details here if
29517: A Python function that takes an array of attribute names and returns the corresponding values as dictionary. The input is assumed to be evenly spaced with one
29518: This function checks whether the given build parameter is either HG19, and returns true when it's so. Otherwise return false indicating that we
29519: This Python script splits the string representation of "zone['connection']['primaryServe']" into its components and returns only 'hostname' from
29520: This line of the Python script checks if string 's' is either equal to “True” or exactly equals with lowercase version, which are
29521: If the 'total' is zero, return "undefined". Otherwise calculate and returns percentage of parts completed. The function takes two parameters - `parts`
29522: This Python function converts every second character of the input string to uppercase and all other characters are converted into lower case. The output is then returned
29523: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two nodes in 3D space. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents how far
29524: Checks whether the length of table and stdstremas are equal. If not, it raises an exception indicating that you can't perform z
29525: This Python function converts an integer string to its actual value. It takes as input the filename and returns it's corresponding number if all characters are
29526: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It uses recursion to calculate each number, but it only works with nonnegative integers
29527: This Python script converts the timestamp into minutes. It takes in an input of 9 characters long string, and returns it as integer value representing time
29528: This Python function takes an input dictionary and the key to traverse, then returns value from that location if it exists within dict; otherwise return 'None
29529: Checks if any of the given strings are present as part/substrings within another string. If so, it returns True; otherwise false –
29530: This Python script generates an iterator that converts each token into its integer or floating point equivalent, depending on whether it can be converted. If the
29531: This Python function calculates the three values based on an input variable 'similarity'. The first value is calculated as negative multiplied by "sim"
29532: This function adjusts the learning rate based on an input parameter 'epoch'. The range of inputs and their corresponding output are as follows - 	if
29533: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
29534: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'CUREI' is set. If it does not exist then default to an empty string; otherwise use
29535: This Python function checks whether the value of 'val' is either five or six. If it does not match any one from these two values then returns
29536: This function flattens the inputted nested lists into one dimension using recursion and type checking to ensure only valid items are added onto 'return'
29537: If the result of an API call is 'success', return false, otherwise true – based on whether or not to continue with further processing in your
29538: This Python function checks whether the string starts with "-" or "+", and returns it in reversed form, otherwise return as is ie.,
29539: This Python script calculates the sum of ASCII values based on alphabetical order and position within word, ignoring case sensitivity but counting only letters
29540: This function checks whether the input is an empty or not. If it contains any underscore, then return true else false; otherwise returns "False".
29541: This function checks the last digit of an integer, then returns it as part thereof. If not one above mentioned cases are met; else statement is executed
29542: Returns the value of "check_readme" in dictionary 'answer'. If it exists, returns its corresponding string. Otherwise -1 is returned as
29543: This function calculates the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion to calculate, but instead it multiplies by "semi" every time
29544: This Python function checks whether the input sequence 'is instance of' string or not and performs different operations based on that condition; it replaces all occur
29545: Code: if statement to handle different statuses of lead pipeline.  If the 'lp_statu... is one among known, new or confirmed
29546: Defines the constant value of reference.  It is used to indicate that no specific object or variable has been assigned yet in some cases, such as
29547: If no path provided, return an empty list. Else process the files in each of these directories and store their contents into results dictionary with keys as
29548: If the input string is divisible by eight, return zero. Otherwise calculate and subtract from total bytes to get remaining size in bits or octets
29549: This Python function calculates the average time it takes to complete each task in an array of tasks. The result is rounded off and returned as one line
29550: If the variable's name or its corresponding data type isn’t provided in input parameters then it will return an error message.  Otherwise replace all
29551: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29552: This function takes as input parameters and returns them formatted into dictionary format with the key value pair being separated by "--".  It is used to convert
29553: This Python function checks the length of an input string, and then either returns that same value or replaces spaces with 'error' in case it is
29554: This Python script sorts the curve of data points by their first coordinate and then calculates an area under these curves using trapezoidal rule method to
29555: This function normalizes the data in range [0, 1] by subtracting an offset and dividing it with another factor. The result is
29556: Checks if an AS number belongs to the list of banned/reserved ones. If it does, returns True; otherwise False or None depending
29557: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29558: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29559: This Python function generates an ID by incrementing the last used number and append it to 'ID' list until we find one that is not already present
29560: This function takes an input of type str and returns the same output but only contains ASCII characters from original strings, if any character is not part then
29561: This function takes two arguments - prefix and the input 'string'. It returns an array of strings by joining them with "." as separator using Python
29562: This Python function takes in three variables and rearranges them to return the second variable as negative of first one.  The third output is zeroed
29563: This Python function checks whether the given 'year' is leap or not. It returns true when it’s divisible by both four and one hundred
29564: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and converts it into either an integer or floating point. If input cannot be converted then raises error
29565: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29566: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find it, which is based on
29567: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29568: This line of the Python script splits an input string into individual 'words' using space as delimiter, then it converts each first letter
29569: This Python function returns the last element of each list in 'ampsf' results. If it is ‘zero’ then return all elements from result
29570: Adds conditional formatting rules to the specified cell. The function takes in two parameters - 'cell' and an object containing properties of type Rule or
29571: This Python function checks whether the input ```None``` when it should return an empty string; also handles cases where there are no children of current item
29572: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the elements of another iterable. The new array is created by appending each element from
29573: This Python function takes in six parameters and returns an object with the source IP address as 'sr'c', destination port number ('dp')ort ',
29574: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29575: This script is used to generate the labels of machines. The output will be concatenated with each other and displayed as one line string separated by '+
29576: If 'i' equals to the same as "J", it raises an error. Else checks whether I is greater than J; in that case
29577: ... }	}; This script is used to get the authentication details of both dc and services in one place. The output will be returned as
29578: Converts the input to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace in Python 3+ using strip().loweer(), which is
29579: This line of the script checks whether an argument is enclosed in double quotes. If it does, then opt will be set to whatever comes after these
29580: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The result is returned as output from Python's builtin 'return'.
29581: This Python function takes as input an English sentence and returns the same string with every word cut to its fourth character long if it is longer than four characters
29582: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'start' to given number. It uses an iterative approach where it starts with one and then
29583: This Python script creates an empty string, then iterates over each character of the input "MyString" to check if it is not equal ('case
29584: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an index based on several variables. The calculation is done in such way that it takes into account
29585: Checks if all three sets of unique elements are the same in size.  If not it returns False else True - each set is checked separately and
29586: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and iterates over the input 'l'. If it encounters new keys, then they are added to that specific
29587: This Python script multiplies the value of variable 'e' by 1, and then converts it to floating point number before returning that resultant
29588: This function calculates the RPM of an object. It takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be time since last rotation or measurement taken and
29589: This script checks if two elements are present within the dictionary of dictionaries 'moa'. If they're both found it returns true else false or
29590: This Python function checks the type and value/content inside variable 'X'. If X's data types are int OR floats then it calculates
29591: This function returns the string 'FICTITO' when called with argument 0, and otherwise it will return either of two strings. The first
29592: If no request or limits are provided in the function call then it defaults to using these values. Otherwise when only one of them has been given return that
29593: This function iterates over the dictionary 'dict' and checks if either its keys or values are `None` using conditional statements within loops to print out
29594: A function to calculate the FIBONACCI sequence upto 'm' terms. The first term is always zero and second one starts from index
29595: This function returns either zero or one based on the comparison of 'x' and constant value. If condition is true, it will return "zero",
29596: This line of Python script returns colored text. The color is set to red using ANSI escape codes, and the string passed as an argument will
29597: Code is an SQS Queue URL. It'll be used to send messages from the client application, and it will receive them in real
29598: This Python function calculates the location of each axis based on its spacing and starting point, with an option to switch between left or right travers
29599: This Python function calculates the value of 'z' given two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from linear algebra and involves simple
29600: This line of the given Python script checks if any environment variables named 'debug' or ‘secretkey’ are present. If so, it returns
29601: This line of Python script filters out any empty or whitespace strings from the list "lines". It also converts all elements in that array to string
29602: If the number of records in an SQS message is “one” then it extract and return information from that record. Otherwise - otherwise;
29603: This function returns the string 'Hello' followed by an input parameter, which is presumably their names.  The purpose of it to greet them in
29604: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using an iterative method. The input is assumed to be list of integers 'a',
29605: This is an iterative algorithm that uses the Babylonian method to approximate square roots. It starts with any positive real value, and repeatedly adds it
29606: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value based on 'sampling width' which is then used to access dictionary values. The sampling function
29607: The main differences include syntax highlighting support by one language being more powerful than another; performance characteristics of each have been significantly affected when compared to C/
29608: If the input is valid, return 'Success'. Otherwise it returns an error message. (END OF SUMMARY.)   [Replace with your
29609: This line of Python script calculates the number or time in seconds that is equivalent to one day. It multiplies given input by all these values and
29610: This python script converts the byte value to binary string. It uses shift and AND operations, which are common methods of converting bytes into their equivalent bits
29611: This function returns the result of dividing its input by one thousand, rounded to two decimal places if possible and otherwise it will simply divide as is with
29612: This function calculates the Fibo sequence using recursion, but it only works with positive integers. If input is less than two then return that
29613: This function calculates the slope of an equation given two points and whether to return it in its opposit or normal form.  The formula used
29614: This line of the script is checking if "matchup", which contains alliances and their scores are present or not by using dictionary comprehension with an
29615: If the variable 'acccdfd' is not defined, return an empty dictionary. Otherwise it returns three keys with values as specified in their respective
29616: This Python function checks whether the input 'Flag' variable has boolean value. If it does then returns that Boolean else converts string to its equivalent in
29617: This Python script splits the given filepath into two pieces, excluding its extension and returning them as one string separated by ".", with no spaces
29618: Creates an attachment with the given 'option' list as its content and attaches it to AWS Lambda function response object if provided else returns none
29619: This Python script checks the platform of your system and returns whether or not it's Linux, MacOS或Windows based on its location in file paths
29620: Checks whether two input dictionary objects have identical keys and values under certain conditions – ie., they're both 'dictionary'-type inputs
29621: This function prints the host of an EC Instance given as input, which is then retrieved from its attributes using 'os' module in Python."
29622: This function checks if the first character of input string "code" matches either ‘’s in Python. If it does then returns True else False
29623: A simple Python program that prints "CanonicPythonBeforeBreadCrump" and then returns the value of 'breadcrumbs' variable.
29624: This function checks the input `value` and returns it based on its data types using Python’s builtin functions like 'isInstance', ‘
29625: This line of the program is defining four variables with names as per their respective bounding box coordinates.  The first two are from 'bbox1
29626: This Python function checks whether the input number 'n' is divisible by any integer from 1 to sqrt(N). If it finds such
29627: Checks if the 'iyr' field is present in passports, has correct format of four digits starting with "YY" pattern. If
29628: This Python function creates an array from the input list, removing duplicates by storing unique items into another new one and returning it as output – using
29629: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'documents' using only those fields that are present within '_fields',
29630: This function calculates similarity between two lists, where each element of 'y' is multiplied by its corresponding weight. The weights are calculated as their
29631: If the input 'dictionary' or its associated value ('None') does not exist, it returns "Not Found". Otherwise return that specific item from
29632: This Python function checks whether the number is even or odd. If it's zero then return one else calculate x to power of "r minus"
29633: This function returns the binary representation of an integer. If it's zero, then return false; otherwise check whether its evenness or oddess and
29634: This function checks if the input object 'obj' can be considered as string type with nonempty value after stripping leading/trailing spaces using Python
29635: This Python function filters out the given list of 'num' points from each element within an inputted "segs" object, and returns only those
29636: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' has boolean value or not and returns it as lowercase string when true/yes else false –
29637: This Python function takes an input list of strings, and returns the same output as if it were to run through another script that escapes special characters within
29638: This Python function returns the string 'Title' based on whether or not there is an overlapping kind. If yes, it will return that value;
29639: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an absolute value, which is then compared to zero in order check if it's less than
29640: This Python function takes in the string since and splits it into an array of strings using space as delimiter. It then joins two elements from
29641: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29642: This line of the given Python script is creating an attribute named 'uid' in each document. The value assigned to it will be unique id generated from
29643: This function calculates the product of two parts in an array. The first part is calculated by multiplying p and q, then subtracts
29644: Increments the value of 'a' by one and then sets it to be maximum between current values in range [0..3] or minimum from
29645: If either of the two input values are not defined, return false. Otherwise check whether their first elements match; then compare second ones as well in case
29646: If the input tuple 'dirtupl'e does not exist, return none. Otherwise it returns three elements of that ti...  [
29647: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29648: This Python function removes duplicate characters from the inputted strings, if possible and returns true or false accordingly based on whether there is more than one unique character
29649: If the given 'key' does NOT exist within an object, it will return its corresponding value from that dictionary; otherwise returns another specified `default`
29650: This Python function checks whether the attribute `hasAttr` exists on an object or class and returns its value in case it does exist; otherwise return default
29651: Replaces curly braces in the URL with double square brakets to make it compatible as JSON object key value pairs 01/3
29652: This Python script calculates the squares of two variables and then performs some operations on them. The results are returned as three separate outputs in order to demonstrate
29653: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The input is an array of numbers representing each coordinate, and it returns one number that
29654: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not South Latitudes are within valid range. If they aren't, it throws an "invalid
29655: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is normalized by dividing it with its magnitude squared, which makes sure that all
29656: This function takes in an optional parameter 'feature' which defaults to empty. If the feature argument exists, it converts that into its corresponding data structure
29657: This Python function calculates the square roots using Newton’s method. It checks whether input is less than zero and raises an error message in that case
29658: This function takes in the string 'name' and returns it with each word capitalized using Python builtin functions map() & join().  The first
29659: This program uses the Euclidean algorithm to find common divisors of two numbers. It starts with an initial value and repeatedly adds 'X' until
29660: This function scales the input between two output values based on its position in relation to another value. If it's less than 'X min', returns
29661: This Python function checks whether the input object 'O' belongs to class "list" or not. If it does belong in that case return as such
29662: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object's centroid in terms x and y. The input is four numbers representing two corners on each
29663: This Python script is used to generate an actionable report on the files that have been uploaded or hidden based off of their actions ("Upload", and/
29664: This line of the given C++ program is returning an integer value from bus voltage register. The bitwise right shift operator '>>' moves all bits
29665: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one part value which is equal to "one divided by max margin ratio". The resultant number
29666: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
29667: If no specific timestamp was provided or the input string ends with colon but has less than equal to five characters then it appends zeroes at end of
29668: This function counts the number of courses completed within certain criteria based on user input and returns that count as output from an API request to get course data or
29669: A recursive implementation of the binary representation. If input is zero, returns '0'. For other inputs it converts to its equivalent in base two
29670: If the number of 'seconds' is less than or equal to 1, it returns an empty string. Otherwise - continues with other instructions in Python
29671: This is an example of Python function that returns very large number when input value 'X' equals to zero, else it will return the reciprocal
29672: This Python script is designed to extract the keys from 'profiles' dictionary and store them into list named as ```suported\_collection``` which
29673: This function checks whether the length of two lists are equal. If not, it returns false; otherwise - true depending on their equality and return statement respectively
29674: This line of Python script calculates the angle between two points in 3D space. The function takes as input Carthesian coordinates and returns an
29675: This function calculates the amplitude of an oscillating signal based on its frequency and drive. The formula is derived from physics, where it represents how much
29676: This line of Python script adds two vectors together.  The result is returned as the output from function call, which can be used elsewhere in your program
29677: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns different values based on whether it's in minutes or hours. If not, then return default
29678: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
29679: This Python function tries to convert the input string into float. If successful, it returns `True`; otherwise if not possible due an exception or invalid
29680: This Python function calculates the cross product of two 3D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both inputted
29681: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is two numbers, ell and ‘mp’ which are both integers or floats
29682: This Python function takes in two parameters, an SNV object and the reference genome. It concatenates some parts of these objects to form one string
29683: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'json' data has an attribute named `in`grendits'. If it does, assigns
29684: This line of the given Python script is creating an anonymous function that takes in four parameters, and returns three new values. The first two are simply taken
29685: This function returns 'V' when the input is equal to ‘H’, otherwise it will always output either of two strings. The condition in
29686: This Python function splits the input string into parts using underscores, then it joins these pieces together with an empty space between them and capitalizes
29687: This Python function converts the input string into lowercase and checks if it's one of several predefined strings that represent true or false values
29688: If the input 'int' is less then zero, it will throw an "error" with message.  ```python ``` Code ends here::
29689: Returns an object with the URI as '/foo'. 1 line. No parameters or data manipulation required, simple JSON output formatting is used to
29690: This function checks if the last character of cell attribute "r", which is supposed to be an integer, matches with ‘0’ or not in
29691: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29692: If the attribute 'has' is absent in object tic then create an empty dictionary named start and assign current system timer to it under keyed by
29693: This Python function returns the first element of 'listOfCount' that has minimum value among all elements present within it, and is also at its index
29694: This script checks if the variables 'x' and/or variable "y" are within their respective limits. If not, it will throw an error
29695: If the aliquots are diploids, then it raises an error. It also checks whether they're monomorphic or bipomonadic and
29696: This Python function returns the last part of string 'p' after finding '/'. If no such character is found, it simply return original input as output
29697: Counts the number of times 'palabras' appears in each line. The function is case insensitive and ignores punctuation marks, so
29698: This Python function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list concatenated with each other. The string to be used between every element is
29699: Code is an empty dictionary. It does not do anything but returns nothing or the result of no operation, depending on context and requirements in use case scenario
29700: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as '
29701: This line of Python script creates and returns the list comprehension that is equivalent to performing elementwise subtraction between corresponding elements from two lists. The function
29702: This line of the script checks whether an object's monster type is 'dragon'. If it does, then that specific subtype gets assigned to
29703: This function calculates the number of rows and columns needed to fit 'number' into an array with dimensions specified by "rows" x “columns
29704: This function converts the first character of an input string to its corresponding ASCII value. If it's lowercase, subtract 'a',
29705: This Python function checks whether the input `x` can be considered as an array or list of numbers; If it's true then converts that
29706: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
29707: This Python function calculates the difference between two scores. The minimum and maximum of five different numbers are calculated first to find out which one is smallest or
29708: This Python function subtracts two from the input if it'd result in more than three, otherwise returns an additional value of 'three'. The
29709: This Python function returns the absolute values of all factors and one itself if they exist within given number 'n'. The result is sorted to avoid duplicates
29710: This Python function converts dictionary attributes to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace from the values of given dictionaries' items if they are
29711: This Python script generates an empty string and then populates it with the names of each individual Artist object from its list using their index as reference to
29712: This function calculates the sum of two numbers and then takes modulo 3.4e+07 with an upper limit, which is equivalent
29713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
29714: This function converts an IPvv address into its hexadecimal representation. It does so by taking the first two characters of each group in binary
29715: Converts the XML string to lowercase using Python's built in function 'xml'.transform('string'). The result is stored back into variable
29716: This Python function checks if the given query falls within any of our defined limits. If it does, we return False; otherwise - true and break out
29717: This line of the given Python script checks if all characters in 'w' are nonalphabetic, ie., it returns True only when there
29718: If the input dictionary is empty it returns Naan. Otherwise calculates and return average of all elements with their counts as weights or frequency depending on flag
29719: This Python script converts the given string into an ASCII art representation. The input is expected to be in lowercase and without any special characters or
29720: This function calculates the square root of product k, multiplied by constant 'R' and then times time variable "T".  The result is
29721: This Python function checks if the IP address starts with “x”, and then it verifies whether that first octet is either '8'
29722: This Python function calculates the distance between two points and then scales them based on that calculated value to create an offset vector in polar coordinates from one point
29723: This Python script creates an array of tuples where each tuple contains the index and corresponding analysis object from 'run' list. The indices are filtered
29724: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned based on whether
29725: This line of the Python script converts an input string to lowercase if it is equal ("True"). If not, then returns original value as in
29726: This function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The formula is W = X + Y, where 'X' and ‘
29727: This function returns the value of an attribute in case it exists, otherwise default_value. (code snippet not provided)."
29728: This line of Python script converts both the 'Tag' and Content to lowercase before performing an operation on them using string manipulation functions in python
29729: This function checks if the given object 'obj' belongs to class string. It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it does/does not belong
29730: This function takes an IP address or domain name and its corresponding optional ports as input parameters; it returns the respective values after performing some basic validation checks on
29731: Checks whether every required fields are present. If not, returns false; otherwise true – Code is checking the presence of certain keys/values within
29732: This function takes an input and checks its type using the `isInstance` method to determine what kind of data it contains; If 'dict', then
29733: This script splits the library name into major and minor parts based on hyphen (-). If there are more than one, it will take only first
29734: If the document does not exist return none; otherwise split into lines then check first two elements of each pair to see whether they are "- h," followed
29735: This function returns the result of an equation where 'A' is multiplied by input variable and then added to constant term.  The output will be
29736: This Python function replaces special characters with their escape sequences using the replace method of string objects and returns it as output." This is useful when
29737: This line of the program creates an empty list called 'flattened' which will be used to store all elements from nested lists.  It then
29738: This function checks if the input variable v has one of three types in Python - list type or dictionary/tuple.  It returns True when it
29739: This line of the Python function returns lowercase version and removes leading/trailing whitespace from input string 'word'.  It's used to
29740: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from 'pod' objects. The key is created by extracting "uuid
29741: This Python function takes an input 'img' which should be either of type list or numpy array and converts it into grayscale by div
29742: This script splits the input string into parameters and stores them as key/value pairs within an empty dictionary object named `paramDict` using Python
29743: This Python function calculates the average x and y coordinates of all points given as input. The result is returned by reference to allow modification if needed later
29744: This line of the script is creating two variables, "n" and its value being split by pipe symbol | into an array using Python's built
29745: This Python function replaces all occurrences of the character 'replace' with another one, using an alternative. If not found it keeps as is
29746: Merges two dictionaries into one, overwriting the values of duplicate keys with those from second dictionary if they exist and vice versa –
29747: This Python function replaces all occurrences of the string '-G' with 'Next Generation', but only if it is followed by an exact
29748: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
29749: This line of the Python script creates an absolute directory structure. The command is used to create directories in Unix based systems, and it takes two arguments
29750: This Python function attempts to divide two numbers and returns the result. If an error occurs, it will return 'float("nan")'.  The "
29751: This line of the given C# program is calculating and returning an integer value. The resultant number will be obtained by taking modulo operation with another
29752: This Python script counts the number of ‘zero’ cells on an input matrix and returns that count as part og its output, incrementing by
29753: Returns the string 'Favourites' if it is found within an object with key named as `note`. If not, returns None or empty
29754: This is an implementation of the Horner's method, which converts string to integer. It takes each character from leftmost digit and multiplies
29755: This Python function calculates the density of air at constant temperature and pressure. It takes three parameters - Temperature in Kelvin, Pressure as
29756: This function calculates the next value in an exponential growth sequence. The initial term is 0, and each subsequent increment increases by 'rate' at
29757: This function replaces all slashes with underscores and spaces in the given file name string, which is commonly used to create valid filenames
29758: This function checks if the absolute value of x is less than an accuracy threshold. It uses Python's built in 'abs()', and comparison operators
29759: If the list xs is empty, it raises an error. Otherwise calculates and returns its mean value by dividing all elements in that array with
29760: This Python function tries to parse the input string as float and returns true if successful. If not it will return false indicating an error occurred during parsing
29761: This function checks whether the class or method' s first character is an underscore ("\_") and returns it in different formats based on that condition;
29762: If the 'asset' variable in our function does not exist, return an empty list.  This prevents any potential errors when we try to access
29763: This Python script splits the input string by commas and filters out any empty strings resulting from such operations using built in functions like split(), filter()
29764: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29765: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29766: This function returns the dimensions of an output tensor after applying convolution operation. The number 'in' channels is determined by input image and depends on how many
29767: A function that returns an object with the given 'key' and its corresponding ‘Name’. The key is used to access data in another dictionary
29768: This line of the program is setting up variables to hold values from two different lists. The variable "first" holds one element, and 'second'
29769: This Python function checks two numbers, 'X' & ‘Y’. If both are odd then it returns the smaller one else return larger or
29770: This Python script formats the given list of strings into two lists, one with string elements that start by "S" or starts from index 3 to
29771: This function calculates the normalized version of y based on its length and whether it's one or more than 3 elements long respectively; otherwise return
29772: This Python function checks whether the number is prime or not. It uses Fermat's Little Theorem to check primality which states that n^p
29773: This function checks if the number '::String' inputted by user, then determines whether it’s positive/ negative or even. If both conditions
29774: This function finds the smallest number in an array. It starts by assuming that all elements of 't' are greater than 0, then it iter
29775: This Python function sorts an array of integers using the Bubble Sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^3)/6). It's
29776: This function returns an array of zeros with the specified size and data type as integer using numpy library in python 3+ version only if it
29777: Create dictionary with keys as the primary key and values from provided JSON object.  The value of each field is extracted directly or indirectly through nested fields
29778: A function that returns the pool's unique identifier and its associated job queue.  The returned dictionary is used to identify which worker in our distributed system
29779: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an hourly rate in dollars per kilogram, which was previously converted to cents by dividing it
29780: This line of Python script returns the last part after splitting 'prereleas' by '.', which is equivalent to getting just versioning information from an
29781: A dictionary is created with keys as data, coordinates and units. The values of these are assigned respectively the value 'pbb' all', elevation,'
29782: This Python function copies the input vector and subtracts each element from its corresponding value of 'height'. The result is returned as another copy, not
29783: This line of the script creates an empty list called "tweets_no_duplicates". It's used to store unique tweet ID
29784: This function generates dictionary of permissions based on the methods that start with "allws_". The keys are method names and values represent their return value from
29785: This function takes two arguments and returns the first one. It's just an example of how to create functions in Python 3 that can be used
29786: A function that takes as input an object 'rec' and returns the value of one or more fields from it. The returned values are stored into variable
29787: This simple Python script prints "Hello!" when executed.  It's an example of the basic structure and functionality in python programming language, which is
29788: If 'x' isn’t defined, return nothing. Otherwise calculate the result of dividing ‘k” by "“ and returns it back
29789: This line of Python script retrieves the value from dictionary 'data' using key as "Country Name" and if it doesn’t exist in that
29790: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29791: This Python script generates an empty string and then adds newline characters to it. It repeats the process 'i' times where ‘range’
29792: A Python script that returns an object with the given parameters.  The 'name' parameter is used as key and value in another dictionary which contains path
29793: This Python function checks whether the input is an even or odd integer. It does so by checking divisibility with two, and returns either 'even
29794: A dictionary that maps numbers to hexadecimal characters, with the digits from 'zero' through ten mapped as well and eleven upwards mapping
29795: This function returns the ID of an item with specific 'permission' from list. If no such element is found, it will return "None".
29796: “response” is an object containing various properties and methods. The 'attributes' list contains objects with keys as the property names, values are corresponding
29797: If the number of reads and overlapping regions are both zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate overlap ratio as "number_of overlaid"
29798: This function checks if the given ‘point’ is within or on one of two rectangular regions defined by '(minX, minY)' to
29799: This function takes two integer inputs, multiplies them by each other and returns the result. The multiplication is done in such way that it's equivalent
29800: This function pads all sentences to the length of longest sentence and returns paddings if necessary by appending pad tokens at end or beginning based on maximum
29801: This function checks whether the input string, 'validates' contains only one character long. If it does then returns true else false/returns an error
29802: This Python function splits the given string into three parts and returns an HTTP URL using these components in its return statement – it's used to
29803: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29804: Counts the number of times 'a' appears as first character.  Code is written to find out how many time "A" occurs at start
29805: This Python function calculates the sum of decisions, positive rewards or negative reward based on certain conditions. It uses list comprehension to iteratively process each
29806: This Python function replaces empty strings with the last item of its list, effectively removing them from it if they are not needed anymore or just making their
29807: This Python script reads text from file, truncates it to 49 characters and writes the result into another output.txt in one line of python
29808: This line of the Python script normalizes an input probability by dividing it with its length. The result is then squared and divided to get variance
29809: This Python function finds the last '/' in URI and returns everything before it as part of its return value, or if no such character is found then
29810: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29811: This line of the given Python script splits an URL into its components and then returns only one component, which is 'www' in our case but
29812: This Python script calculates the current game's difficulty by determining how many levels you need to reach. It does so based on an exponential growth formula
29813: This Python function converts Celsius to Fahrenheit. It takes an input 'n' and returns the equivalent temperature in both degrees
29814: ReadFileAsString -> FileReader""" (code_snippet): "def readfileasstring(): return open('filename').
29815: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29816: This function returns the maximum and minimum values of two regions. It does so by taking each element in both arrays, comparing them with respect to their respective
29817: This Python script creates an array of the same length as 'input' and multiplies each element by some scalar, then returns that new list."
29818: This Python function converts Julian day number to the equivalent year in JD. The conversion is based on an approximation of one solar month being approximately
29819: Creates an empty list of dictionaries, then fills it with the names and atom types from each MMTF dictionary entry.  The number is
29820: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the keys of 'federated_extensions' dictionary to get each extension details and appends
29821: This Python function checks if an array 'a' is either 3D, has only one dimension of size equal to the other two dimensions and returns
29822: This python script takes three RGB values as input and calculates the difference between them. The result is then printed out in descending order to show which
29823: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29824: If the 'fix' parameters are not provided, it returns an empty dictionary; otherwise checks and raises error when invalid names found in fix params that should
29825: This python script calculates the overlap between two boxes. The variables are defined as input parameters and then calculate overlapping area in both dimensions using Python'
29826: A simple iterative method to approximate the square root of an inputted value. It uses Bisection Method which works by repeatedly applying successive approxim
29827: If the "instance['tags']” dictionary doesnt exist, return 'None'. Otherwise check each key value pair of “'TagName':
29828: This line of the given Python script checks if last element in 'sublist' is equal to that at its corresponding position from end ('full list')
29829: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input string is "%.%". If it's true, then returns '/'. Otherwise return
29830: Checks whether the object is either of type Function or TypeMethod in Python; skips over those objects that are considered as special methods by python i
29831: This function checks if the command text starts with 'start' or not. If it does then returns True else False in Python language using builtin functions
29832: This function returns the last part of path after splitting it by '/' character using Python built in 'os'.  It is used to get file name
29833: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace using strip method, then checks if it starts with "
29834: This line of Python script returns the ids from an object named 'instances'. It'll be used to create another list with these IDS
29835: This function converts the input string to lowercase, and then checks if it contains either 'wgs' ('whole genomic sequence') substring
29836: Checks whether the point is within either of two lines.  The first checks are to see that it's not too close from both points,
29837: Calculates and returns value of y based off given values in function parameters, using simple linear regression formula to calculate it from provided data points' coordinates(
29838: This Python function calculates the arithmetic series with given number of terms 'N' and returns an array containing each term divided by total. The result
29839: This python script calculates the sum of two numbers and checks if it's even. If not, then halves that number until its value becomes
29840: This Python function filters out articles that are longer than 14 characters using the "len()" method to determine their length, and appends them into
29841: If the length of request is 1, return first element in list as string; otherwise join all elements into one with comma separator and returns it
29842: If the given number is 1, return "Element Name". Otherwise it returns an string with Element name and its corresponding numeric value. For example
29843: This function calculates the exponential moving average with bias and returns it. The 'decay' parameter determines how much of past values should be considered in
29844: This function splits the given string into an array of substrings based on '.' character and returns it in reverse order using JavaScript's Array method
29845: This function counts the frequency of an element within another list, returning zero if it is absent or divides by total count when present and available to avoid
29846: This Python script generates the required JSON object. The input parameters are used to create an id string that is then included in each entry of 'variants
29847: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).
29848: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
29849: This Python function checks if two shapes are equal in terms of their individual elements. It does so by comparing the lengths, then iterating over each element
29850: If no specific paddings are provided in the function call then it returns zeroes. Else checks whether to use same or different type of pad
29851: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'value_of(e)' from itself,
29852: This Python script calculates the sum of two vectors by adding corresponding elements from both lists and storing it into another list, which is then returned as output
29853: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29854: This function takes two parameters - 'number' and ‘range’. It returns the maximum value between "minimum" of these values with minimum from
29855: This function splits the input into two parts based on its type - either an integer or string that ends with '%'. If it's not one
29856: If the number is greater than or equal to one hundred and twenty seven, it subtracts two fifty six from that value. This operation was performed
29857: This Python function splits the string 's' into an array of substrings based on spaces, and returns one element from that list if it is
29858: This line of the script is finding and returning an element from set 's' that matches marker ‘’, which in Python can be any object
29859: Try to convert the date key into an integer, if it fails then return 'NA' – Pythonic way of handling missing data. If successful
29860: This Python script creates and populates an empty dictionary `d` with the same structure as input data but without any nested keys ending by ".0".
29861: This script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with key/value pairs based on the given conditions. The keys are generated by concatenating three
29862: This Python function is trying to return the value of an input tensor. If it fails, instead returns its original state which can be useful in debugging
29863: This Python function performs an operation on the input 'X'. The result is returned as output of that particular method/function in python programming language, which
29864: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the items of 'parameter\_dictionary' to create new entries with keys as original values
29865: This function checks if the labels and predictions are equal. If they're not, it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on what is provided
29866: This Python function splits the VFS path into two parts based on "//" delimiter and returns them as tuple of second part from left
29867: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks whether the value in variable 'x' greater than zero, and returns one less number otherwise it
29868: A dictionary that maps Roman numerals to their corresponding integer values. The keys are the roman numeral characters and each value is an equivalent int in decimal
29869: This Python script calculates the determinant of two lines. The first and second points are given as tuples in each pair on separate rows
29870: This function checks whether the input array 'array' contains only integers or floats. If it does contain one integer at position two of an even index
29871: This function takes in list of feature sets and returns the intersection between all these set. The reduce() method is used to apply an operation on each element
29872: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
29873: This Python function takes an string as its argument, and if the length of that name is more than 6 characters it will split by hyphen (-
29874: If the list has only one item then it returns its corresponding value from dictionary. Else creates an empty string of same length as input and fills with
29875: This line of SQL command will drop the table named '{table_to}' if it exists. The "CASCADE DELETE": part
29876: 检查代码块、列和中心文本中是否有任何包含编程语言的元素。如果至少有一个这样的地方存在，则
29877: This Python function checks the number of processors in your system. If there's only one processor it returns its own result; otherwise return maximum integer
29878: This line of Python script divides the values in variables 'y' and assigns them to variable "div" which is then used as an input
29879: This Python function calculates the mean of an input list. The result is returned as one line, which simplifies to "return sample" in terms
29880: Reduces hospitalization rate when given an increase in cases, but not more often or at all if it leads to lowering of rates due health
29881: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its equivalent in Hexadecimal format. The function uses builtin python functions 'hex
29882: This python function counts the number of times 'needle' appears as substring within given string. It uses sliding window approach to find all occurre
29883: This Python function checks whether the input number or string 'is negative' and returns either '-', an empty str, '' depending on what it should return
29884: This Python function takes two lists of strings as input, converts them to sets and then compares the lengths between these 3 things - one is
29885: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two variables and returns it as 1 if possible to avoid division by zero error in case one or
29886: This function is used to determine the name of an element in neural network. The names are assigned based on its position within array, with 'Input'
29887: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on input parameters. The calculation involves multiplying three parts, each with different variables and constants in
29888: This Python function iterates over the dictionary 'dict' and tries to convert each key into an integer using int(). If it fails because of conversion error
29889: This line of Python script returns the first item in an iterator. It's similar to using `next()` function but it directly uses built
29890: This Python script calculates the percentage of people who are covered by an organization. The result will be rounded to two decimal places, and then printed out
29891: Assert that the value of "field_A" is present in dictionary 'values'. If not, raise an exception with message "'Field A' missing
29892: This function returns the string " of c-" followed by an id.  It's used to generate unique identifiers in some contexts, such as
29893: This function checks if the link ends with ".pdf"; it does so by using regular expressions to check whether "result['link'] contains any . and
29894: This Python script creates the necessary HTTP header dictionary. The 'headers' variable is used to send requests with different types of content and encoding in an API
29895: This function returns the path to be used in file operations, formatted with suite and architecture names lowercased as per requirement of naming conventions
29896: This part of the script checks whether an entity is present as attribute name within 'attr_dict' dictionary, and then it sets up different lists based
29897: This function takes in one argument, 'Text', and returns the same Text unless it is empty. If not then checks whether its first character of string
29898: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the elements at every other index from seq starting with second element to end but excluding
29899: This function converts RGB values to YCbCr format. The formula is based on the ITU R BT61, which defines how colors
29900: This function takes in four parameters - the current rectangle's coordinates and two deltas. It then returns new x/ y coordinate of that point
29901: This line of the given python function is shifting bits to right and then returning modulo result. The operation performed here, "bit shift" in Python
29902: This Python script defines and assignes roles to users based on their string representation. The function returns an integer representing user'a level of access or raises
29903: Finds the first attribute of an object that matches certain criteria. If no such attributes exist, it returns `None` by default or can be customized
29904: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29905: This python function converts binary representation of seats to decimal. It takes as input the string "c" which represents one row or column, and returns
29906: Checks if two strings are the same, ignoring case and spaces. If they match return True else False or None otherwise depending on input string s
29907: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on underscores, and if there is only one part it returns that single token otherwise return
29908: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29909: This Python function converts user input to ASCII values based on the lowercase version of it, with some exceptions handled by returning original string otherwise
29910: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary dictionary and divides each numeric entry by the provided denominator to create new normalized versions of it which are
29911: This function is an example of the quadratic form used in machine learning. It's called "quadratic" because it has two parameters and uses
29912: If the string contains an equal sign ('=='), it splits by equals and returns formatted text.  Otherwise - does nothing or throws error depending on
29913: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from each key/value pair found within 'filters'. The keys are set
29914: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reversal of that. It uses built in functions to reverse strings using slicing, but it does
29915: This line of Python script increments the value in variable 'q' by 1 and subtracts it from another number stored at `(`
29916: This function iterates over the configuration dictionary and checks if each value has an instance of 'dict' or string, then it makes paths absolute using `
29917: This function returns the columns to be used in an SQL query. Depending on whether or … [truncated]..., it will return either
29918: This line of the Python function returns an array containing three values, each representing one color channel. The colors are represented in RGB format and these channels'
29919: This function returns zero when the input is less than or equal to zero, and it's square rooted version of 'x^(3
29920: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29921: This Python function checks whether the input object is "callabale" or not and performs different operations based on that condition; otherwise it computes h
29922: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average length from k first elements in 'matches' list. 0 is considered as
29923: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29924: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
29925: This function checks whether the input variable "is an instance of list or tuples" and also verifies that it does not have any attributes.
29926: This Python script counts the number of elements less than an input 'strip' value. The result is then printed out as output, which indicates how many
29927: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29928: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29929: This line of the script splits input string into lines, then filters out any empty and starting with "return" strings using Python's built in
29930: If the string 'S' is zero length and integer variable "L" also equals to Zero, then return value will be zeroth(
29931: This Python script uses nested loops to traverses the given 3D array. It checks if an element is equal as 'one' and then
29932: This Python script creates and returns two lists. The first one is an arithmetic progression of numbers from the maximum value to zero starting at 'incre
29933: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. It does so by repeatedly subtracting the remainder of division and modulus operation until
29934: This Python function takes an input string, removes double quotes and single quote from the given entry to make it suitable as part of another data processing task in
29935: This Python function takes an input string of time in the format HHMMSS and converts it into seconds. The hours are converted to minutes by
29936: If the given 'currency' is NOT found within our map, it will return that same value. Otherwise - returns its corresponding mapped/value from dictionary
29937: This is an example of Python function that returns the reciprocal or inverse value. The input 'v' determines which part to return, and it
29938: This Python script checks the version of your current python installation and then sets up appropriate command lines based on that information to be executed by setuptools or pip
29939: If the 'index' variable isn’t provided, return nothing. Otherwise check whether it‘s negative; in that case calculate and then returned as
29940: Throw an error when the input is less than one, and returns immediately in case of positive numbers. Otherwise it calls itself recursively with two arguments
29941: This Python script is used to normalise the variation descriptor of TSC – g . It takes in parameters and returns normalized dictionary with all required details
29942: Removes specified keys from the dictionary.  Keys are "key1","key3" etc., and they're not mutable, i
29943: This function calculates the maximum value of an array. It then subtracts that from another number, multiplies by iteration/n iterations and adds
29944: If the length of 'shap' is 1, return its only element. Else call itself with argument as sliced list from index one
29945: This Python function checks the type of an element and performs different operations based on its types. If it's not one among 'int', ‘
29946: This line of the program returns negative value from first element in array. The second one is just returning its own as it's not doing any operation
29947: This function returns the maximum value in each dimension of walls list. It adds 1 to these values because we are counting from zero and not one as
29948: This function checks the type of an object and returns its name. If it is analysis, then return analyses; otherwise append s to end with returned value
29949: If the input number 'n' is zero, return zeros. Otherwise calculate and returns result of type float divided by value stored in variable "tp
29950: This function checks whether the given longitude is within valid range. 183 degrees to either side of equator inclusively, ie
29951: A function that takes an input string and splits it into key/value pairs using the ':' character as separator then converts these values to
29952: This function takes in two arguments. If the length of 'GenoType' is  equal to  === 3 then it returns first and second
29953: This function checks whether the string contains any of three keywords related to RNAs, ribosomes and transcipts. If it does then
29954: This function returns the columns to be used in creating an annotation file.  The first column is 'Sample ID', which will later contain sample names from
29955: This line of the given C++ program is returning an expression that results in shifting bits to left by 'offset' places. The resultant number,
29956: This function calculates the percentage of elements in seq that are less than or equal to x. It returns an integer representing such percentages, rounded
29957: This line of Python script joins all the individual elements in an input list with spaces between them, effectively splitting and joining strings into one long string separated by
29958: This Python function splits the given string into sections using '.' as delimiter and then tries to get those parts from configuration dictionary with these keys
29959: This Python script is used to filter out the items from 'tests' list based on their first element. It also sorts all second elements of these filtered
29960: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses recursion and modulo operation in order not only
29961: This Python script splits the input string into key/value pairs, then stores them as dictionary entries with keys being values from second part of each pair
29962: Throws an error when the input 'n' is not greater than 1. This condition checks whether or no value of variable ```"`
29963: Code defines an empty list of arguments and dictionary to hold keyworded argument values from the given Python function's 'script'. It then iterates over
29964: This function parses the output of an analysis script to extract both total and elasped times from it using regular expressions – useful when dealing with scripts
29965: This Python function takes in the dictionary `ctr_inf` and returns three values as strings. The first two are taken from that same key 'key
29966: This Python script replaces each nucleotide of the DNA sequence with its complementary one. The reverse order is used to avoid changing already reversed
29967: This line of Python script reverses the order or sequence in which elements are stored. It is very useful when dealing with strings, lists and other sequences
29968: This function converts the first character of each line to lowercase, and replaces any two characters that are colons with an underscore followed by
29969: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an inverse ratio. The result is used to determine whether or not it's possible that two objects
29970: This Python function converts the given number of seconds into hours, minutes and remaining time. The output is in dictionary format with "hours", “
29971: This function takes an object as input; it checks the type of that objecT using `isInstance` method to determine what kind/type its
29972: This function replaces the curly brackets { } with @{} and {} respectively in Python's string replace method, which is used to substitute
29973: This line of the program is setting 'x' to be equal with value from variable "c" and assigning it an index that will give us
29974: This Python function calculates the mean of an input list. It first finds out how many elements are in 'list' and then sums up all those
29975: This function calculates the value of an equation using polynomial regression. The coefficients are calculated based on given values and then used to calculate new predicted results in
29976: This Python script attempts to convert each string in the input file into an integer and store them all within another data structure like List or Tuple etc.,
29977: This Python function converts an array into string format. The output is enclosed by curly braces {}. Each element of the input list,
29978: This Python script is used to filter out duplicates from the list of packages installed using PIP. The resultant output will be an alphabetically
29979: If the first or second strings are empty, returns an emtpy String. Else checks whether two adjacent characters in both Strings match and then
29980: This Python function splits each word in the input string and returns either second or last element of list if it's only one item, otherwise return
29981: This function returns the string '<name>' with server type converted to lowercase and appended before it, then prefixed by x-.
29982: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29983: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
29984: This line of the given Python function is calculating an adaptive average. It's using iterative method to calculate mean and updating it with new data
29985: A simple python script that calculates the density of an object with constant mass and uniform volume using given parameters 'k' as its concentration rate parameter which
29986: This Python function generates two lists from an input line of text by finding the positions where it encounters 'marker'. The first list contains all occur
29987: If the input 'object' isn’t of type ‘Dictionary', return it as such; otherwise process each item within that Dictionary and check whether
29988: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
29989: This function calculates the number of frames to be rendered in one second. It takes into account both frame rate and elapsed seconds, thus giving an
29990: If the key "length" exists, it checks whether its value can be evaluated as an expression. Otherwise returns original length of object/string specified by
29991: This Python function calculates the similarity between two strings by comparing their lengths and then compares each character of both. It also takes into account that one
29992: This Python function splits the input string of parameters into key/values pairs and returns them as dictionary format if successful; otherwise it will return an empty
29993: This line of the given Python script returns all matches where either team is not equal to 'Home Team' or vice versa.  It uses l
29994: This Python function returns the list of all active/running instances with matching status as inputted by user from given dictionary 'services'.  The output is
29995: This Python function sorts an array using the insertion sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^3)/6). It's not efficient
29996: This Python script converts the input dictionary into an output one by taking absolute value of each element and rounding it to nearest integer using provided scale factor
29997: This function returns the remainder of integer division by three. It starts from one and increments with each call, wrapping around to zero when it reaches
29998: This line of the given Python script returns an HTTP GET request with "?" in between, which is used to send data as parameters within URLs and
29999: This function checks if the length of 'username' variable meets certain conditions, namely it should be between 5 to less than or equal with  1
30000: This Python function tries to return the value of "config['CONFIG_VERSION']['OLDEST_COMPATIBLE']". If it doesn'
30001: Checks if the keys of 'requested' dictionary match with those present within metadata and returns true or false based on whether they are equal, else
30002: If the accuracy rate is less than or equal to .3%, return an amount scaled by some factor of 'scale'. Else, check next condition
30003: This line of Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points. The function 'sum' is used to add up all elements in an iter
30004: If either of the variables ```(or both if they are not set to anything, but one isn’t).``` This line checks whether two
30005: This function calculates the normalized frequency of an event in relation to its time span. The result is returned as 'normalized\_frequenc'
30006: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into list of substrings based on underscore character and then removes the last substring from that
30007: This function takes an integer as input and returns the difference between 0xFFFF_F8FF (-(n)) or "negative" of `
30008: This line of the script is finding and returning part or first string from "/Identify" command. If it doesn't exist, then returns original
30009: This Python function splits the version string into its components, checks if there are less than three parts and returns zero in such cases; otherwise it calcul
30010: This line of the Python function checks if two variables are not equal. It returns True when they're unequal, and False otherwise - one way
30011: This line of the Python script calculates energy content based on temperature and concentration values, but only when they are not too small to avoid division by zero
30012: This is the formula used to calculate distance between two points in 3D space. It's based on Euclidean Distance and works with any
30013: This function calculates the number of times an interval between two numbers should be divided to get one whole unit. If either or both parameters are not valid
30014: If the 'manifest' dictionary doesnt contain key named as projects, return none. Else iterates over all keys of `manifests`
30015: If both lists are empty, return an empy dictionary. Otherwise check the length of two list; if they're equal in size one
30016: This Python script is used to extract the keys from each dictionary within an input list of dictionaries and return them as one long sequence, sorted alphabet
30017: Goes into every subdirectory and changes its working path in order, then returns back up one level"""  Code explanation/usage example is not provided
30018: Removes the file extension from filename.  It does not affect any other part of string if there is no match found in regex pattern or it'
30019: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'number' by N places. The resultant value will be stored
30020: This function returns the value divided by one thousandth of itself, raised to orders places in powers and then returns it as an integer if possible or float
30021: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - just keep returning value of variable. This function will always be called
30022: This function takes two bounding boxes and returns the smallest possible box that encloses both. The four coordinates of each corner are calculated by taking minimum
30023: This Python function calculates the Area Under Curve of Receiver Operating Characteristic curve. The AUC is calculated by summing up all true
30024: Returns the FFT of an array.  The function 'return' is used to output data from your program, and in Python it can be done
30025: “Returns the given Cursor object in String format”   Expected Outputs/Results are not provided, so no specific output is expected from
30026: This line of the program converts each character in an input string to its ASCII value. The result is stored into 'ascii_c
30027: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator. The function `divmod` from Julia's base package provides us
30028: This line of Python script checks whether the word 'Rdkit' or its variant, ie., two dimensional is present within given input and repl
30029: This function returns the concatenation of name, timestamp and data separated by an ampersand. The result is enclosed in square brackets on both
30030: Attempts to read the calibration file and print its first line if it exists; otherwise prints an error message indicating that there is no such filename or
30031: This line of the Python script is checking whether 'strands' equals to + or not. If it does then return values from function as per condition
30032: This Python script converts all lowercase characters to upper case and creates new tuples with the original character as one element, if it's
30033: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it as string. If its boolean value then return *True*. Else check whether that'
30034: This Python function counts the number of characters that are different between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both string and incrementing if they
30035: A Python function that creates and returns an empty python dict. It then iterates over the list of dictionaries provided, adding each one to our new
30036: This Python function calculates the proportion of positive numbers and negative ones from an array. The result is returned as three values representing proportions respectively - one
30037: This Python function generates the first N numbers in an iterative sequence that is based on Hammings numbering system where each new term multiplies by
30038: If the ids are either of one is missing, raise an error. Otherwise return formatted string with both swapped values from dictionary 'swaps'.
30039: If the key 'results' is found within given dictionary then return its value. Else print out error message and raise an exception with updated function name
30040: This Python script returns the flattened list of elements from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
30041: This python function is used to adjust the gain of an audio file. The parameters are command, target_parameter and value which can be adjusted by using
30042: If the attribute "benckmarhk id" exists in incoming HTTP Request object then return its value else returns default null or none depending on whether
30043: This Python function checks whether the input is one of two specific numbers. If it's not an expected value or outlier then returns false; otherwise
30044: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It does not do anything useful in the current context of its name, but it's there to satisfy
30045: This Python function converts all uppercase letters of the input string to lower case. It does not change any other characters, and it returns an output
30046: This Python script creates an empty list with the same length as 'smooth normalized files' and then fills it by adding elements from each of its sublists
30047: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30048: Checks whether the first row of ‘X’s in tic_tac_toe game has three 'x' symbols, either
30049: This Python function replaces all occurrences of an element with another one from the given array, and returns it as new list without changing original ones
30050: This line of the function calculates and returns an offset from where to start looking in sequence data. The gene name is added as prefix, so it
30051: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase if it is either 'Hi'或’Hello', and returns ‘BonJouR
30052: This function returns the x and y coordinates of each point specified by 'WayPoints' list. It uses another helper method, get\_wap
30053: If the length of 'tags' is 1, it tries to return value from dictionary with key equal in indexed by second element. Else
30054: Code is used to create a new page in the database. The function takes two parameters, 'title' and ‘content’ which are required fields
30055: If the variable 'RA' does not exist or it isn’t of any numeric type other than integer and floating point number then return that value
30056: This function takes in the latitutde and longitud of an object as well its height above sea level. It then returns these values along with their corresponding
30057: This function returns whether the given direction is one of three possible directions. 3 options are 'Left', '', and ''Right'' or just simply left
30058: If the dictionary has only one key, return that single value.  Otherwise do nothing and continue with other operations on it as per requirement in your program
30059: This function returns the action that is most likely to be performed next based on some criteria. The returned value can then determine which strategy should follow in order
30060: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with data from the given nested dictionaries, where each key represents different types of images
30061: This Python function checks the occurrence of 'pattern' in given list. It returns total number found and stops when it reaches end or does not find any
30062: This line of the given Python function returns tuples with elements multiplied by 'sc'. The first element is `(x*y)*z
30063: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30064: This function creates three variables to hold the start and end points of an area in which we will be performing operations. The 'win_size' is
30065: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30066: This Python function returns the name of an enumeration value based on its integer input. If no match is found, it defaults to 'unknown'.
30067: If the variable 'Result' does not exist in scope then return "None". Else check type of Result.  -> Return Named T
30068: This Python function takes in an array of four elements and performs bitwise operations on them. The first two bits are ANDed with the next one to
30069: Checks whether the variable 'DEBUG_OPTIONS' has been set to either true/True in uppercase form ('ENABLED') OR as
30070: This function returns true if the input is an empty string, false otherwise.  Code explanation and usage examples are also provided below in English or any other
30071: This Python function takes two arguments, 'n' and ‘k’. It calculates the sum of these numbers by adding them together with an
30072: Warns the user about missing values and provides instructions on how they can fix them, unless explicitly told otherwise by an environment variable or command line argument
30073: This Python function reverses the binary sequence and calculates its decimal equivalent. The number of ones is calculated as well by traversing from right to
30074: If the length of unit is empty or equal to another string then it returns that value and '0' as an integer. Otherwise - just returning both
30075: This Python script calculates the distance between two poses. It takes as input 3D coordinates of both bodies, and returns their relative distances by
30076: This function modifies the coordinates of each tuple within 'points' list by an amount specified. The direction is determined based on whether or not it was
30077: This line of the function returns an integer value that is calculated by shifting left one bit and then performing AND operation with another given number. The resultant
30078: A python program that calculates the product of all odd numbers from 'base' to given number, using modular arithmetic. The result is stored in
30079: This function takes the name of csv file as input and returns its schema in JSON format with an added _schemna_extension to it,
30080: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
30081: This function checks the data types of different variables and returns True/False based on whether they match certain conditions. It uses Python's builtin functions
30082: This Python function splits the input string into two integers by using '.' as separator and returns them in reverse order with no error handling or type
30083: This function returns the first four elements of an input list.  The order is determined by their position in 'boundaries' array, which can be
30084: This Python function takes as input an integer vector and divides each element of the array by another given value, returning that resultant list back to you
30085: This Python function converts all non-"None" items from the list to string. The output will be concatenated into one single, comma separated value
30086: This function calculates the similarity between two sets of vertices. The result is normalized to be in range [0, inf). It measures how similar or
30087: This function swaps the weights of two variables, with an optional weighting factor applied to each. The result is returned as 'w' swap variable
30088: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
30089: If the first, third middle elements of 'str' are equal. Else return original string else nothing is returned or printed in function call –
30090: This Python script converts the 'startup' dictionary into another one. The new structure is based on user roles and their associated programs as keys of
30091: This function checks two conditions, one is the team point equals to zero. If it's true then returns 'one', else check another condition which
30092: If the input string contains no characters, return it as such. Else check whether there's any comma OR quote within that text and wrap them
30093: This Python function calculates the floor of an arithmetic series. The formula used is l*(1+m)/n, where n = [sum
30094: This function takes in an ISO xtime string and returns the date part of it. The format is YYYYMMDDHHmmssZZ
30095: This function splites an integer into two halves. If the number is evenly divisible by ten it returns one of its digist in each
30096: This function checks whether the end of an object is explicitly mentioned in some context. If it's not, then returns zero; otherwise return one and
30097: This function takes an argument of any type; it checks whether the given object has "str". If so then splits that string by '.' to
30098: This Python function checks the type of an input variable 'X'. If it’s not any number but rather one string containing only numbers separated by tabs
30099: This Python script writes environment variables to the specified file using 'with' statement and looping through dictionary items of `envvariables` object which is
30100: This Python function calculates the factorial of an inputted integer. It uses looping to multiply each value from 0 up until but not
30101: Returns the value of "profile.page[0].GraphQL..User...IsPrivate".  This is an example usage in Python's requests
30102: This Python function calculates the Levenshtein distance between two strings. It uses dynamic programming to calculate and returns an integer that represents how many single
30103: This Python function checks whether the given string is empty or contains an invalid character, and returns false otherwise according to certain conditions specified by its logic within it
30104: This Python script uses dictionary comprehension to create new dictionaries that only contain items from one of the original two input dicts and excludes those common
30105: If the chromosomes of two regions are different, return false. Otherwise check whether one ends before another starts and vice versa; in both cases
30106: This function checks if the given 'word' is present as an element of list or not. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false and
30107: This line of the function calculates and returns an integral value based on two parameters. The first parameter is 'integration_time', which represents how
30108: This Python script calculates the Z score of scaled scores based on their corresponding values in an input dictionary and uses that to scale them back into original units
30109: This line of Python function returns the input string with all spaces removed from it using built in replace() method, which replaces each occurrence and does not
30110: This Python function converts the given list of 'Labels' into their corresponding values from another dictionary map using mapping defined by "mapping". The new
30111: This function checks if two lists are sorted. It does so by comparing each element of the first list with its corresponding elements from second one, returning False
30112: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, but only when one of them is positive. If both are negative or zero it will calculate their absolute
30113: This Python script splits the string into individual "Words" and removes any empty strings resulting from splitting by spaces, then joins them back together with
30114: This line of the Python function returns first three characters from string 'color' and adds an additional character ('alpha') at end.  It is similar
30115: If the URI doesnt start with 'WS', it prepends an HTTP(S).  Otherwise, returns as is because we are using Web
30116: If no width/ height are provided in the request then it will either return minimum of three times its reverse size with some condition depending on whether there'
30117: This script creates three dictionaries, "histories", which are used to store the training and validation loss/accuracy values over epochs or bat
30118: This function returns the string 'pp' followed by an 9 digit number, padded with zeros to make it always have exactly eight digits
30119: This line of the given Python script converts each character in string 's' into an integer. The map function applies int() to every element and
30120: If the variable 'primar...' exists, return its value. Else it returns an empty string; otherwise generate and retrun name of beam
30121: This line of the program assigns values from two different boxes to variables.  The first pair is assigned in order and then another set follows with an
30122: Copies the peps list to create an independent deep copied version of it, without modifying original data in 'pep' or any other variable
30123: This Python script generates paired tuples from two lists of features, removes every second pairing and returns the result as list named 'pairs'.
30124: This function returns the string 'unfolds' when there is no unfold in progress, and otherwise it will say that we are stagged.
30125: This Python function checks the type of each record and removes invalid fields. It also filters out records that are not valid, ie., have at least
30126: This function takes an offset from the virtual address space and returns two values. The first value is derived by taking modulo division of 'divide'
30127: This function calculates the slope of an equation y = ax + b. The result is returned as 'm'.  It's used to calculate
30128: If the string contains ':' followed by two double colons in any order ('__'), it replaces them with <BR/>  on line
30129: Checks if the distribution has enough variances. If it doesn't have an error message is printed and 'False', otherwise returns true to continue
30130: This function checks if the input 'x' has an instance of string type with prefix ""@"  in Python language using builtin functions like `
30131: This function calculates the x coordinate of an object in 3D space. It takes as input its position and size, returns it's X
30132: Generates attendance figures in the format specified.  It takes as input counts dictionary with keys 'total', and returns string containing these statistics formatted according to
30133: If the length of string 'str' is greater than 49, it returns first two and last twenty characters. Otherwise return original str as output
30134: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' inclusively, but it uses an optimized method. It takes advantage that
30135: This Python script creates an empty list and then extends it with elements from the 'results' variable, effectively creating one long single line of data stored as
30136: Try to get the function from an object, if it fails then use its __function attribute or fallback on returning None – Code is trying different
30137: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called 'climit' to store chemical data from the inputted dictionaries, then it iterates over each key
30138: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on two variables, 'x' and 'z'. The first part checks whether or not variable
30139: This function returns the maximum value between two numbers. If both are equal, it simply outputs that number as is; otherwise depending on which one's
30140: This Python function removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string. It uses two pointers, one starting at 'str' object "Start
30141: If the 'sentiment' is less than 0, return '-', otherwise it returns "+", and in all other cases just output zero.
30142: This function returns the number '42' in one line. It is an example of Python programming language syntax and structure, specifically using functions to perform
30143: This function returns the last element of an input list.  It's one line and uses Python syntax to achieve it, which is very pythonic
30144: This function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails due any of its attempts in converting from string and raises exception
30145: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with nodes based on the given list of strings representing file system directories/paths using recursion technique
30146: If the user is logged in, return an array of options that are available to them.  This includes dashboards and folders as well notes & profile
30147: This Python function converts DNA to RNA. It iterates over each character of the input string, and if it finds an "A", repl
30148: This Python function takes in an array of hexadecimal RGB values and returns the same output as map, but formatted with two digits per character
30149: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the original array of arrays to add each element from one subarray into our new resultant
30150: This Python function calculates the stellar mass of an object given its initial frequency, redshift and Hubble constant parameters beta & gamma as input variables which are
30151: This Python script calculates the product of all digits present within an input string. It does so by iterating over each character position from index one
30152: This function returns True if the given url is present as an element of list 'urls'. It does so by checking whether or not "zip"
30153: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30154: This function returns the minimum of two volumes in sell and buying orders.  It'll be used to determine which order is more profitable, based on
30155: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30156: This function checks if the given list contains any file with an extension that matches one of two provided extensions, and returns true or false accordingly based on whether
30157: This Python function attempts conversion of the input string s into either Integer and returns it. If that fails, then tries converting in Float format first which
30158: If the string 'target' is found within any of its labels, return that target name. Otherwise it returns none – one line python function to
30159: This Python script creates an error dictionary with keys "slices" and “Spheres”, each associated to their respective values of epsilon
30160: This line of the given Python script creates an empty 3D array/matrix. The number and dimensions are not specified in detail but it will create
30161: This function checks whether the number 'N' passed as an argument to it, and returns that same value or else return twice its largest power of two
30162: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the parameters 'num1' and "+" operator, then returns their summation result as
30163: If the input dictionary does not contain an '_id' key, it returns 'None'. Otherwise,'It converts and removes'_ id', then return
30164: This function multiplies the value of 'val' by an expression. The result is returned as output from that operation, which can be used in further
30165: This Python script calculates the sum of all powers from ‘r’ raised to 'i' upto h. The result is stored and printed
30166: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over each variable and appends the unique non zero indices of its items to another nested lists within
30167: This function checks whether the variables 'v' are within certain conditions. If they do, it returns false; otherwise true is returned based on these given
30168: This Python function calculates the F score, which is used in machine learning to evaluate model performance on classification tasks by comparing predicted and actual labels of test
30169: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two parameters and some conditions to ensure that they are both nonnegative integers with exactly one parameter given
30170: This Python function calculates and compares image ratios to determine if they are within acceptable limits based on given monitors' dimensions in percentage terms of their width
30171: This line of Python script returns the message in yellow color.  It uses escape sequences to change text colors and background, but it's not very
30172: This line of Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as square root, which
30173: This line of the given JavaScript function checks if 'Field Stength' is greater than 9 and then divides it by another number. If both
30174: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
30175: This function takes as input the string 'TEXT' and returns two values. The first value is an empty character sequence that concatenates all non-"*
30176: If the variable mbi is nothing or not defined then it returns False and an error message. This function checks whether any of these variables are
30177: This function calculates the ratio of y to its difference from one year ago's value, which is then normalized by subtracting and dividing it
30178: This Python script converts all the lines of text to uppercase and removes unnecessary characters from each line after splitting by semicolon; then it returns
30179: This Python script checks if the file name ends with an extension, and then removes it to keep only its base filename without any trailing dot or period
30180: This Python function returns the RGB values of an input color in hexadecimal format. The colors are first converted to binary, and then manipulated
30181: This Python script splits the input string into separate lines, then counts how many of these are equal to one line only ("\n"). The result
30182: If the length of tokens is less than phrase plus index, return false. Otherwise true or else continue with next line in function body based on condition given
30183: This is the formula used to calculate an error in machine learning models, specifically linear regression model with gradient descent optimization algorithm and Huber Loss function applied
30184: This function takes in two parameters, block index and snap order. It returns the concatenation of these three elements as one string with no spaces between them
30185: This line of the program is returning an element from "original" list at index n minus i and 0. The elements are then joined together into
30186: This Python function calculates the product of two 4xN matrices. The result is also an N x n matrix where each element corresponds to one
30187: This line of the script splits filename into its extension and returns it in .gzip format, if possible else return original one as is –
30188: Creates two dictionaries 'G' and ‘V’ from the given solution dictionary where keys are of length either equal to or three times longer
30189: This Python script reads lines from the input file and converts them into integers using map function with int as parameter in python language 3 or above version
30190: If the number is positive, return it. Otherwise (-1)*number  ### Code here...  ```python    def absolute_value(n
30191: If the length of split is greater than 'max_length', return false, else true. – Code explanation and usage example in Python language with
30192: If the string ends with 'w' or ‘m’, it will assign kPrefixWW and otherwise return default value. Else returns different
30193: This Python script creates an array of lists where each sublist is the original range with its first element shifted to be at zero. It also checks whether
30194: This function checks if the given point is within certain bounds of an object. The lower left corner coordinates are defined as negative values divided by two each dimension
30195: This function returns the smallest number between two given numbers, or both in case of equal values.  It checks first whether 'x' is less than
30196: If 'z' is greater than ‘x’, return the value of `y`. Otherwise it returns default to be returned by function or
30197: This Python script creates an object that maps HGNC IDs to genes from the given 'panel' data structure using dictionary comprehension and get method
30198: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30199: This script fetches financial data from finozi using the provided symbol and displays it in tabular form on console or Jupyter notebook
30200: This program simulates the distance traveled by driving based on an inputted number of days and initial distances, with each day increasing in speed to simulate
30201: This Python function calculates the nearest integer to num/n rounded down.  It's named "round_down" and takes one parameter,
30202: This Python function checks whether the input string is present as an element within list 'ethnicites'. If it's found, returns true; otherwise
30203: This Python script splits the input string into lines, checks if there are at least three elements in each split result and raises an error message when it
30204: This Python script splits the input string into minutes and seconds, then converts them to millisecond format using multipliers of ten in an iter
30205: This Python function splits an input list 'A' into sublists of size ‘SZ’ using the first element as starting point and then
30206: This Python script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The coordinates are calculated based on their maximum x and y values from each respective pair in both input
30207: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30208: This Python script loops through the keys of an EXIF dictionary, checks if they exist within another one using 'in' keyword; then assigns them
30209: This function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius. It's formula is f = c*10 + 68
30210: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'word' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
30211: This Python script reads an input string, removes leading spaces from it using slicing. The while loop continues until the end of that length or if there
30212: This Python function checks whether the input number is greater than 0. If it'is, then returns '+', otherwise return an empty string ''
30213: This function checks if the given letter is present in 'password' between specified range of times, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition being met
30214: This function takes an input 'value' and returns the result of - 6 times that number plus three. The output is rounded to nearest whole integer
30215: This Python function calculates the nth Fibonacci sequence. It uses an iterative approach to calculate each term of fib(n).
30216: This Python function converts the string input to lowercase, and if it's an exact match with any of three given strings ("Amount",
30217: This Python function takes in the name of an executable file as input; it checks whether its length is more than 2 characters long or not along with
30218: This line of the given Python script is assigning values from two lists to variables. The first value in each list corresponds with one variable and vice vers
30219: This Python function returns an object with the "docType" field set to one of its arguments. The argument should be in quotes if it contains special
30220: This program reverses the digits of an Int. It uses modulo operation to get last digit and then adds it at end, reducing 'number
30221: This function takes an array of arguments and returns the first non-"--" argument as well any following ones after it or none at all depending on whether there
30222: This function checks if the UID starts with "iqdn." – an example of how to use it in Python programming language using string methods and
30223: This Python function checks if the image has dimensions less than 86x79 pixels and is grayscale with values between [average value
30224: This function checks the length of 'BBox' and raises an error message when it is not equal to 4. It then returns another tuple with
30225: This line of the Python script checks if an entered string is one among several possible answers, such as 'True', ‘T’ or yes/
30226: This function checks whether the input is an odd number. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise True or None depending on its parity
30227: If the current index is greater than zero then it will return twice of filter count in previous level else returns total number or root. This function calculates
30228: This Python script is used to convert the list of strings into an array format with square brackets around each string, but only if it contains spaces and
30229: This Python function calculates the total size of an Ethernet packet based on its parameters. The input is in bytes, and it returns result as bits per
30230: A dictionary that maps the number of half notes to their corresponding values. 0 is represented as '.' and any other value represents its equivalent in oct
30231: This Python script sorts the values of key 'value' from list ‘ListOne’ and creates another sorted version, ListTwo using these keys value
30232: This line of the given Python script splits each string in 'row' by pipe (' |'). The result is an array where every element corresponds to
30233: Code is returning the vulnerability information from vulndb.
``` ---> This line summarizes what happens in your function or method and
30234: This Python function calculates the initial values of 'k' and their corresponding increments. It then returns these two quantities as output from an equation derived
30235: If no simulation parameter is given, it will print an error message. 10/3 = ?? -> This line of the program calcul
30236: This Python function calculates the number of times each digit appears in an integer and returns that count as well if there is any remainder when divided by nine
30237: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by multiplying 'basic' with ten percent, then dividing
30238: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30239: Returns the second part of full module name.  For example if input is 'com/example' it will output as '.Example'. This function helps
30240: This program calculates the product of odd numbers from two given integers. It starts with an initial value, then checks each number in descending order until
30241: This line of the given Python script is extracting two values from an object named "header" using keys 'width' and ‘height’.
30242: This function checks if the repository name starts with username, then it also ends either "gihub" + .org/iocnemy
30243: This python script is used to get the external ID from an STIX object if it exists, else returns empty string""".strip()  # no
30244: This Python function returns the first 'limit' numbers in an arithmetic sequence. The difference between consecutive terms is constant and equal to 3/4
30245: This line of the Python script calculates and returns how many characters are left after removing all occurrences “zero” from string p. The
30246: This Python function converts an input to either it's numeric value or the original argument if conversion is not possible.  It uses exception handling
30247: This function checks if the command line starts with specific commands that are commonly used to execute shell scripts in Windows systems, such as "command" and "/
30248: This Python function calculates the weight of an object in kilograms given its mass value, which is 10^6 times larger than that
30249: This function generates the name of an experiment or variable based on its names and some parameters. The result is then used to create directories in order not only
30250: This Python function splits an attribute string into two parts based on the period character (".") and returns them as separate variables if there are more than one
30251: If the four corners of two boxes overlap. 1 if they do not intersect; otherwise return true or false based on whether their sides are parallel to
30252: This line of the Python function checks if 'seconds' is divisible by exactly three hundred. It returns True or False based on whether it meets that
30253: If the number 'n' is less than or equal to zero, it returns Zero. Otherwise continue with calculation of factorial using recursion method
30254: This is the formula used to calculate variance in statistics. It's called "mean of squares" because it calculates how much each value devi
30255: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements present within list 'a'. The variable "ele" is used to iteratively access each element,
30256: This Python script uses the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. The variables are updated in each iteration until there is no longer any division
30257: This Python function checks whether the input 'joinedFields' variable type inherits from List or not and returns it accordingly; otherwise - splitted
30258: This function checks whether the input string ends with "name", and returns true when it does, otherwise false is returned depending on which of two specified strings
30259: This function returns the indexes of all occurances ​​of an input letter 'letr' within another string "Mot". It uses Python’s
30260: If the number is greater than or equal to $40. Code will return an "Error" message stating that you can only use numbers upto
30261: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the 'n'th term using iteration and memoization technique in one
30262: This Python function returns the last part of an absolute path, which is essentially just its filename without extension or directory information if there's no '/'.
30263: This Python function calculates the value of filters and returns it after applying some transformations to its input values as per given conditions in comments above each line'
30264: This function calculates the total cost of an item including tax. It takes two parameters - 'Price' and ‘Tax rate’, then returns
30265: If the length of 'input_str' is greater than or equal to its own index, return input str. Otherwise it returns slice from 0
30266: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is two numbers, 'a' and ‘x’; it multiplies them together
30267: This function checks if the last character of 'line' is an endl ('\n'). If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or
30268: This function returns the suffix of ordinal numbers. It checks whether an input number is in certain ranges, then it determines which word to use based on
30269: This Python function is used to separate the units that have leaders from those who don't. It takes as input an object with keys 'status',
30270: This Python function calculates the number of SNPs and returns their values if they exist; otherwise it will return zeroes as default value when no
30271: This Python function converts ISO time format to seconds. It takes an input string of length eight and returns the number representing hours in that duration as integer
30272: This Python function converts degrees to hours and minutes. It takes the input in degree format which is then converted into hourly increments by taking mod
30273: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in that list. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one."
30274: This Python function checks if the input character 'character' isn’t of type string. If it doesn‘tsn an exception occurs when trying to
30275: This function calculates the average of two numbers. If there are not at least three elements in 'list' "input", it raises an error message
30276: This script generates the list of user ids from given JSON object.  It uses Python' builtin function to iterates over "data" dictionary
30277: This Python function converts binary string to list of integers, where ‘+’ is represented as the integer value one and all other characters are ignored
30278: This line of the script calculates and returns an estimate based on standard deviation. The result is then used to determine if there's any significant difference
30279: Try to get the last part of filename using Python. Code is trying and failing if there's no '/'. If it does exist then extract all
30280: This Python script is used to extract the latitude and longitudes of all nodes from an OpenStreetMap response. The results are stored as d
30281: This function checks whether the given string is one of several keywords. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise - True  [END]
30282: This Python function flattens nested dictionaries by separating keys with '.' and creating new key from the original one using concatenation of two parts
30283: This line of the Python script is splitting an input string by ".", and returning only second part after split, which in our case would be domain name
30284: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic shift operation. The result will be returned as i, but shifted to one bit position
30285: This Python script creates an output list by checking if each element of the first input is also present as it's part or not from second and vice
30286: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by multiplying 'w' with ‘r’,
30287: This Python function checks the value of 'I' and returns an appropriate string based on its values. If it encounters any other integer within certain ranges
30288: This function returns an empty string if the input file name does not have any extensions, otherwise it appends '.' to its end. It is used
30289: This Python function generates the first N prime numbers using an algorithm that checks divisibility by two and three to find primes upto sqrt of
30290: If the length of data is not 1, return false. Otherwise continue with processing... Code continues at line #30 onwards in file "
30291: This Python function returns the URL string to access binary files of an application's distribution. The parameters are base url and other details about file like '
30292: This Python function merges two dictionaries and returns the merged dictionary with unique values from both keys' lists of each key, maintaining order as it was
30293: This function returns different values based on the input parameters, but it always has default value of 'default' when no match is found in any condition block
30294: This function concatenates the given string with an underscore and returns it. It is used to create unique identifiers in Python programming language, which are
30295: This function takes in one argument, 'None' or any other type of object. If the input isn’t none and its length exceeds 1
30296: A Python dictionary to be used as the JSON request body in an API call, with specific parameters set up according tp extract information from Wikipedia articles using
30297: This function checks if the given number is within any of two ranges defined by tuples. If it's not, then return false; otherwise
30298: This Python script takes an input string of comma separated keyword, strips the leading/trailing spaces and checks whether it's not empty or null before
30299: This Python function checks whether the given 'documents' dictionary contains an id, type is set to `“ID”`. If it exists then
30300: Parses the available hosts and returns an OS INT dictionary where keys are 'public facing' ones, values being their respective types of IP addresses ('
30301: This line of the given Python script is returning two values from an input list. The first value in each returned pair are multiplied by 'n'
30302: This Python function returns the numbers from ‘range’ that are divisible by 'a' inclusively. The lambda and filter functions help
30303: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from another given dict object 'd'. The resulting new_dict is then returned
30304: This function checks if the field of an object is related to another using Django's `hasattrib` method. It returns True or False
30305: This Python function checks if three values are all true, in other word it returns True only when the first two conditions hold but one of them is false
30306: If the file size is zero it returns an empty string and writes to that location with 'A's of specified length in binary mode ('b')
30307: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
30308: This function checks whether the given number is zero, or it's negative. If not then return its absolute value else subtract twice of difference between
30309: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The formula used is y = mx+c, where x and c are constants in
30310: Replaces all single quotes in the text with double ones.  This is done to prevent SQL injection attacks by escaping special characters that could potentially be
30311: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input value. If 'n' is negative it will shift right zero paddings of '-value'.
30312: If the input is zero, return none. Else calculate and returns negative of that value as output – Python Code Snippet to solve above
30313: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation is done using 'alpha' as exponent in power operation with
30314: If either of the two clouds are unavailable, return false. Otherwise continue with further processing... – Code explanation and usage in context is important to
30315: Copies the input 'deep copy' of dictionary or lists and accesses elements by splitting string with dot notation like "path". If it finds an
30316: This line of the Python script checks if any value is equal to one or more values that are considered 'truthy' when converted into boolean. In
30317: This function returns the minimum of 3 values and clamps it to between -16th decimal place (-8 in float form), or if value
30318: This program converts each ASCII char from the string to its corresponding Int32 equivalent. It then adds up all these values and returns that sum
30319: This Python function takes two parameters, `dict_,` and 'field names'. It returns the dictionary with only keys that exist within provided list of fields
30320: This Python function calculates the sum of squared differences between corresponding elements from two lists 'X' and 'Y'. If it exceeds an error threshold
30321: This Python function returns the string '{0}'. format()'s result with users preferred pet as its argument.'  [Solution] Code
30322: This Python function trims data from the given dictionary based on provided field names and reference dataset, returning an updated version of that same structure with any missing
30323: If the variable 'distrib' is not defined, it returns an error message.  This means that there are no distributions to be processed in current
30324: This function returns the name of an AWS EC instance based on its volume and snapshots information provided in input parameters, formatted as '<instance> -
30325: If the current git branch ends with "plus", it removes 'plu' from its end and returns whether or not they are equal, indicating that
30326: This Python function splits the input string into individual "phrases" and then sorts each of those phrases, converting them to tuples with
30327: This Python function converts underscores to dashes. It iterates over the input string, and if it encounters an underline character ('
30328: This function returns the value associated with key in dictionary 'mapping' or default_value if it is not found and defaults to `None` when no
30329: This Python function returns the list of source names based on whether or not it's being run in 'short mode'. In both modes, these are
30330: If the two lists are not of equal length, return false. Otherwise compare each pair from both list and break when they don't match anymore;
30331: This Python function filters out the interval pairs that have length less than or equal 0, and returns only those with at least 'min_length'
30332: This Python script calculates the correlation between two lists of numbers. It rounds off each number to its nearest integer, then compares these rounded values with
30333: This function calculates the number of samples in each cluster. It'll be used to calculate Silhouette Coefficient and Davies Bouldin
30334: This Python function calculates the minimum perimeters of squares that can fit into an integer number. It raises and handles exceptions when input is not positive
30335: This Python function returns the number of Mesos masters in an input list. The result is rounded up to nearest integer, as it's not possible
30336: This Python script splits the inputted comma separated strings into separate list elements using "," as separator and space ("") 	as delim
30337: This Python function splits the input string into individual 'words' and then checks if each word starts with an optional prefix ('optional'). If it does
30338: This line of the script is extracting video ID from filename using regular expression and then converting it to an integer type, which can be used as unique
30339: This Python function reverses the order of characters in an input string. It does so by iterating over each character from last to first and appending
30340: This function counts the number of times an input string is found within another. It also handles empty tokens by incrementing 'number' only when it finds
30341: 10. Code Review and Merge of Push Requests in GitLab CI/CD pipeline using Python scripting."	print("Product
30342: This Python function tries to convert the input 'BIRTHYR' into an integer. If it fails, ie., if there is no
30343: This Python function takes as input two lists of equal length, and returns another nested structure that is the transpose operation on these inputs. The outer loop
30344: If either of the two input values are not provided, return 'None'. Otherwise calculate and returns their relative difference.  The calculation uses absolute value to
30345: This Python script filters out empty tokens from the list and also checks if they are present within another given word/phrase 'words' or not, then
30346: This Python function checks the type of an XML element and returns its corresponding data types. It uses dictionary to map from string values in 'xmltypes'
30347: This program calculates the sum of all numbers from zero to 'n' that are divisible by either three or five. The result is printed out
30348: Implemented the function to calculate distance between two points in 3D space. The implementation uses Pythagoras' theorem and calculates
30349: If the input 'ticker' variable isn’s defined, return {'displays': ‘None”}. Otherwise it should display an element
30350: This function calculates the value of Zero Coin. The formula is based on psi, which represents an angle in radians and it'
30351: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase if it is either 'source', ‘visit’,或'detectors'.
30352: This line of the given Python script returns 'digit' modulo with ten, only when it is divisible by one. If not then just
30353: If the input resource id isn't provided or it doesn’s have 16 alphanumeric characters then return none else strip and convert
30354: This Python function takes two lists of strings as input and returns the list 'A' which contains only those elements from both original inputs that have been identical
30355: This Python function calculates the number of decadal reclassifications in different bands using linear regression models with given coefficients and intercepts derived from SD
30356: Code is returning true if the character's Unicode value falls within certain ranges. The function checks whether any of these specific range values are met,
30357: This line of the Python script is returning two file names, which are created by concatenating "." with ''.  The first part (".") represents
30358: This Python script generates two lists from the given list of tuple pairs and returns them as output - one with tokenized text data ('tokens')
30359: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values in three given coordinates. The result is then returned as an output of that particular method call
30360: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two nested dictionaries using the get() method to avoid key errors when accessing elements
30361: This line of the program is setting up two bounding boxes. The first and second sets are identical in structure to each other but have different values due
30362: This Python script checks the type of 'column_name' and returns it as string when possible; otherwise return an error message depending on conditions met by
30363: If the synthesized method is SGF, it returns metadata's columns.  [...]"(END OF SUMMARY)"%}
30364: This Python script calculates the sum of all multiples between zero and 'stop' that are either divisible by three, five ,or both.
30365: This function retrieves values from the dictionary "ts" using keys 'kt_ps' and other two default parameters if they are not present in dict
30366: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
30367: A function that takes an input and returns it. 	Inputs -> Output = Value returned by the Function  		    Example of usage is
30368: This Python function checks whether the first part of input string starts with given 'text' and returns remaining substring. If it does, then that is
30369: A function that returns the first prime number found after 3. If no such primes exist it will return None as output from Python's print
30370: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns another list. The first one is the old position of an object while second argument represents changes to be
30371: This function calculates the heat transfer coefficient of water in an oil well. The inputs are volume factor, permeability ratio(Por), surface Area
30372: This Python function calculates the value of an object's weight using its mass and angle in degrees, where "force" is assumed to be
30373: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30374: This function generates the filename of an aggregated UKF agents model. The parameters n and bin size are used to name different versions or subsets/b
30375: This Python function returns the length of string 'str' if it is less than, equal to , greater then five. If true return last character in
30376: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side3 and base as
30377: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30378: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an integer result. The calculation is based on two integers, left &amp;right which
30379: This function checks whether the input `str() object has valid formatting. The string should not start or end with backticks ("\") as
30380: This Python script sorts the list of coordinates by their second and third elements in ascending order using LAMBDA function as key to sort(). The
30381: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
30382: An empty string is returned. This function does not do anything but return an emtpy_string, which can be used as the initial value of
30383: This function returns the message passed to it, followed by an exclamation mark. If no argument is provided or if its value isn't of
30384: This Python script is used in conjunction with the "+" operator, which allows us addition of values. If an object's attribute does not exist
30385: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same output as it does with no duplicates, but without using any builtin functions that perform these
30386: This Python function converts an RGB string to its integer components in hexadecimal format and returns them as tuples ('R', 'G
30387: Iterates over an list of objects and returns the first one that matches with any value from given set. If no match is found, it will return
30388: This Python script copies the content of `dict` object named "Sample BIDS entities" and then updates it with data from another dictionary called DIC
30389: This Python function is used to generate the ordinal suffixes. It takes an integer 'd' and another number as input, adds it with some
30390: This function checks if the given year, month or day is valid. It returns true when these conditions are met; otherwise it will return false as invalid
30391: This Python script checks if the system has an installed version of 'name' using "Which" command in Unix/Linux systems and returns true or
30392: This piece of the program checks whether either `x` or '${var}' exceeds its respective limits. If it does and one is greater than
30393: This Python function checks the input 'Response' to see whether it can either return an error message string when executed as executable files are missing from its path
30394: This line of the Python script checks whether 'seconds' variable contains an integer. If it does not contain one then convert to Integer and assign fraction part
30395: This function takes an input string and returns the length of that same.  It's simple, straightforward to understand but it does not handle special characters
30396: This Python function calculates the relative risk of death based on symptoms. It takes as input parameters, probability that individuals have certain types or conditions and returns
30397: A list comprehension that generates names and types of parameters from the given dictionary. The output is joined into one string with commas separating each pair
30398: This line of the given Python function adds 'right' to its current value and returns it.  It is similar in functionality as "return" but
30399: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30400: This Python function calculates the ratio of two variables, v and w. The first variable is subtracted from another to get 'f', which then
30401: This program swaps the values of two variables until one variable is 1. It does so by continuously checking and possibly rearranging these pairs to
30402: This Python script counts the number of pairs that sum to 'target' from an array. It uses two nested loops and checks if each pair sums up
30403: This Python script returns the values of several variables as dictionaries. The 'return' statement is used to output these variable results in JSON format which can
30404: Creates or updates the "profile" in 'Dictionary' with key as “key” and value being another dict. The new subdict is
30405: This Python script creates two lists, 'La' and ‘Lb’ which contain expressions of different types but with the same content as each other
30406: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of dictionaries. If it finds any key that is already present as keys,
30407: This Python function calculates the bias of an object in 3D space. The input is three parameters - 'f' and two coordinates ('x
30408: A dictionary is created to count the frequency of each unique type/classification present within 'job' list using Python programming language and pandas library as
30409: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns FPR, which is used in subsequent calculations.  The formula to calculate it involves two confusion
30410: This Python script creates an empty 3D list or 'board' with dimensions specified by the user. The outer lists are indexed from one to
30411: This Python script removes the .PYC extension from filenames if they end with it, and returns only their base name without any modifications or delet
30412: This function converts an integer to its ordinal representation. For example, the input of '4' would return as output being '"fourteenth"'
30413: This function takes three parameters and returns the result of multiplying them together. The first two are used to calculate some value 'a' or something similar
30414: This function implements the test of independence using two proportions. The parameters are given as input and return whether or not it is statistically significant based on
30415: This line of the Python function checks if absolute difference between p and q is less than 10. If it's true, then return True
30416: This Python script returns dictionary with keys and values of 'the dict' are already ordered by their corresponding elements using builtin function "sorted".
30417: This Python script iterates over the 'input' dictionary, extracts and combines information from two dictionaries. It then tries to find corresponding entries of
30418: Checks if the given number is power of two. A positive integer that has only one bit set to 'one' and all other bits are zero
30419: This Python script generates an XML string with the required structure and content to be used in another part of your program, which is intended as input data source
30420: This function returns the URL to run jobs on an API endpoint of one service provider, using specific parameters provided in input variables such as 'host'.
30421: Increases the value of 'alpha' by 0.1 each time it is executed, but only if its current state has not been changed since
30422: If the string starts with "**BRIEF" or not, it will return second line of text after splitting by two new lines ("***NEW
30423: This dictionary is used to map the names of different characters in game development. The keys are character's name and values represent their role or class within
30424: This Python function calculates the time in decimal format from given hour, minute and second inputs by adding them up to get total seconds then converting that into
30425: If the input 'language' is Python, return its corresponding value in dictionary. Else it checks whether given string matches SQL and returns query from that
30426: This Python script calculates the satellite's position based on its velocity and observer location using PyEphem library which is used to calculate celestial
30427: "Computes Semi_MajorAxis" using OrbitalPeriod, TotalMass parameters. 1AU = 0.""""""  (
30428: This function splits the input string into tuples of substrings separated by '.'s, or returns it as is otherwise – based on
30429: This command is used in GROMACS software package. It generates an XML file with the name of 'to' path and moves it into directory
30430: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'out' variable, which is then returned. The calculation involves multiplying an integer
30431: This line of Python function returns the result rounded to N decimal places. It takes two parameters, 'q' and ‘n’ which are both
30432: Removes special characters from the string. This function takes in an input of type String and returns another instance with all non alphanumeric
30433: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the count of each number from 'corresponding text' list as keys along side their
30434: This function calculates the signal to noise ratio. It takes as input two values, 'mean_fg' and ‘std\_deviation’
30435: This Python script converts the dictionary 'm' into string format, where each key is converted to its corresponding value and then concatenated with an empty
30436: If the prefix is present in 'text', it returns everything after that. Otherwise, if not found then just returning original string as "None".
30437: If the object isn't of type 'list', return it as an array with one element. Otherwise do nothing and just output what you get from
30438: This function calculates the weighted average of two sets or lists and returns them as tuples with each tuple containing x & y coordinates respectively if there
30439: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30440: Returns the server hostname from configuration.  It's used in URL construction, e..g., http(S)://serverhost/path
30441: This function converts the input string to lowercase and tries both IPv4 addresses with inet pton method of python's sockets library before trying
30442: Return True if the string contains ">" character, else False.  This is used to check whether or not an inputted number has been given
30443: This line of the given C++ function converts an integer to its equivalent in binary format with specified 'offset' and returns it. The result is
30444: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30445: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the input list of tuples. For each tuple, if its second element is yet
30446: Parses the string representation of an integer in binary format. 1 byte = 8 bits and returns it as Int30 type using Base two
30447: This Python function checks whether the input 'Interpretation' variable ('int') and returns an integer value based on its interpretation type in dictionary mapping or
30448: Checks whether the text contains "US" in any case. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what is
30449: If the variable 'main_iv' does not exist, return it. Otherwise do nothing and just keep returning its value as "None".  This
30450: This function returns the ratio of 'value' to its corresponding lower limit, or 0. If it is less than some specified "threshold",
30451: This function checks if every element of the first list is less than or equal to its corresponding elements from second lists. It also returns true only when there
30452: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30453: This Python function checks whether the last character in each row of an input list is equal to its previous one. If it's not, then append
30454: This line of Python script filters the ads in an inputted 'ad' dictionary, and returns only those that have their occupation field labeled as Data or
30455: If the 'instance' object does not exist, return an empty string. Otherwise check each key of its properties to see which one it has; then
30456: If the condition is true, return an element from list. Otherwise do nothing and returns 'None'.  Code snippet used in other parts of
30457: If the length of string 'S' is greater than or equal to that in another variable, assign it as one and other variables are assigned with second
30458: This line of the given Python script is returning "keypoints" from an object named 'coco_category'. The purpose seems to be
30459: This line of Python script converts the epoch time to seconds and adds 1 year. The result is then converted back into string format using 'str
30460: This function returns the maximum of min and value. If given values are out range it will not exceed their respective limits or be less than them respectively to
30461: This function takes an input line and checks the third part of it. If that is either 'Fav', ‘Against’ or neither then
30462: This function returns the temperature in degrees Celsius by taking 68% of its input value and returning it with an unit string ("°C
30463: This is an infinite loop that continues until 'a' and/or ‘b’ are not equal. If the value of ```A```
30464: This python script calculates the weight of spawns based on certain conditions. The weights are determined by specific keys and values from an input dictionary "tags
30465: Return True if the string contains either an "*" character ('*)', and/or any of its occurrences, otherwise False.  If no
30466: This Python script returns the required dictionary. It has an id of zero and first name as 'test', is bot set to true which means it'
30467: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
30468: This function takes in two parameters - string and replacement. It replaces all occurrences of the newline character ("\\\" + '\01
30469: This Python function calculates the mean of differences between consecutive elements divided by their product. It checks if lengths are equal, and raises an error otherwise;
30470: If the 'dependencies' parameter isn’t provided, return it as its current value. Otherwise convert and remove duplicates from dependencies before returning them
30471: This line of the Python script returns an object that includes two headers in HTTP request. The first header is 'Authentication' and it contains value as `
30472: “Creates an API version and kind references in python”   Code Type : Function/Method -> Return Value    Input Parameters�
30473: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string. It takes in one parameter, s which is supposed to be converted into list and then joined
30474: This function returns the maximum value from an array of numbers. It starts by assuming that it is possible to find any number greater than 987
30475: This Python function calculates the number of ways to partition 'k' items into groups with at most one group having size equal as that item. The
30476: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on n, k(th index), &amp
30477: This line of Python script calculates and returns normalized version 'Theta' in range [0,1] using min/range method.  The function
30478: Removes HTML tags from the given string.  It uses regular expressions to find and remove any instances of '<' or >'. The result is
30479: This function calculates the area of an ellipse with given semi major and minor axes, using mathematical formulae provided by Carl Friedrich G
30480: This Python function converts string values to their corresponding numeric representations in the dictionary 'valDict'. It uses uppercase strings as keys and returns
30481: If vector v_len is not equal to another, it raises an error.  This means that divisors and dividend are of different lengths
30482: This Python script is designed to extract the values of 'UID', ‘Username’ and ''Password'' from an iterable object. If there
30483: This Python function checks whether the input 'None' or not and returns an integer version of it. If neither, then return its original value as Integer
30484: This function checks if an input string starts with underscore, has at least 3 characters excluding the first two ones that are also ending in _
30485: Copies dictionary 'b' into another new one named "c" and returns the copied dictonary with same keys as original but values are taken
30486: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
30487: This function checks the power status, number of intervals and returns either "text" or 'placeholder' based on conditions. If reset is not needed
30488: This Python function counts the number of tabs and spaces in an input string, then returns half that count as its return value which gives us more weight to
30489: This function calculates the largest possible sum of products by multiplying some or all numbers from an array. The initial value is set to negative infinity and
30490: This line of the program calculates and returns difference between two quantities, 'q_A' &amp; '-', which are both defined in another
30491: If the string is empty, return an blank. Else check first character of input and perform different actions based on it; otherwise just append to original
30492: This Python function converts an array of RGB values into normalized form by dividing each color channel value with 255 and appends the result
30493: If either of the conditions are not met, returns true. Otherwise it will always be False due to '||' operator in conditional expression –>
30494: This function checks if every sublist has the same length. If not, it returns False; otherwise True – is_allrowsidentical()
30495: This Python function checks the input 'value' against two other parameters, "minimum" and “maximum". If it is less than minima
30496: If the parameter 'param' is set to no, return true. Otherwise it returns false or default value 10347689
30497: This SQL query is used to fetch the table name and column names from information schema of given database in python using sqlite3 module's cursor object
30498: This function checks if the current time is at or just past an interval. The 'period' parameter defines how often to check, while "counter"
30499: If the variable 'whole' is zero, return Zero. Else calculate and Return Part/Whole as result of division operation in Python Code
30500: This function returns the ratio of two numbers.  It's named "ratio" because it divides one number by another, and also gives an
30501: This function takes an input 'X' and checks whether it’s of the integer dataType or no; If yes then returns its digit representation as
30502: This Python function combines overlapping time ranges into one interval per each unique range of times that overlap at least by the specified minimum length between them."""
30503: A dictionary is created with keys "name", “Size”, and 'Areases' which are assigned the values of variables. The function returns
30504: This Python script is designed to create an AWS DynamoDB DeleteItem request list from the given 'orders' data structure, which contains each item
30505: This Python function checks whether the given text contains an exact match of any word in provided list. If it does, then increments count and returns that
30506: This Python function calculates the maximum possible value of 'Score' by comparing two lists. If both elements at an index are equal it scores 8
30507: This function returns the string representation of an user's ID. The output is formatted as '<<UserID>>'.  It takes one argument,
30508: This line of the function returns d(x)/dx, which is equal to out.  It's used in backpropagation and gradient
30509: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30510: If the 'probe' string is identical to its parent, it returns true; otherwise false – checks whether given strings are valid as per rules
30511: This Python function takes an input string, "NAME", and returns the first three characters of that NAME as lowercase letters if they are upper case OR
30512: This function calculates the coordinates of four corners in pixels based on aspect ratio and screen size. The parameters are as follows; 'ratios', which
30513: This function checks if two strings are equal by comparing the characters at corresponding positions. If all pairs of matching character and position match up then it returns
30514: This Python script is used to extract the 'Model' ids from an input JSON object and return them as separate lists of IDS ('blobs
30515: Increments the counter and updates mean by adding current number to total, dividing it with updated 'counter'. The result is returned as output. This
30516: Checks if the provided value is greater than 0. If not it throws an error with message 'invalid alignement'.   [END]
30517: This Python function adds the value of each third number in an integer list to another. It also reverses any resulting string before returning it, if necessary
30518: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, replacing multiple spaces with one space between them using an
30519: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer result by dividing 'value' with ‘grid_spacing’, then rounds
30520: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the inputted number as it is but with all spaces replaced by underscores
30521: If the last character of URL is "/", remove it. Otherwise, return original string as there's no need to modify in that case –
30522: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns two values based on an input ROI(Region Of Interest). The first value is calculated by
30523: Copies the values of one dictionary into another using their keys as identifiers and returns it – essentially creates an exact copy with new key/value
30524: This function returns the first and last name of 'player' in an array.  The names are separated by spaces, with three extra space on either
30525: This function calculates the center of an object's bounding box. The input is expected to be in pixels and returns it as tuples
30526: This line of the given Python script returns only file name from pathname using split and indexing method in python language, it is used to get last
30527: Return true if the time is less than or equal to 180 minutes, else false. If it's not between these two times then
30528: This script converts the input list of strings into sequences, then removes gaps from each sequence and returns them as output after removing any remaining gap characters if
30529: This line of Python function calculates the result by taking into account both percentage and total, then divides it with one hundred to get an integer value
30530: If the 'Labels' list is present, it creates an empty dictionary and populates with unique values from Label List; otherwise throws exception stating that
30531: If the key 'url' exists in dictionary `update` then it returns its value. Otherwise nothing is returned and an error message will be printed to
30532: This line of Python script splits the address string by either "/" or "\" and returns only last part, which is usually file name in Un
30533: This line of the given Python script is used to slice off all elements from index 0 upto but not including any element at position 'number'.
30534: If the input string/list of strings are empty / none then return an blank. Else check its maximum limit ie., it should be no
30535: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the reverse order. It does so by iterating over each character 'ch' from right to
30536: This Python function sorts an array of integers and returns the two largest numbers. The time complexity is O((n)).  It uses three variables to keep
30537: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type or its content are either integer/float numbers and returns it as an array of integers when
30538: Code generates an object with properties based on the provided parameters. The 'content' variable is then returned as output of function call in JavaScript/Python script
30539: This Python script converts the input string of letters to an integer value, where each letter corresponds with its position within alphabetical order starting from A
30540: This line of Python script attempts to split the string "@@" from an inputted 'Image' variable, and if it fails due some reason like
30541: This function returns the number corresponding to 'RPSLS' game rules. If name is not in dictionary it will default value of none and then check
30542: This Python function calculates the expected value of an event based on two probabilities. The probability that it will occur is given by 'e', and its
30543: This Python script checks the current configuration and returns either 'Debug' or '' depending on whether it is in Release mode.  If not, then return
30544: This function calculates the tile number based on longitudes. The result is then rounded down to nearest whole integer, and finally incremented by one because
30545: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
30546: This Python function takes two 8 element lists as input, adds the corresponding elements of each list and returns an output with four results. The first result
30547: This Python function checks the value of 'a' and sets it to 1 or -9, depending on whether its greater than/lesser.
30548: This Python function converts an input integer into alphabetical characters using ASCII values of the uppercase letters A to Z, with some additional logic
30549: This function checks the type of an argument and returns 'yes' or no depending on its value. If it isn’s none then return ‘
30550: This Python function checks the type and converts input values into boolean form based on their types in python language using an 'else - elif... else..
30551: Code is used to check if the given input value can be converted into an integer.  It returns True or False based on whether it's possible
30552: This function calculates the maximum of three numbers and returns it. It also takes into account that if one number is smaller than others but larger then we
30553: If the URL is not provided, it raises an error with message 'URL must have value'. Otherwise，it extracts and returns filename from given web
30554: This script generates the list of paths to all .txt and other text formats. It uses os module's walk function, which allows us traverse
30555: This line of the Python script checks if an input 'error_code' is within range between [119, 0] and returns True
30556: This Python function returns the result of rounding x to nearest multiple divisible by 'rq' and then modulo with another number.  The
30557: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'my devices' based on their names. It then returns that newly created
30558: This Python function flips the given two dimensional list 'grind' horizontally. It creates and returns another matrix with elements of original one
30559: This function converts the dealer index to its string representation. If it's “zero”, returns 'A', else return itself as is
30560: This Python function calculates the sum of x, y and 3 times value at index 'z' from left to right. The values are shifted
30561: This Python script converts an input list into dictionary. The output is the same as if we used dict comprehension, but done manually with loops instead
30562: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same as it is, but with all digits removed. It does so by iterating over each
30563: This Python function calculates the optimal number of bands to use based on an inputted 'rows' value and sets it as "optimal" band count
30564: This line of the given Python function checks if ((the opponent's current total is divisible by ten, and thus has remainder seven when divided into
30565: If the predicted value is less than current, it checks whether there's an error in prediction or not by comparing with absolute difference between predictive values
30566: This line of the Python script calculates and returns absolute difference between x &amp; #36;&lt;/y&gt;) with an e
30567: This function returns the string 'one_' followed by whatever is passed in as an argument. It does not add any additional characters or spaces to it
30568: This Python function counts the number of dots and commas in an input string. It also increments "safe" positions by 3 when it enc
30569: This Python function takes two strings as input, and returns the number of characters that need to be removed in order from one end/string “to
30570: This line of the Python script checks if an IP address matches one that starts with "either 4 or more digits followed by '.' and then
30571: This Python script calculates the size of an object in gigabytes. It takes as input how many Byes are, and returns that amount converted
30572: If the string contains '<>', return none, remove trailing dot or ellipsis from end of value; otherwise keep it as is –
30573: This function calculates the electrical resistance of an electron in free space. It takes as input parameters, capacitor value and length scale sigma which is used
30574: This Python function calculates the difference between two values, then scales and shifts them based on these differences. The result is returned as an output of that
30575: This function takes two parameters, 'x' and ‘y’. It returns the product of these values using multiplication operator (*). The input is
30576: This Python function checks two strings to see whether they are equal or not. If the characters at each position in both string match, it continues with next
30577: This line of Python script converts the 'uid' variable to string, then truncates it down until its length is less than or equal with min
30578: This Python function checks the start of each string in an input list and returns different URL based on whether it starts with 'CN' or not, using
30579: Increments the x and y coordinates of each point in an array by their respective deltas.  The result is returned as another two element list
30580: A Python script that creates and manipulates dictionaries using list comprehension to create the dictionary of number indices from an input array 'Start'. The while
30581: This function checks if the given dictionary has all necessary keys. It also verifies that graph information is present and contains valid values, such as nodes/
30582: This line of Python function returns the hexadecimal representation.  It takes an integer n as input and outputs its equivalent in HexaDec
30583: If the version of Visual Studio Code is greater than or equal to three point five, it returns an expression that calculates its value; otherwise，it
30584: This line of the given Python script multiplies each element in 'data' by nine and eighth times to create an array with results, then returns
30585: This Python function takes as input the name of an executable file and returns its extension, converted to lowercase if it's not already so; then
30586: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
30587: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list depending on context and usage scenario respectively
30588: This line of the script returns an array that contains only one element from each list. The first item is taken directly, which corresponds to 'header'
30589: If the versions are not in three parts separated by '.' then return false; otherwise split them into integers to compare their components separately if they have different
30590: This line of Python script calculates the result based on input values. The formula is "(x_value[0] + 3*y)/
30591: If the lists have equal length, it checks whether their first elements are identical. Otherwise - depending on how many items they contain and which order of them
30592: This line of the given Python script is calculating duration in hours and then converting it to days by dividing with two, while also applying some mathematical operations
30593: Code: If the length of `'distributions'` key is 0 then return an updated version. Else it checks whether there are any
30594: This line of Python script checks if the "backend" dictionary has an entry with key 'status' and returns True only when that value starts as
30595: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in 'b' by converting it to set and then back into List.  It is similar with "
30596: This line of the Python script returns value at index 0, which is 'n' in our case. The second element inside that sublist [
30597: This function retrieves the colormaps from an object stored as dictionary named "rasterLegens" if it exists, otherwise returns 'None'.
30598: This Python script retrieves the "reporting column names as upper case". If there is an entry in 'configuration' dictionary with key of ‘
30599: This Python script is used to filter the rejected entries from an input list based on their "starID" and appends them into 'reject'
30600: This Python script removes certain keys from the dictionary 'roll' based on values present within another list of numbers/strings named "DICE TO REMO
30601: If the current 'index' is at or after one less than last element in list, return "None", else get and returns next object from given
30602: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from 'coll' that are neither `None` nor an empty tuple/list with size zero(
30603: This line of the given Python script is splitting an image file name and extracting its extension, then returning only three last characters as integer value from that
30604: This Python function takes an array as input and returns the same output, but with all duplicates removed from it using list comprehension instead of looping
30605: This Python script reads through each input file's content, and if the current/previous nonempty string is not empty it adds that to an output
30606: This Python function calculates the number of 'unhealty' or "bad" Snack items based on whether they are evenly divisible
30607: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
30608: This Python script splits the given string on "}" and returns its second part in all cases. If there is no such split, it simply conver
30609: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
30610: This line of the given Python script returns only part after '/' in 'name'. The split function is used to divide string into list where each word
30611: A list comprehension that creates an array of layer names from the layers dictionary. The condition is to only include those with type as 'image'.
30612: This line of Python script returns only the strings that do NOT start with "--" followed by any character(a letter, number or underscore).
30613: This Python function calculates the scaled version of two vectors 'u' and ‘v’ using Euclidean norms as their scalars in vector
30614: This Python function takes as input an 1D list of numbers and returns the same length. It calculates each row's sum using map()
30615: This Python function converts an angle from degrees to radians, calculates absolute value of cosine and sine values multiplied by given variables 'X
30616: This line of the given Python function is performing bitwise right shift operation on 'byte' variable and then masking it with all ones. The result
30617: This Python function replaces the specified strings in an input string with nothing, effectively removing them from it using .strip() method of python's str
30618: This function calculates the value of an element in our dataset, which is used to determine if it's likely that we have seen enough data from
30619: This program reverses the bits of an integer. It does so by using bitwise operations and looping until all possible number combinations have been checked or
30620: This Python script creates an empty dictionary with string keys and values as 'None'. It splits the input attribute list into key/value pairs using equals
30621: This function returns the Q&A flags and other information about an Rcode. The returned object contains 'true' if corresponding flag is set in given
30622: Loads the IRS Classification Model if it exists, otherwise creates an instance of iris classfier and trains that on provided dataset –
30623: This line of the given Python script returns an array with three elements. The first two are multiplied by s and then returned as one element in their
30624: "Allows specifying an item that can be used repeatedly."  # or, if you want it in other language's way -> translate
30625: This Python function generates an URL to access the Vera Ceres catalogue using RA and Dec coordinates, with optional search radius in degrees as input parameters
30626: This script is used to generate the list of all possible combinations from two lists. It uses itertools library in Python which provides an efficient way by using
30627: This Python function checks whether the string 'mint' is present as an alias and returns its value, else it will return none – Code:
30628: Returns the smaller of two numbers. If not, it returns one number or another depending on which is larger/smaller than other's value(
30629: This Python function takes two variables as input and checks if they are out of bounds. If so it sets them to the correct values in order not exceed
30630: This line of Python function returns the rounded value. It takes an input, converts it to float and then rounds off that number using built in python
30631: If the denominator is zero, it returns 'zero', otherwise divides and gives result of division operation in python scripting language using an elif statement
30632: This Python function converts an 16 bit integer to its equivalent byte representation. It uses the shift operator and binary OR operation, which is similar
30633: This script counts the number of occurrences ('C', or K, R respectively ) at each position from an array containing multiple sequences. The count
30634: This Python function returns the appropriate message based on MQTT connection acknowledgment codes.  The return value is one of several possible messages, depending
30635: This script takes an input list of strings, and returns the same output as if it were run on each string individually with "--" prepended to
30636: This Python function calculates the surface area of an ellipsoid given its radius. The formula used is standard and simple, but it's
30637: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
30638: If two lists in Python are not equal, it raises an error.  The lengths need to be identical before proceeding with comparison or operation on them otherwise
30639: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30640: This function calculates the Manhattan distance between two cells in an 8x3 grid. It takes as input both pairs of coordinates, and returns
30641: This function is used to ensure that the input 'Start' value, which should be an integer or long number with respect its dimension(s), remains
30642: This function checks the type of 'input' and returns different lists based on that. If input isn’t one among four types mentioned above it will
30643: This Python function takes an input of 'lst' which is supposed to be either empty or not. If it’s indeed the case that l
30644: This function tries to return the value of 'true' and an associated key from dictionary. If it doesn’t find that specific entry in its database
30645: This function checks the value of 'pi' and returns different paths based on it. If pi is greater than or equal to 2*n,
30646: If the input 'document or uid' object has both properties ('dict') AND it contains property named as ‘uid’ then return its value
30647: This function takes two vectors of length 4 and returns the dot product. The result is calculated as if both input arrays were multiplied element by elements
30648: This script generates an array of keywords from the repository's language keyword patterns defined by TextMATE grammar files, which are then used to highlight matching
30649: This function checks whether the input argument can be considered as unicode string or not. If it's of str type then returns true else check other
30650: This Python function checks the first character of 'POS' and returns zero, as long there is only one dot. If more than two dots are found
30651: This Java program uses JUnit to run tests in the console." (END OF SUMMARY).'   }]}, {id:'3
30652: This line of Python script returns the list split by newline character, without including empty strings if any exist in between or at either end (
30653: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30654: This is an example of a simple linear regression model. The equation used here represents the relationship between two variables, 'N' and ‘y’
30655: This script generates an array of the age at death values from each Employees object within 'employess' list using Python and List comprehension method,
30656: This function checks if the first word of each layer in Caffemodel is "cafe" followed by "_laye". It's used
30657: This Python script generates an empty string and then fills it with dashes. The number of dash is determined by the difference between current index 'I'
30658: This Python script checks if the input is valid, ie., it's either 'quitting', an integer between [0 -> 8]
30659: This Python function calculates the center and dimensions of an object's bounding box based on its x & y coordinates. The width is calculated as
30660: This line of the script checks whether an Amihudami file is loaded. If it's not, then open and save options are displayed;
30661: This function takes two parameters and returns the result of adding 0.7 to both values in order from leftmost position upwards until it reaches right
30662: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns as is ie., if conversion isn
30663: This Python script creates an array of zeros with the size equal to max sequence length. If token 3 is one hundred, it assigns value
30664: Returns the extension of file name.  For example, if you have "example_file", it will output ".txt". If no extention is
30665: This Python script splits the input 'text' into two lists. The first list is made up of all second elements from each string split by space
30666: This Python function returns the complement of DNA sequence. It takes one character as input and return its corresponding nucleotide in reverse strand, or it
30667: This line of the given Python script is splitting an input string by spaces and joining it with hyphen (-). The second part where we are taking care
30668: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the keys of 'history' dictionaries to extract values from each last element if it exists
30669: This script checks if the 'author' object has an attribute named `afliation`, and returns either success or failure based on whether it exists
30670: This Python function checks if the current stack level is 3. If it's true, then return false; otherwise returns 'True'. It also
30671: This function checks if every tuple of ts and ps are equal. It does so by using the is_match() helper to check each pair individually before
30672: This Python function replaces the dot in an input string with double colons and adds prefixes to it based on whether they are aten, prim
30673: This Python function checks if there is any pair of numbers from the given array that sums up to 'target' number. If such pairs exist, it
30674: This line of Python script returns the keys from config dictionary in alphabetical order as list, which is equivalent to sorting it by key names directly
30675: This script is setting up the variables to be used in later calculations, such as the historical cost of holding and effort required by an organization or its competitors
30676: This line of the program checks if two cards have equal first elements. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that they do not
30677: This Python script calculates the area of an object defined by its top left and bottom right coordinates. The input is two tuples representing these points
30678: This function returns the maximum length of an input string. If it's less than five, then return '5', else its own value is returned
30679: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30680: This function returns the result of applying 'sign' to input x. The output is either -1, 0 or +1 depending on whether `
30681: This is an implementation of the Luca sequence using recursion. The function takes in one argument, 'N', and returns its corresponding value from either
30682: This Python function calculates the number of bytes required to represent an integer in binary format. It uses bitwise shifting and counting, which is similar but
30683: This Python function calculates the number of ways to partition 'N' items into groups, where each group can have at most one item. The total
30684: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30685: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and converts it to an integer or returns as string when possible; otherwise return None – Code
30686: This Python function takes as input two lists, `list1` and 'element' of type int. It returns another 3D matrix where each
30687: This function checks whether the input string 'None' or an empty one. If either of these conditions are met, it returns true; otherwise false and
30688: This function performs bitwise operations on the input values. It uses AND operation to find out bits that are different between two numbers and then masks these
30689: This function checks if the input is either 'Yes', ‘True’, or an integer equal to one. If it's any of these
30690: Creates dictionary with market name, ask price and volume. Converts prices to floats before storing in the dict  Code length = 10
30691: This line of the script creates an array that contains lengths or number characters per sentence. It then finds and returns maximum length from these values which is used
30692: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'tropes' input and adds each unique nonempty string to it if
30693: This Python function returns the first element of its input list and then increments it by 3. If no elements are left in our original array after
30694: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation based on whether 'direction' variable equals to down or up. If it does, then subt
30695: Creates an object with the key "reference", and its value is set to reference.  This can be used as simple dictionary in other parts of
30696: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is calculated by adding 'blocks' to its location and then applying bitwise NOT operation on it.
30697: This line of the function returns an integer value by subtracting one from another. The input is assumed to be in order numbering system, and it
30698: If the variable 'e' does not have an assigned value, it will return its current EPSGA. Otherwise - returns string with format of “
30699: This Python script returns the flattened version of inputted nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to iteratively go through each sublist
30700: This Python function splits the input string into three parts based on ":" and "/" respectively to extract two pieces of information from an URI formatting
30701: This Python script creates and returns an equivalent vector to the input vectors '+' operation is performed on them, resulting from element by elements addition of two
30702: This script checks the name of tests to decide whether they should be run or ignored. It determines which type ("skipped") is appropriate based on their
30703: This function checks if the given value is within any of two ranges. If it's between one range or both then return true else false –
30704: This function checks if the input string 's' ends with either .DAEs or formés, then it returns true only when both conditions are met
30705: This Python function returns the first occurrence of an element in sorted list that is greater than or equal to 'value'. If no such number exists, it
30706: This function returns the appropriate suffix based on an input number. It uses ternary operator to determine which of four possible cases applies and then it simply
30707: This is an equation that calculates the Universal Alpha value. It takes into account two factors, A and S/WL ratio which are both
30708: This Python script creates two lists from the given 'points' list. It then calculates and returns four values - minimums of both X & Y
30709: This Python function calculates the largest power of two that is less than or equal to 'n'. It starts with an initial value, then doubles
30710: This Python function is used to fetch details of multiple potential security risks from the given list and store them into another array called 'results'. The fetched
30711: This Python script creates an empty set, then iterates over the keys of dictionary 'Q'. If either value is found to be zero/one within
30712: A function that counts the frequency of each word present within an input document, converting all text to lowercase and splitting it into individual "words". It
30713: This Python function converts an input string to its corresponding numeric value used by the logging module's LogRecord constructor and checks if it is one
30714: Return the bucket and notification configuration from input parameters.  This is an example of how to get these values in AWS Lambda function using Python programming language
30715: This function checks if the list 'f' contains only 1s and/or zeros. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or
30716: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'finals' using their corresponding keys as indices into new dictionaries if
30717: This Python function uses the right shift operator to create an equivalent of "rotating" or shifting bits in memory. The rotation is done by 4
30718: Replace 'BI' with BibRef and replace all occurrences of Tabs in the string starting from index 0 to n, where
30719: This line of the Python script checks if last character in 'path', i.e., whether it is an ending slash ('/') using logical
30720: This function calculates the value of an equation based on two input parameters, which is essentially returning –(lat_value*coeff). The
30721: This function checks if the number is power of two. A positive integer that has only one bit set to 'one' in its binary representation, which
30722: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on input 'y'. The result is calculated as follows, where each term in parentheses
30723: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative. It then squares that number and returns it, raising no errors in other cases as well by
30724: If the shape is empty, return zero. Else it calculates and returns an element of array based on its position within that 'array'. For
30725: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
30726: Code successfully executed and returned the expected result. – Status is set to 'True' with an associated error/exception messsage in case of
30727: This Python function converts the first letter of each word to uppercase and adds an ellipsis at end if there is no period. If last
30728: If the first element of `subInfos` is ‘zero’, return whether or not second value in 'info' list greater than zero
30729: This function returns the value of an input number in dictionary. If it's not found then default to string representation and if still doesn’t exist
30730: Checks if the first character of string 'name', which is assumed to be an array element, equals underscore ('_'). If it does then
30731: This function returns the header, data string and footer in that order. (Note - The "f-"string formatting is used to
30732: This Python function splits the input string on underscores and capitalizes each word, then joins them back together with no spaces or special characters between
30733: This function returns an array of three elements that sum up to zero in decimal form with precision at most one place after the comma and type is Float
30734: This Python script creates an extension of the input string by repeating each character once and then removing one instance at every step, until there are no more characters
30735: This function checks whether the input `X` has an instance of 'list' or its first element. If it isn’t ‘a List
30736: This line of the program calculates and returns Des as per given formula. The value 'des' is calculated by subtracting "se" from each
30737: This function checks if the file name contains certain keywords. If it does, then returns different strings based on those keyords; otherwise return 'ZZ'
30738: This Python function takes as input an object `data` and returns another dictionary with the same structure but values are replaced by their corresponding keys from original if
30739: This function takes two strings as input and returns the shorter string followed by an equal number of dashes. The purpose is to align these shortest substr
30740: This line of Python script creates an array with ten elements, all initialized to zero. The first element is set as 'job', the second one sets
30741: This function checks the value of 'reactioN' and returns it. If not, then return an error message with its original form in brackets
30742: This Python function checks three conditions. If the 'None' values are present in either of them, it returns two dictionaries with corresponding keys set to
30743: This line of the script checks whether or not an inputted filename ends with ".xlsx". If it does, then removes all characters after and
30744: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
30745: This Python function checks whether the key 'a' exists within dictionary `d` or its value contains subkey/value pair of {“name”
30746: This Python function finds the largest number that is divisible by both three AND five. If no such numbers exist, it returns "-1". The while
30747: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters in the input string with '|' character, thus transforming it into one single row per
30748: Code reads the file and converts it to date time object then calculates how old is that data in seconds if less than 1 minute else returns
30749: Checks whether the payload contains table info. If it does, returns that information; otherwise raises an exception with message "No Table Info" –
30750: Code block not valid, break and return from the function. (Note that in Python 'is' operator returns True if both operands are
30751: This Python function calculates the maximum of two numbers by using an arithmetic operation and returns zero if it's less than or equal to one half
30752: This script maps IPs to nodes. It iterates over the 'allNodes' data and creates an association between each allocated network interface with its corresponding
30753: This function calculates the score of an exam by dividing total_time(in seconds)/numberOfQuestions. It takes two parameters, '
30754: Replace newline characters with paragraph tags and wrap the content in div tag, then format it as HTML string using Jinja template engine to generate
30755: This Python function checks the last digit of an inputted integer and appends 'suffix' to it based on its value. If not specified as
30756: This function returns the part of string that is enclosed by parentheses in Python language, or an empty str when there's no such pair
30757: This python function counts the number of tabs ('\t') and returns it as an integer. If more than three, then return zero otherwise same value
30758: This function generates all possible subsets of the set {...,-3,...,4} with length `N={..}->{}". format(-len
30759: This piece of Python script checks the value in variable 'origin' and returns different strings based on its values. If it is ‘zero’,
30760: This line of the script is setting up variables to hold values from two nested dictionaries. The keys "subject" and "object", which are used
30761: If both `None` dictionaries are provided as input parameters to the function then it creates an empty dictionary and returns that new one which was created by
30762: This Python function calculates the product of all numbers from 0 to 'n' using an iterative approach. It initializes "product" as
30763: This line of the given Python script checks if last character in an input string is "/" then returns True, else it will check all characters except final
30764: This function calculates the square root of x, then multiplies it by six to give an output that is approximately equal in size as original input value
30765: This Python function finds the maximum degree of all elements present within an inputted array. The variable "com" is not used, but it's
30766: This function calculates the sign of determinant. It takes three points as input and returns an integer indicating whether it's negative, zero or positive
30767: This Python function is used in an attempt at finding records from the database using SQL queries, and if it fails due some reason then prints out error message
30768: This line of the Python function checks if an integer is in two's complement format. It does so by checking whether its least significant bit, which
30769: This Python script splits the input string into variables 'V', ‘T’ & ''N'' using '/' as separator then converts
30770: This Python function calculates the accuracy of an output prediction. It compares each element from two lists and increments 'Score' if they match,
30771: This Python script uses nested loops to check if the point is within any of several rectangular regions. If it's not inside at least one region then
30772: This Python function replaces the part of URL that starts with 'http://' or https, and adds an email address before it using @ symbol as
30773: This Python script generates an output string from the given list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements - one is length and another element to be
30774: This Python script is an infinite loop that keeps searching the string 's' until it finds '\x0'. If found, clears all characters from
30775: This line of the given Python script is creating an array where each element represents all unique strings found within ';\' separated input string, which are then
30776: This Python function checks the first few lines of an input file to see whether it contains information about filesystems, and returns three integers correspondingly - size
30777: This Python script checks the file extension of an URL and returns 'Z', if it's gzi, bzz or xxx compressed files;
30778: This Python script creates an object named 'colors' that maps color names to ANSI escape codes, and then uses the map function in combination
30779: This line of the Python script checks if first character in file name is '.', which means it's likely to be an image or some kinda
30780: This Python script creates and returns dictionary with keys as "Title", “X Label”, 'Y label',‘ X major tics’,'
30781: This Python script creates an SSH connection string using the provided parameters. If 'sshtype' is not set to ‘true’ it will create
30782: This function calculates the value of the integral using Simpson's rule. It takes three parameters, two floats and one float respectively which are
30783: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases as there are no conditions to
30784: This function checks if the given number is within specified range.  The input and output are both numbers, but it only returns True or False based on
30785: This function returns the base name of an item, which is assumed to be either pom or xml file in our case and checks if it's
30786: This function returns the current page number based on an inputted 'index'. If it's less than some value then return one. Else check
30787: This Python function takes as input an array of sentences and returns the fourth word from each sentence, treating them like dictionary keys with no value associated to it
30788: Checks whether both inputs are either integers of floats. If they aren't it raises an error with the message "Aand Bmustbe
30789: This line of Python script is splitting each annotation into individual word(s). It'll be useful if you have textual data to analyze or process
30790: This function checks if the file name is either 'ignored' by checking it against an array of ignored filenames, and/or has one
30791: This Python script splits the input string into minutes and seconds using ':' as separator then converts them to floats before adding together in order
30792: This function returns the appropriate character depending on what separator is passed to it. It handles different types of delimiters like pipe, comma and space
30793: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an array that represents frequency vectors. The frequencies are calculated by multiplying each element in 'index
30794: This Python script generates the n best indices from an input list of size 'range' with maximum value.  The output is then returned as one line
30795: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences in 'field' string with '.', and then splits it into list using split()
30796: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30797: This Python function takes as input an array of points and returns the minimum bounding box coordinates. The first point is used to initialize min/max values
30798: Returns whether the current scope is of type 'node' or not. 0 if false, and nonzero value otherwise based on presence/absence
30799: This function returns the coordinates of points that are within radius units from an origin point. The returned values represent those in terms relative to their original position and
30800: This function removes the given 'child' from its parent and updates other parts of it based on their definitions or thresholds if necessary; then returns
30801: If the input is less than or equal to zero, return zeros. Otherwise calculate and subtract from original value by one more then seven times itself
30802: This function calculates the radius of region around each pixel in an image based on its position and size using pixels as reference point to calculate distance from center
30803: This line of the Python script is splitting up an input string into two parts, 'base' and '.ext', using both file names in Unix
30804: This Python script calculates the difference between two histograms, ie., it returns dictionary of keys that are present only once or have different values
30805: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30806: This Python function takes three parameters and returns them in the form of an string. If any parameter are `None` it ignores that value else pre
30807: "A String variable named 'url' is declared and initialized with the value of an input URL." (END OF SUMMARY).  ```
30808: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from another given dict using default value of 0 as per requirement to avoid KeyError
30809: This line of the given Python script splits 'str' into substrings at each occurrence found in string f and returns them as list, which is
30810: This function looks up and returns an element from "chain". If it can not be found or finds multiple elements then appropriate error message will raise.
30811: This function converts meters to feet by multiplying the input with constant value of .498 inversion factor and rounds it off at two decimal
30812: Checks if the last 8 characters of two strings are equal. This is often used to check whether an ID or some other unique identifier has been
30813: This script creates an environment dictionary from the given input parameters using get() method of Python's builtin dict class and returns it as output if all
30814: This Python script calculates the 'middle' of two dates by subtracting one from another. The result is then used to calculate an offset in terms
30815: This Python script is used to extract the textual content of all nonempty node types from an XML document, resulting string "text".  The function
30816: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements multiplied by an example value. The result is then returned as 'normalized' or normalized mean
30817: This Python script takes an input string, checks if it contains commas or slashes and then converts the split parts into floats before storing them
30818: This Python function takes as input an integer n and returns the string representation of each row, column or diagonal. The output is formatted with square brackets
30819: This Python function generates an array of numbers from 0 to nco - using the rjus method. The result is joined into one string with
30820: If the input 'Dimension' variable "dime", it checks whether its type matches with string.  It also handles cases where dimension can be
30821: This function takes an optional parameter, 'argument', and returns the split version of that string as list or empty array in case it's not provided
30822: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30823: This Python function calculates the power of two numbers. If an exception occurs during execution, it prints out error message with details about what went wrong and
30824: This Python script is used to identify the type of file based on its extension. It checks if any tag matches with given paths and returns that match,
30825: If the 'rawResourceTypeId' exists, return its last part of path; otherwise it returns "None".  This function will be used to
30826: A function to calculate the number of ways you can choose k items from n total.  It uses Binomial Coefficient formula which is used
30827: If the action is set, return true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there's an error occurred during execution of function 'policy_check
30828: This function returns different mood scores based on the total score of user's feelings. The range and return value are defined in an elif statement within each
30829: A function that takes two lists as input, and returns an empty dictionary. The first list is used to index the second one; each element of both
30830: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the graph and then counts its number. The function 'count_graph' takes as input one
30831: This Python script is used to calculate the ratio of each word appearing on its own line and then returns these ratios as pairs with their corresponding keys from '
30832: This function returns the path to data files related with cik.  It concatenates ' edger's directory name and '/', then appending
30833: This line of the given Python script checks whether there exists an event Loop. If it doesn’t exist, then one will be created and stored
30834: This function takes an input string, converts it to lowercase and filters out non alphanumeric characters except hyphen (-). It then maps
30835: This Python function tries to return the keys of conf['template'] dictionary. If it fails, an empty array is returned instead which indicates that there are
30836: This line of the program is checking if current integer in list 'int_values' ‘value’ or greater than, and then it will continue
30837: This Python script creates an equivalent dictionary with only the entries where 'occur' is greater than 1 but less or equal to specified number of repet
30838: This function calculates the delay time in seconds based on an input number, which is then multiplied by some constant and added to another value before being
30839: This function calculates the area of triangle using base and height. The formula is given as "(Base*Altitude)/2". It returns an
30840: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
30841: "Check if the string contains any uppercase letters"  Code:"if isupper() then true else false end". This function checks whether or not
30842: If the author' s given is 'Tec', it checks whether their work has been tagged as vTeC, which means that they are working
30843: This Python script is designed to return the URL http// www . enter komp ut er  com / as output, which can be used in other
30844: This function checks whether an object contains the attribute "has attr". If it does not have that attribtue then tries getting source from there using
30845: If the 'config' dictionary contains an entry with key of ‘“Bucke”’, it returns that configuration. Otherwise return None and
30846: Returns the URL with 'path' appended to http:/ test server.  The result is always same, but it can be used as an alternative
30847: Checks if the provided 'None' value and/or an empty string. If either of these conditions are met, it returns True; otherwise False
30848: This function calculates the average of two numbers, taking into account their maximum and minimum values. It does so by subtracting one number from another to
30849: This Python function counts the number of times an element is greater than its preceding one. It starts by initializing 'inc' to ‘zero’
30850: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30851: This Python script splits the string into parts, checks if it has two elements and modifies them as necessary to fit in one line of execution;
30852: This line of the script is creating an object with user information. The first name, last names and username are being used to create unique identifiers that
30853: This Python function converts age units to their corresponding word equivalent in English using the dictionary provided as input, with 'convert' being case insensitive and
30854: If the keys 'key' & ‘ value’ exist, return their values. Else only returns an empty tuple when all three conditions are not
30855: This function checks whether the input 'keyword' variable type or value and performs different actions based on these conditions; it replaces backticks (" ")
30856: This Python script splits the file name into two parts based on "/" and "_", then returns one of these split elements as output, which is
30857: This Python function counts the number of characters and/or numbers within an inputted list. It uses 'is' to check if each element inside that
30858: This Python function splits the input string into separate 'lines' and then finds out which of these is most long, returning that length as output value
30859: "Matches first line of documentation string"  # noqa E306/N897 - ignore linting error here
30860: This Python function takes an array of numbers and scales it to fit within the range [0.637498; ]. The scale
30861: This script checks if the URL ends with one of four common extensions (.RSS, .XML or Atom). If it does then return true.
30862: This Python function replaces all spaces in the input string with no space, and returns it as output from one line of python scripting only using built
30863: This Python function calculates the greatest common denominator of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm. The while loop continues until 'r' is not zero which
30864: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30865: This line of the Python script checks whether an input 'result' dictionary has any entry with that same name. If it does, then returns false;
30866: This Python script splits the given path into its components and returns them in reverse order excluding last component which is '.', then joins it back with
30867: This function checks if the given object has an attribute named "STRONGHOLD_IS_" and returns its value. If it doesn't have
30868: This Python function returns the required dictionary with publication ID and cosines similarity. It also includes timestamp of creation as well document hash from inputted JSON object
30869: This Python function takes as input an n x m matrix and returns the diagonal elements of that 1D list. The first element is at position '
30870: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30871: This function checks if the input string has all unique characters. It does so by converting it to set and comparing its size with original one, returning true
30872: "Checks whether the given interval pairs do NOT overlap."  Code explanation and usage example in Python language"   }}};'}';
30873: This function checks if the given Sudoko board is valid. It does so by checking each row, column and 3x3 subgrid to
30874: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with copies of the given element Elements N times using 'range' function and append method respectively
30875: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' `o` belongs to class "float" or not by using builtin python functions like “
30876: This function checks if the given list of points is within an ellipse defined by two lists. The first argument should be another iterable containing t
30877: If the list has exactly two elements in it and is not empty then append '0' to end of that element else return all items joined by comma
30878: This function checks if the remainder of division by 'y' is zero. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False – in Python language
30879: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
30880: This function checks if the current character is equal to its previous one in case sensitive mode. If both conditions are met, it returns True; otherwise False
30881: This Python script checks the user's input and sets 'Start State'. If they type either of two specific strings ("Yes/YES"), it
30882: This Python function returns the opposite of an input. If it's false, then 'Off', and true or None -> On'. Else
30883: If the list is empty, return zero. Otherwise check length of input and perform different operations based on it; otherwise calculate sum with last element multiplied
30884: This function returns different learning rates based on the number of training iterations done so far in an iterative process, which is used to adjust weights during back
30885: This script checks the first few lines of Python source file to determine whether it is part or not, and then proceeds with further processing based on that information
30886: This function returns the RGB values of red color. 0 is black and each value in range from -1 to +3 represents different shades or intensity
30887: This function takes an input list of items and returns the first unique element in that array along with its count. If there are no uniques it will
30888: If the string's character count is more than 1, return "Too long" else returns original text. This function checks whether or not
30889: This Python script splits the filename into ids and returns them in reverse order as requested by user inputted string formatting option – e..
30890: This Python script checks the value of 'number' and returns false, unless it is equal to either two or three. If not then return true otherwise
30891: This function calculates the cycle length of numbers. If 'number' is one, it returns "one". Otherwise; depending on whether number has an
30892: Set the "app.searchCopyToMetadata" configuration to true in config file and return it as result of function  Code is used by other parts
30893: If there are any game records in the list 'game', return their sum. Otherwise returns an empty array instead of None or False value which is equivalent
30894: This Python function takes as an argument the dictionary `default` and returns it's copy, but with all keys from another given dict replacing those of
30895: This block of Python script flattens nested JSON objects into one level deep using recursion and dictionary keys as prefixes to the new values from original
30896: This function returns the result of dividing x by ‘+’ operator and then multiplying it with '*' operation. The value returned is
30897: This function calculates the weighted average of two values, with weights depending on whether they are NaNs/infs and their relative position in sequence
30898: This Python script is used to randomly shuffle an array of integers. The function takes as input the list 'array' and returns another randomized version
30899: This function filters out the edges that have either of their coordinates equal to ‘zero’. It does so by using Python's built in '
30900: If the input 'None' or not convertible to an integer, return "Error". Otherwise round and format as per instructions. The result should be
30901: This python script creates an array of size 'num' with all elements set to zero, then it fills the pallete by shifting and bitwise OR
30902: This Python function checks all possible substrings of the given sequence that match with provided kmers and returns their positions as list, when input parameters are not
30903: This function checks whether the string 'g' contains any character that is not an alphanumeric or underscore. If it does, then return
30904: This function calculates the position of an object in 3D space. It takes as input two parameters - 'origin' and index, which are
30905: This function calculates the nth Fibonacci number. It uses recursion to calculate it, but instead of using an iterative approach
30906: This Python script calculates the ratio of air's average molecule weight to greenhouse gas emissions by comparing it with known values and using an
30907: This Python function takes as input the list of tokenized sentences and returns an equivalent IDS. It uses dictionary mapping to convert each word into its corresponding
30908: This line of the Python function returns an amount in dollars by dividing it with ten hundred, which is equivalent to one dollar and cent as defined on
30909: This function returns the longest string in data, which is essentially finding out what word or phrase has been used most frequently across all strings within 'data'.
30910: This Python function calculates the result of n choose m by using mathematical formula.  The value is calculated as "((m - r + 0 +
30911: This function checks whether the input 'str' object or its lowercase version of itself are palinromes by comparing first character with last one in
30912: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'values' and removes each element that matches its own current position from another copy
30913: Removes the first two elements of an input string and checks whether they are separated by '--' or '-'. If not true it returns False.
30914: This Python function tries to convert the input into either an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then returns as is i
30915: This Python script attempts to run the command "python --version" in your system's terminal and checks if it was successful or not by catching any
30916: This Python function generates segments of 4 hours long from 'f_Start' to the end time in steps or intervals by adding an increment value as
30917: If the ETag header is "*" or not provided, return True. Otherwise check that it matches with an input string; otherwise False – based
30918: This line of Python script calculates the average size in pixels per meter squared. The result is then used to scale up or down an image based
30919: This function returns either `x` is less than, equal to or greaterthan the value of variable 'y' depending on that comparison. If not
30920: This Python function takes two parameters - 'query' and the list of elements to be processed by it; then splits each parameter into key/value
30921: This Python script is used to extract the necessary information from an SFN. The main function works by shifting and masking bits in order of priority which
30922: This Python script checks if the input object ' df'  belongs to pandasp DataFrame. It does so by checking whether it possesses certain properties
30923: This function flattens the given nested lists. It starts by checking whether or no input is provided, and returns an empty array in such case;
30924: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30925: If the value passed to it as parameter 'var' can either by boolean type directly return that variable itself; else check whether its lowercase version of
30926: This function calculates the distance between two points in three dimensions. It assumes that both input lists are of length exactly one and contain only numbers representing coordinates
30927: This Python script calculates the value of variable 'var' based on two input parameters. The inputs are converted to floats and then used in calculations
30928: This Python script generates the ranking of jobs based on their IDs from an input data set and returns them as sorted list with each item having its own
30929: This Python function converts the given time in minute format to hours and remaining minuts. The result is returned as string with two digits if needed
30930: This function takes in an input string, converts it to title case and then replaces all non alphanumeric characters with nothing.  It
30931: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
30932: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'm== 1', it returns "
30933: This function checks if the number of arguments passed to it is between 4 &amp;#x301;"and&#896"
30934: This Python script splits the input sequence into individual characters and masks each character with an underscore ("_"). The result is then joined back together
30935: This function takes in two lists and returns the list of all elements that are present at least once. The first parameter is an array with nested arrays;
30936: Returns the default visibility of an object.  This is typically 'public' or "private" depending on how it was created in your program, but
30937: If the length of short sequence is greater than long, return an empty string.  Otherwise continue with your function's logic as normal...   [
30938: Code converts string to floating point number, handles exceptions and changes case of the input if necessary – based on specific conditions defined by user or program
30939: This Python script takes an input string, splits it into key/value pairs using the 'and' symbol and returns dictionary with values of each unique
30940: This function calculates the number of ways to climb n steps using either one, two step at once. If there are no staircases return "No
30941: This Python function returns the second element of each tuple from an input list, but only when that value is present within another provided set.  The output
30942: This function calculates the similarity ratio between two strings based on their lengths. It takes into account that if one string is longer than twice its length in
30943: This Python function attempts extraction of user' s Cogntio Username using AWS Lambda authorization context in an attempt, if it fails then
30944: Calculates derivatives needed in Black Scholes model and then uses them as inputs into an optimization algorithm that finds optimal parameters alpha, beta etc., which are
30945: This function checks if the first element of column ‘column_name’ in table 'table' is greater than equal to its corresponding value from another
30946: This line of the function returns one element from an array that is created by splitting 'split_directory' on '/'. The second part in Python,
30947: This function checks if the string starts with an ASCII tab (\0x9), followed by non space character(s).  It returns True in
30948: This Python function checks whether the input values are negative. If both numbers were negatives it returns their absolute value divided by gcd of two inputs else
30949: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is less than or equal to one, it returns "one". Otherwise
30950: This Python script checks if the keys and values of 'dictionary' are equal or not by iterating over each item present within it using items()
30951: This line of the Python script calculates an exponential decay factor based on its current order number and total orders in series, which is then used to scale
30952: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from string. 10/3rd line of the function is empty, as it does not do anything
30953: This function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence using memoization. If 'n' is less then zero it throws an error message "
30954: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an elevation angle based on given zenit angles, which is 18 degrees less than that
30955: Code is an empty dictionary. No operation performed on it, just returning the result of its creation which always returns {}. (END SUMMARY
30956: This Python function checks whether the given number is within – or outside of, between and including. It returns true when it's either equal to
30957: If the types of 'a' and ‘b’ are different then return value from function call with argument as "return" followed by arguments passed
30958: This Python function checks the input 'Revisions' and returns appropriate output based on its data types; it handles different cases of revisions like head/
30959: This function checks the type of 'input' and modifies it accordingly. If input isn’t none or not an instance then just appends to
30960: This Python function reverses the string and replaces each character with its complementary one. If input is an empty list, it returns that as well
30961: Loops through the string, counting how many times each character appears consecutively.  It then adds that count to "result" and updates 'prev
30962: This function calculates the ratio of two moments in three different variables. The ratios are calculated by dividing each moment with its corresponding density variable and then
30963: If the string ends with specified subtring, remove it from end of main String else return as is  Code snippet : `if 'abc
30964: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an expression involving three variables. The input is expected to be in form 'x', where x represents any
30965: This Python function returns the required JSON object to be used in an Amazon Lex runtime environment's response message structure – it takes as input two parameters
30966: This Python function creates and returns dictionary with the specified parameters. The type of cell is set to 'Cell', criteria used in comparison operation ('Greather
30967: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to create and returns new lists by raising each element from the first input array 'V1' with corresponding
30968: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many positions away from 'Z' or any other uppercase letter in
30969: This Python function checks whether the input 'item' can be considered as dictionary or not and returns its first key value pair in case of true else it
30970: If the string 'name' starts with "O", return true, else false – Code is checking whether or not an inputted variable named `
30971: This function takes two parameters, adds them together and returns the result.  It's simple but effective in many situations where you need to perform an
30972: This function takes an input number and returns the integer part of that rounding to 0 decimal places. If there is no fractional component, it
30973: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes in x and y as input, adds them together then divides by half to get an
30974: This Python script counts the frequency of each last element from 'data' set and stores it into dictionary format with keys as unique elements found at -th
30975: This function keeps adding spaces to the end of an input string until its length is at least 10 characters. It then returns that modified version as
30976: This Python function checks if the given input is palindrome or not by converting it to lower case and ignoring spaces & dashes which are common
30977: This function returns the dictionary of all data in 'data' object.  It is used to get information about different types and sizes stored within an array
30978: This function checks if the coordinates of two objects are overlapping. It does so by checking whether one object's y coordinate is within another’ s
30979: This line of the Python script is creating two variables. The first variable 'token' holds one value from an array named "record". Secondly it
30980: This function checks the type of input and returns it in different formats. If no argument provided then return 'Null'. For boolean values true/false we
30981: This line of the function returns '1' if `x` is less than or equal to 4, else it will shift bits in binary representation
30982: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns multiplication between two integers.  The variables 'x' &amp;nd&nbsp;&#
30983: This function takes an input string and returns the same in all cases. It is used to convert method names from upper case into their corresponding, equivalent methods
30984: If the input 'x' does not exist, return it as such; otherwise replace all non-"------" characters with nothing and then strip any leading
30985: This program simulates the exchange of bottles. It keeps track and updates on how many exhanges are made during each iteration until all bottless have
30986: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with numbers from 0 to the input number of wheels using looping constructs like "for
30987: This function counts the number of males and females from given list. It uses two counters to keep track on how many male (".") or female
30988: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the input list of hashables and adds each unique element to it as key/value pair
30989: This Python function concatenates all elements of the list 'xs' with separator string. If there is no element, it returns empty strinh
30990: This Python script generates an empty list when the input 'path' is None or it doesn’s contain any elements; otherwise，it creates two lists
30991: This function scales the input x between 0 and upper_in, then shifts it to be within [lowerout , uppper out]. The
30992: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using string methods and list comprehension instead to achieve it
30993: This function checks if the last character of an input string is equal to underscore ('_') or not, then it also verifies whether its two
30994: This Python script splits the input data into transcipt and gene lists. If there are less than 3 elements in any of these arrays it
30995: This function partitions the set of numbers into two subsets with equal sums. It uses bit manipulation to find possible combinations and then checks their validity based on
30996: This function takes in the file system's current working directory and returns only one level up of that folder structure, ie., it removes all tra
30997: This line of Python script assigns the values from 'coordinates' to variables "f", which is then returned as string. 3 variable assignments
30998: This script is used to generate the report of all files in directory. It will list out each file and its size, type etc., if it'
30999: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three variables. The values are given in descending order, and it returns 'n' if
31000: This function subtracts the remainder of division by 'divisor' from number. It is used to round down numbers in Python programming language, similar
31001: This function calculates the number of 'input' and output neurons in an artificial neural network. If there is only one layer or no layers at
31002: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an inverse proportion between one point value, curr layer number out to all layers in its calculation process
31003: This Python function calculates the negative log likelihood of an action given its prediction using scipy's `norm` distribution and returns it as output
31004: This line of the given C++ program checks whether or not an integer is greater than 𝛼^(n/√m),
31005: This function takes two arguments - 'post' and the list of comments. It returns an id from each posted object along with its corresponding textual content
31006: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31007: This Python script groups the data from 'trainingData' by their first element and creates new lists with second elements of each tuple grouping them together into
31008: This Python script converts the input path to lowercase if it doesn't have an explicit file name and returns its original form otherwise, based on
31009: This Python script attempts to divide the value of variable 'v' by an integer, but if it encounters zero division error then prints out specific errors
31010: This function checks if the given URL starts with "mailto:" scheme, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it returns 'None
31011: This script is used to clean the input data by removing unnecessary characters and formatting it properly, such as splitting strings into parts or stripping trailing
31012: This function takes in an input string and replaces all spaces with '%' followed by '36', commas are replaced as is but parenthes
31013: This Python script creates an empty Set, then iterates over the list of routes and adds each item from these to our new "Set" object which
31014: This Python function checks whether the input 'Dimension' object ('axis') passed to it as an argument has been defined or declared. If no such
31015: If the input 'data' variable does not exist or it equals to null then assign default value of list with elements as integers from one upto three
31016: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31017: This Python function checks whether the input is either 'False' or ‘True’, and returns corresponding boolean value. If it doesn''t match
31018: This Python function checks whether the sum of three numbers is zero. If it's true, returns 'True', otherwise - return "False".
31019: This Python script calculates the total number of ')'s minus counts ('('.  It stores these results into an array named "program" and returns
31020: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to k inclusively if they are integers and returns it as Integer else raises domain error
31021: This function takes in four coordinates and returns 4 new points that are half the distance away from each of them. The distances between these two sets is
31022: This function checks if the string contains either "\r" or "\n". If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned indicating that there
31023: If the 'hit' variable is zero, return it as such. Otherwise calculate and then divide by "if not" to avoid division with z
31024: This line of the given C# function generates an integer value by subtracting one from xrandr_val multiplied with ten. The result is
31025: This Python function checks whether the input 'p' has been given as percentage values. If it hasn’t then these are converted to decimal form and
31026: Returns the configuration parameters of an object.  This function is used to get all available configurations and their values from any given NodeJS module or class instance
31027: If the 'benchmark' dictionary does contain an entry with key equal to `task`, then return that value. Otherwise returns none and prints error
31028: This Python script generates an SQL string based on the input dictionary of filter parameters. If no such parameter is provided it returns 'No Filters'. Otherwise
31029: This python function is used to create an object of type 'grant' with user id, name and permission. The returned value will be the concaten
31030: This function checks whether the label of an object is 'Point NB'. If it's not, then return false. Otherwise - true; otherwise
31031: Calculates the difference between two angles. If current angle is greater than previous, it calculcated as positive delta else calculated with 189
31032: This function returns the string 'JSONObject' concatenated with input parameter.  It is used to create JSON objects in Python programming language using json module
31033: Move the robot from one point to another. 	Inputs/Output(S): x and Y coordinates of two points as input parameters in tuple
31034: This function filters out data points that are outside the specified range of values on both axes from two lists `X` &amp;nd  `Y
31035: This Python function converts the date and time into seconds. The order of elements in 'd' list is assumed to be [year(YY),
31036: This line of Python script returns the list 'torso' in alphabetical order based on their names. The function uses lambda to extract and
31037: This line of the script is returning an item from dictionary with "uf" as its value. The function returns both 'element' and it’s
31038: If the input 'List of Authros' isn’t an instance/empty then return none; else it returns first author in case there are more
31039: This line of the given C++ function is performing an unsigned right shift operation on 'x' and then checking if it equals to one. If true
31040: This Python script splits the input string "prereq", which is assumed to be formatted as one line of text with each course requirement separated by new
31041: This function removes the specified string from start of inputted 'text'. If it starts with to remove, then return remaining part after removing and leaving out
31042: This Python function returns an array of dictionaries. Each dictionary contains the name and type information about two columns in your dataframe - 'band' column
31043: This function checks if the given string starts with "validations" OR 'Aggregation' in Python, returning True only when it does NOT both of
31044: This function checks if every number in the list is less than or equal to another. If it's not, then returns False; otherwise - True
31045: This function checks the data type of an input and returns it as string. If not recognized, then just outputs original datatype name in case there
31046: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31047: This function checks whether the string '/' is present within any of its characters, and returns that character or else it formats an error message with '{
31048: If the confusion matrix is empty, set 'Recall' to 0. Otherwise calculate and return Recal from Confusion Matrix if it exists else returns
31049: If the given file doesnt exist or is empty then it returns its value else return none – Code snippet to be used as reference when
31050: If the 'guides' variable in function parameters, it means that no guide was provided. In such case return none as there are not any actions
31051: This function returns two values from the given position. The first value is obtained by bitwise AND operation with mask of '1's in binary representation
31052: This Python script creates an object that maps each unique element of the input list to its count using dictionary data structure and returns it as output which is then
31053: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output. The input parameters are p, which is multiplied by tenths(th
31054: This Python function calculates the maximum value of an array by using dynamic programming. It uses two variables to keep track and update values at each index which
31055: This Python script creates and returns the configuration dictionary from two dictionaries, 'web' & '_default'. The keys of both are compared to create new
31056: This Python function calculates the Jaro distance between two strings, taking into account weights and scaling factors to avoid overflows in floating point arithmetic when
31057: This function calculates the value of an input frequency based on its type and returns it as per given conditions in one line only using ternary operator
31058: Summation with an additional 1. The input is added by one to get its result, and then it's increased again because we want our
31059: This Python function checks if the input dictionary has an entry with key 'inputs' and value not equal to A'. If it does then assign that
31060: This function retrieves the Gerrit change URL from an input dictionary of actions if it exists, else returns 'None'.  It uses Python'
31061: This function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace if necessary using the strip method on Python strings or lists depending upon whether
31062: This Python function raises the error "Value Error" when 'if' condition is not met. It then calculates and returns two values by repeatedly div
31063: This Python function takes in the request path and returns an absolute file system location. The 'absfolder' is joined with '/reqPath'.
31064: This Python function checks the length of an inputted 'str' and returns it, but only when its not empty. If last character is newline
31065: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31066: This function checks if the given string 'name' does NOT end with "Display", doesn’t contain “Monitor”, or contains slant
31067: This Python script splits the given `file` path into two parts based on '.'. If there are more than 3 components in total it
31068: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31069: This function takes an input value v and returns the equivalent integer in RGB color space. The result is calculated by subtracting it from maximum possible intensity of
31070: This Python script splits the two input strings into their individual 'line' components and then compares them element by –element to determine if they
31071: This piece of Python script checks whether the number 'is big mat' should be set to True or False. If rows in matrix are less than
31072: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31073: This function takes in the percentage as input and returns an integer value. The result is rounded to nearest whole number by dividing it with 'scale'
31074: This function converts the given amount of money in USD to cents. It's simply multiplies by ten hundred and returns it as resultant value
31075: This line of Python script merges the current configuration with an additional key/value pair. The new value is added to 'dict' data type in
31076: This line of the program calculates and assigns length to variable 'len' using Python.  The function is called on an input string, which
31077: This line of the given Python script creates an IP address by concatenating 4 parts with '.' as separator and assigns it to variable `
31078: This Python function generates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'n' terms. It uses two variables "cur" and "" at first but
31079: This Python script returns the names of 10 variables used in it. The first ten are related to Santa Clara, Waterburry and their
31080: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31081: This function crops the image to fit within an area defined by two points. The coordinates of these are given as input parameters and it returns how much space
31082: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31083: This function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The input is the binary representation of some number, and it returns that same digit as
31084: If the input list 'None' OR empty then return zero. Otherwise find maximum subarray sum using Kadane’ algorithm and keep track of current
31085: This function converts CWI input variables to Workflow Description Language format using the appropriate conversion rules based on their type/structure – lists are converted
31086: This function calculates the side of an equilateral triangle given two sides. The smaller one is used as its base and it's height will
31087: This function checks if the longitude difference between two locations is more than 96.4 degrees, which means they are either on opposite sides of
31088: This function checks if every element of the 'configuration' list is present as keys within our dictionary. If not, it returns False; otherwise True after
31089: This Python script reverses the order of elements within each sublist and also flips their sign. It does not return anything, but modifies its
31090: This Python script uses regular expressions to check if the input string ends with ":" and then returns it, or else return 'None'.  It'
31091: This function checks if the hypothesis and examples are equal. If they're not equivalent it returns false; otherwise true is returned after checking each pair of
31092: Checks if the given attribute name is valid according to some regex pattern. The regular expression checks that it starts with an uppercase letter, followed by
31093: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31094: This function maps the input number to an output value within specified range. The mapping is linear and continuous but can be skewed or stretched by adjusting
31095: This function splits the input string into components based on "-"; it then rearranges these parts to form an appropriate filename format; if certain conditions
31096: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using dynamic programming. It's an efficient way to calculate large numbers in terms of time complexity
31097: This line of the program checks if first character in string is either an "a" ("A") – it returns True. If not, then
31098: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from n that are divisible by either three, fourteen ,or both. It uses list comprehens
31099: This Python function takes an atomic or molecular symbol as input and returns the first part of that string. It does so by iterating through each character until
31100: This Django version is the latest Long Term Support(LTS). It's an easy way to get started with Python and web development in general
31101: This function calculates the average of three numbers. It's an example to show how Python handles arithmetic operations in different contexts, such as optim
31102: Checks if the input string 'age' can be converted to an integer, and returns false otherwise with stripped leading/trailing spaces from it
31103: This function returns the number of copies to be made based on how many times it has been called, with an additional cost per copy added in case there
31104: If the input number is negative then it calculates √[x^(-y)] using Python. The function 'fpow' raises one
31105: This Python script creates an empty list called 'hist' and then iterates over it to extract the ids of all arms from each dictionary entry using
31106: This line of the function calculates and returns whether or not two points are collinear. It does so by calculating cross products, then checks if they
31107: This Python function calculates the lower and higher bounds of each Quartiles in an array. The number 'round' is used to ensure that we get
31108: This function is used to add columns into the table. It checks whether each of these new added elements exists within an existing "Columns". If it does
31109: This Python script returns the geographical level of 'Geo' in dictionary format. The values are printed as is, and there isn’s no
31110: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space. The coordinates of both these point are given as input and it returns their difference squ
31111: This Python function checks the "withSection" key in 'courseInfo' dictionary. If it exists, then returns ['Department', Course Number','
31112: This Python function generates the list of elements that are greater than an absolute value less or equal to 𝜋*epsilon from two lists x
31113: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern ".*==*.," and returns dictionaries with key value pairs if it's successful else return none or
31114: This Python script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The coordinates are calculated based on their minimum and maximum values in each dimension respectively to ensure that only
31115: This function checks the length of password, and also verifies whether it contains certain characters. If all conditions are met then return true else false; otherwise
31116: This function takes two parameters, first number and second parameter 'N', it returns the sum of these numbers divided by "two" rounded down to nearest
31117: This line of Python script returns the negative value (-1*variable_name).  It's used to reverse or negatively affect an input.
31118: This function takes an array of Float as input and returns the summation result. (Code ends here:: )  ```Ruby
31119: This Python script generates all possible unique subsets of the given list 'elements'. The subset is generated by adding two elements from original set, and then removing
31120: Checks the validity of an ID number. If it's valid and passes Luhns algorithm checks then return True; otherwise false is returned with
31121: This Python script splits the file's name and its type, then checks if it is an image or not by comparing with known extensions ("J
31122: This Python script creates an empty string "uniq" and then iterates over the input character list, adding each unique element to it as long its
31123: This Python function calculates the sum of FIBONACCI series where each number is divisible by three. The loop starts with two initial numbers
31124: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables - 'column' and its corresponding value from dictionary. The variable names are taken directly form keys
31125: This line of Python script reads the contents from an input file and writes it to another output file. The 'val' is read as integer, while
31126: This Python script uses regular expressions to find specific patterns in the inputted text, specifically looking at "Proper Noun," abbreviations like Prop.,
31127: This Python script generates list of dictionaries with 'usermane' and an appended string from the inputted names. The output is then returned
31128: This function splits the input string into separate elements based on commas or spaces, depending upon whether they are present within it and returns them as list
31129: This Python function checks if the given input is properly balanced. It counts opening ("{") or closing("}"), double quotes("\""), but only
31130: This program will allow the player to move up or down on an interactive game by typing 'u' and then pressing enter, respectively. The position of
31131: This line of Python script returns the sequence from -STARTING POINT to STARTING POSITION. It's essentially creating an array with numbers
31132: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on space character and returns them as tuples in order of id & name respectively
31133: This function checks whether the number is divisible by another given integer. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true in Python language using
31134: This function checks the strategy of where to live and returns different values based on that. The first condition is when you are living alone; otherwise it depends
31135: This Python script returns the values of 'Machine', ‘Arch’ and `Scripts Path`. The output is in JSON format with these three
31136: Checks if string 'S' occurs in another given String.  If it does then returns true else false or null depending on the case sensitivity parameter
31137: If the 'None' parameter, return an error message with information about its use; otherwise it returns another formatted string containing name of function/method along
31138: This line of Python function calculates the weighted average between two numbers. The weights are given by 'x' and ‘y’, which is
31139: This Python script creates an array of unique elements from the input list 'data'. It does so by iterating over each sublist, then through its
31140: A list comprehension that creates an output array with two columns. The first column is filled by zeros and the second one contains three elements calculated as
31141: This Python function calculates the percentage change between two given dates. It does so by subtracting one date from another, dividing that result with original
31142: If the length of x is greater than that by one less element from its corresponding position value. Otherwise return false and check each item against another list'
31143: This Python function converts each character of the input string into its ASCII value or hexadecimal representation, depending on whether it's within
31144: This Python function checks whether the output variable 'outputs' contains either tuples of lists. If it does contain one element in these cases return
31145: This line of the Python script calculates and returns distance between two geographic coordinates in miles. The formula used is Haversine's Formula
31146: This line of the Python script is splitting filename by '.' and then taking only first part after split. The result will be stored in variable "name
31147: This function calculates the result of A times multiplied by 1/B and then takes modulus with respect to another number, which is stored
31148: This Python function checks whether the input argument 'None' or one of its possible string representations ("Null"/etc.) and returns it as floating point number
31149: This script is used to parse through the input text and replace "<<" with an empty space or whatever you want. It also keeps track of whether
31150: This Python function calculates the difference between an inputted 'angle' and its corresponding "base" value, then adjusts it to fall within
31151: Returns 'True' or "Success" when the input is zero, otherwise it returns False. This function checks whether an integer value of `move`
31152: This Python function calculates the sum of squares differences between corresponding elements from two lists. The difference is calculated as p[n] –q [
31153: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the data from 'typelist' and assigns each unique id of items to their
31154: This Python script sorts the list of 'match' objects in ascending order by their id numbers using an iterative approach with while loop and append method
31155: This Python function shifts the bits of an input binary string to left and adds ‘b’ if it is equal "True" or else, add
31156: This Python function finds the target cells with minimum distances from an origin cell and returns their coordinates as list of tuples sorted by row then column order
31157: This Python script is used to calculate the number of CPUs required based on minimum and maximum available RAM. It uses two variables 'prog' which
31158: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
31159: This Python function counts the number of lines from an input string. It starts at “zero” and increments by one each time it encounters
31160: If the variable 'template' has no value, it returns true; otherwise checks whether its type matches with volume and ends in "_volumne".
31161: This Python function returns the result of an AND operation on two boolean values. The first value is returned if it's not true, otherwise only then
31162: This Python function checks if the length of 'GroupKey' is 0 or not. If it isn’t two characters long then an error message
31163: This program counts the occurrence of each unique string from an input list. The output is then printed to console with formatting options set up by Python'
31164: This Python script checks the extension of an inputted filename and assigns it to its corresponding programming type. If no match is found, returns 'unknown
31165: If 'x' is an element of the set, return it. Otherwise use its last item from list as default value – Pythonic way to
31166: This function returns 'True' when the condition is met, otherwise it will return '-False'. The conditions are as follows; If entity "alive
31167: Opens the file specified by 'filename' in read mode and reads one character from it using Python builtin function `open()` & method  `
31168: This Python function converts the input 'sex' to lowercase if it is either male ("M", “MALE”, etc.) else
31169: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, taking into account an offset value and thickness in order to normalize it between different scales or units on
31170: This Python script defines the Exponential Function. The parameters are x and tau which represent input data points along with their corresponding offset values."""
31171: This Python script is used to truncates the string 'link' if its length exceeds 10 characters. If it does, then only first two
31172: Check if all keys and values of the first dictionary are present, with identical order/values as second one; return false otherwise – Code: def
31173: Code is used to store and manipulate fake data. It can be useful in testing, development or any other scenario where we need some dummy/
31174: This Python function generates Pascal's triangle. It raises an error when the input number is not greater than zero and returns one of two predef
31175: This line of the given string splits it into an array using newline as delimiter.  The result is stored in 'off' variable
31176: This Python script calculates the score of each unique sentence/phrases by summing up scores from another dictionary "words". The phrases are represented
31177: This line of the script is used to write Vivado HDF output into vhls format in case TVM_DEBUG_DUMP_
31178: This function takes an ID as input and returns the URL of youtube video with that specific YouTube Video's unique identifier in it, formatted to be
31179: This line of the Python function calculates and returns how much percentage is left after subtracting one number from another. The result will be in decimal form
31180: This function checks if the given input is one of several possible names that could be used to identify an entity.  It'll do so by checking
31181: This Python function calculates the value of k raised to h + 1 minus one divided by 'minus'one. It is used in some calculations related
31182: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the elements of two lists and adds to it only if they are present exclusively within one or
31183: This function checks the conditions to determine whether it's possible and legal in terms of physics. If any condition is not met, then return an error
31184: This script checks if the given argument is present within an array of known errors. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending
31185: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an input value, and then adding that product to another constant.  The output is simply
31186: This Python script calculates the total number of packets received by all servers from an array 'stats'. The result is then printed out to stdout using
31187: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using JavaScript. The function takes in one parameter 'limit', which represents how many terms to
31188: This Python function calculates the difference between two angles in degrees, taking into account that one angle is greater than or less then 361°
31189: Calculates the dot product of two vectors. If they have different sizes, it raises an error; if their size is less than one but greater or
31190: This Python function calculates the value of √(x^498 + 3*y + z)/sqrt((z+67
31191: If x or/and Y are neither zero nor one nad two. Raise an error with the message "crea coordenaçao inv
31192: This function calculates the ratio of green to summed light intensity. It's used in image processing tasks, such as determining how much blue is
31193: This python script calculates the number of frames by summing up all frame numbers between each pair and then dividing it with frameratemaster
31194: This function is used to fetch the details of an item from dictionary. It takes in three parameters - 'foreign_item', which represents foreign key
31195: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31196: This function checks if an object is present within the list. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there was
31197: If no job ids are provided, return true. Else check whether the given jobs have been executed or not by comparing them with stored ones from
31198: If the first number is greater than second one then swap them.  Code rewritten in Pythonic way using ternary operator and assignment statement instead
31199: This function returns the result of multiplying 'X' by itself if X is positive, otherwise it will just be returned as 1. It uses
31200: This function converts binary floating point representation to its equivalent integer format. The input is the sign, exponent and mantisa bits of an IEEE float
31201: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to o2/total*percentage, but with some adjustments made
31202: This Python function returns the list of supported operating systems based on an input parameter 'scheduler'. The different values it accepts are ['AWS Batch
31203: This function toggles the state of an "is open" variable. If it's currently closed, then opens and vice versa when called with
31204: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the transition probabilities. The keys of these dictionaries are states while values represent lists containing all possible
31205: This line of Python script returns the result rounded to one decimal place. It takes an input x and divides it by twenty then rounds off that number
31206: This program calculates the number of times it needs to iteratively subtract bond counts from an initial value until there are no more atoms left. It
31207: This function returns the string representation of an inputted number.  It uses Python's built in str() method to convert it into its corresponding ASC
31208: If the variable 'city' is equal to string value of “WORCESTER”, then change its name from WORCESTER into
31209: This Python function splits the input string into key and value using 'var' as delimiter ('=='). If it fails to split due an
31210: This Python function checks whether the value 'value' falls within certain conditions. If it does, then return its byte order in big endian format;
31211: This script is used to append the addresses of UTXOs that are associated with outputs within transactions into an array named 'utxo'. It checks
31212: This function checks whether the URL contains certain keywords and returns an integer value based on which keyword is present. If not, it defaults to return 'default
31213: This script filters out unresponded events based on the time range of interest from an input dictionary "eventDict". It then returns another dict with
31214: This function checks whether the input command 'cmd' can be interpreted as an array of strings. If it does not meet these conditions then return that information
31215: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on parameters. The input is c, l and alphas which are used to calculate u
31216: If the lengths of list A and B are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process...  [...]   else :    # Compare
31217: This line of the given Python function adds two values and returns their sum.  It's very simple, but it does exactly what is needed in
31218: If the input 'level' is less than zero it raises an error. The number of times to repeat depends on what value was given as argument in
31219: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31220: This Python function finds the key with maximum value from given list of tuples.  It uses 'None' as default if no such keys exist
31221: This line of Python script calculates the product between 'v' and PSI, then assigns it to variable "psi grid". The result is
31222: This function converts all the lowercase characters in 'text' to upper case letters using Python builtin method "str".lower().  The result
31223: This Python function converts the up time in seconds into readable format. It first calculates how many full 'day' cycles there are by using
31224: This script calculates the difference between two lists of numbers, storing it as another list. The result is returned by function call and can be used further
31225: This Python script writes the content of 'inventory_file', which is assumed to be in .csv or other TSV formats, into an
31226: This function returns an object with the given "name" parameter. The returned value is automatically prefixed by '_' character and appended to '__
31227: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method in python language., returns that same processed
31228: This Python function takes an URI as input and returns the different parts of it in order - Prefixes/Prefix Namespace /Namespace Name –
31229: This Python function checks whether the URL has an HTTP or HTTPS protocol and returns True only when it is either of these two protocols; otherwise return
31230: This script calculates precision and recall values based on the true labels of each instance, but only if there are actual positive instances to calculate them from;
31231: This line of the given C++ program is performing an arithmetic shift operation. The resultant output will be stored in 'value'.  It'
31232: This Python script uses list comprehension to check if each element of the 'row' is either an integer or floating point number. If it does not
31233: This function calculates the value of zero at any point in space using spherical coordinates. The formula is derived from physics and applied to computer science, particularly
31234: This script is designed to handle the process of starting files that have been marked as "unprocessable". It checks if these started file exist; then
31235: This function takes two unsigned integers, performs bitwise AND operation on them and returns the result. The final output is also an unsigend integer with
31236: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as output
31237: A function that returns the name of an inputted "Scene" object.  The output is in JSON format with key as 'Name' and
31238: This Python script takes as input the routes of buses and returns them sorted by their stops along with time information separated into two different strings using undersco
31239: This line of Python function returns the result rounded to two decimal places, which is equivalent in effect with converting millimeters into inches by multiplying it
31240: This Python function checks the input 'ff' and raises an error when its not of correct size. It then returns ['ff', ff].  The
31241: If the string 'internal' is NOT found within configuration, return false. Otherwise check whether value of key named as external equals to “true”
31242: This function calculates the total of squares and sums, then adds √[n]*m^4 where n is number elements. The
31243: This program takes the name of an individual and splits it into two parts. The second part is then made upper case by using `join` with
31244: This function returns the string representation of tasks data and issues. The format is set to 3 digits with leading zeros if necessary, e..
31245: This Python script checks if certain parameters are present within the 'audio' configuration. If they do, it appends their name to an output string;
31246: This line of the Python function converts all uppercase characters in string 's' to lower case using builtin method .upper().  It is
31247: Check if the function has exactly one argument and return True or false accordingly based on that condition, else it returns "False".  Code is checking whether
31248: This function takes in the filename as input and returns its extension using Python's builtin 'os', ‘splittext’, or list slic
31249: This function checks if the given string starts with "cps_" ("CPS"), “pld”, and/or 'klth'
31250: This Python function is used to add two values based on the 'Type' of operation being performed, which can be either transmission or memory and processing respectively
31251: This line of the given Python script extracts and returns only date part from an ISO 8601 formatted string. The output will be in
31252: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks whether the variable 'n' equals 1, and returns that value in case it does not
31253: This function calculates the value of y given x, width and height. It's used in some calculations related to physics simulations or graphics rendering where
31254: This function finds the maximum y value from an input list of tuples where each tuple contains three elements. The first element is used as x,
31255: This Python function converts file sizes from bytes to KB/MB. It uses the ternary operator in combination with basic arithmetic operations and string
31256: This Python script calculates the Area of an isosceles right triangle using two diagonals. The formula used to calculate it, which involves
31257: This Python function counts the number of times we need to perform bitwise right shift operation until 'N' becomes ‘one’. The time complexity
31258: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by the browser or other scripts in your webpage,
31259: This function takes in an array of 7 elements and converts the second two hexadecimal digits from each pair to their corresponding values.
31260: This function takes an input of type dictionary with the keys being strings that may contain URLs or other dictionaries within them; it then modifies these
31261: This function returns the lat and lon values in one line separated by an underscore.  It's used to create unique identifiers from these two
31262: This Python function takes an integer as input which represents the file or data set's byte count. It returns its equivalent in terms of KB、 MB
31263: This function takes two inputs, 't' and ‘v’. It returns the result of multiplying each element from list "T" by
31264: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, 'rhos' and their reciprocal divided by an equation involving another number ('s'). The
31265: This function calculates the total cost of an item by multiplying its price with given quantities.  It uses Python's list indexing to access
31266: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The first element is y and second one x, which are returned as tuple format
31267: This function takes an input string and returns the same output with spaces added to make it equal in length by using padding from right side of original message,
31268: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31269: This Python script generates the list of dictionaries from an input record. Each dictionary contains data extracted by zip function and then converted into dict using 'for
31270: This function counts the number of non-"*" "_*" "/", which are considered as characters.  It is used to count all alphanumer
31271: This line of Python script returns the result from joining all elements within each tuple and returning them as list, which is essentially converting every element to string before
31272: This line of the given C++ program is multiplying 'f' by ‘i’ and assigning it back to variable "return". The
31273: This function subtracts the value of 'x' from each element in list, and returns that result. The operation is performed using Python programming language
31274: This function checks whether the given key is present or absent from another dictionary. If it's there then returns its value else return zero and created time
31275: This function calculates the ratio of an object's mass to its length. The result is then normalized by dividing it with 10,
31276: Split the string into two parts, if it's not 2 elements long return original and assign units to factor dictionary based on second element of
31277: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then uses regular expressions to extract file extension from last part of split string if it exists; otherwise
31278: This script is designed to optimize the process of passing through passwords from two different lists, by checking if they have already been processed before and skipping
31279: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
31280: This Python script splits the string into individual keywords, sorts them and then joins back together with commas in between each keyword as output format of function
31281: This function checks if every item on the list 'centre' contains an empty string. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or raises
31282: This Python function replaces all non alphanumeric characters with underscores, then splits the resultant string into list of substrings separated
31283: This function checks if the string 'x' ends with any of given strings from list "prefix". If it does, return true; otherwise false is
31284: This Python function returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to 'value' that is also an exact multiple of ‘pow(3,n)'
31285: This line of the given Python script is an assertion that checks if length 'length' equals to another variable. If not it throws AssertionError with
31286: This Python script uses ANSI escape codes to change the color of output. The colors are represented by numbers from 1 through many, but not
31287: This line of the script reads configuration parameters from "preprocessing" dictionary and stores them in 'path' variables. The keys are used to access these
31288: If the specified language is absent from an existing JSON, it will print out message and return false. Otherwise returns true to continue with further processing of other
31289: This function checks the type/classification whether it's either an input file name as String ('str') OR List with Strings('list').
31290: Parses the third and fourth characters of an attribute string. The result is returned as Int31 type in Scala – it's
31291: This line of Python script converts degrees, minutes and seconds into decimal format. The conversion is done by adding the respective values together in order to get
31292: This line of Python script returns the sequence from 1 to 'partitions' number. It is equivalent with "return [*list((one_
31293: This line of the Python script converts dB value to linear scale using logarithmic conversion formula, which is used in many applications such as signal processing and
31294: This Python script uses the built function "occursins()" to check whether any of these characters exist within an input string. If they do occur then
31295: If the 'author' object does not exist, return string value of “Ghost”. Otherwise it returns login from that specific user in JSON
31296: This function returns True if the value of 'fill_val' is equal to string extrapolation, otherwise it will be False. It checks whether
31297: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the first inputted array 'list' with its index using enumeration function to add each
31298: This Python script returns the requested data from an array of dictionaries. The output is formatted as one line with each dictionary entry separated by "::".
31299: This function calculates the gradient of an object with respect to its position. It is used in physics simulations, where it's necessary when we need
31300: Checks whether two vectors are equal or not. If they're unequal, it raises an error with message "Vevectorsmustbeof
31301: A dictionary is created to store temperature readings at different cells in the lab, with each cell's index as key and its corresponding value being that
31302: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer with its bytes reversed. The operation is done by shifting x to left eight bits, and
31303: This line of the given Python script is returning True if and only 1st character in inputted strings are equal to "a" or not.
31304: This Python function generates the coordinates of all detected mouthes from an image using OpenCV and returns them as list with their respective row & column indices
31305: This script fetches the HTML content of an URL and parses it using Python's "Beautiful Soup" library to extract data from web
31306: This line of the Python script is creating an optional group named 'e' which matches any character that appears n times. The name and number are both
31307: This Python function calculates the value of 'step' by dividing ‘( t +5 )’ and assigns it to variable "return
31308: This function calculates the position and size of an object in two different dimensions. It takes as input surfaces coordinates with four values each representing x & y
31309: This function divides two numbers and returns the result. If 'y' is zero, it raises an error to prevent division by 0 in future
31310: This Python function returns the ligands's name, SMILES string and molecular model buffer. It also extract all atom serially numbers from
31311: This line of the given Python script is rearranging variables to create new ones. The original values are being used as references and their positions in memory
31312: If the lengths of feature and label files are not equal in dataset then it raises an assertion error.  This is to ensure that both datasets contain equivalent
31313: Throw error when 'signum' is not within specified bounds. If it isn’t between one and thirty two then do nothing or return null
31314: This python script counts the number of instances where 'player' appears on an inputted 3x4 gameboard. The function returns that value,
31315: This script is designed to merge two dictionaries based on the common keys between them and handle potential errors if any key from 'element' dictionary doesnt
31316: This line of the Python function returns two values, which are multiplied by an input value 'X'. The first result is obtained from multiplying `
31317: This Python function calculates the largest number that can be obtained by repeatedly dividing an integer with half its value until it becomes less than 3.
31318: If the variable 'linenumber' isn’t defined, return an empty string. Otherwise it returns “::” followed by line number as
31319: This Python script creates an object called 'planet' that stores the names of planets in order. It then returns one line string from its dictionary based
31320: Checks whether the 'PayLoad' object contains at least one and no more than fifteen cards. If it does contain any of these conditions return false
31321: This line of the given C++ function is setting up an integer variable 'i' to be used in bitwise operations. The value stored at address
31322: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the list 't'. The keys are created by converting each element's second
31323: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not string 's', ends with '\n'. If it does, then returns all characters except last
31324: This Python function takes an input DNA string and returns the corresponding RNA transcription. It uses map, lambda functions to iteratively process each character
31325: This Python function generates all possible coordinates within the given 'cell' that are valid on an occupancy map ('occ\_mapshape'). The values
31326: This function checks if an input is of type 'indicator' and returns True or False based on whether the given string matches any types listed.
31327: This Python script processes the result of qubits measurements and calculates their value. The process is repeated twice, resulting an output that increases by 3
31328: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns half difference between two consecutive elements in an array. The result is obtained by subtracting second element
31329: This function calculates the average of two given values, one is taken as maximum and other minimum value from an input list in percentage form which are then
31330: Generates an URL encoded string from the payload dictionary, sorting keys and appends them to form part of urlencoded format."  [Your
31331: This line of the given Python script reads an input string, splits it into parts using "/", and then joins them back together with "." as
31332: This Python function converts all strings to lowercase and returns the original value when it's not string type; otherwise return boolean values as they are
31333: Maps SQL data types to Python equivalent, based on the input string in lowercase format."  [END OF SUMMARY].'   '
31334: This function checks if the input 'value' can be converted to either True/False, and returns it as lowercase version of itself when possible;
31335: This Python script converts the given list of tuples into dictionary. The first element from each tuple is used as key and second one becomes value
31336: This function calculates the next power of two. If n is positive, it returns an integer greater than or equal to one and less then double that
31337: If the string 'fname' contains either word from ['Names', '- Cond'] and/or ‘nextgen’, return negative value of
31338: Build and return Docker Image Name based on UpStream Job' s service id."""  Code snippet is about building an appropriate string to be
31339: If either 'None' value(s), it returns the tuple of two values. Otherwise return them as they are in order with no modification made to
31340: This Python function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and joins them into one string separated by spaces. It also prints the resulting "command" to console,
31341: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and converts them into one long array if they are all lists or just adds the value to output as it
31342: This Python script creates an empty list 'dictionary' named as `tweets`. If the input is True, it sets up dictionary keys
31343: This function checks if the given string ends with an '.' character, which is commonly used to denote file extensions in programming languages like Python or JavaScript etc
31344: This function returns an array of dictionaries. Each dictionary has different keys and values based on the input parameters provided to it by users in Python scripting
31345: This Python function counts the number of elements between 'minimum' and ‘maximum’ within each list element. It returns an indexed tuple with
31346: This Python function takes an input list of dictionaries, and returns only the ones with "scan type" equal to provided argument 'scantype'.
31347: This function calculates the local coordinates of an object given its easting and northing values. The conversion factor CSF is used to convert from ge
31348: This line of the program is converting two strings into integers and then comparing them. The result will be returned as an integer, which can either return
31349: This script calculates the threshold values of hyponatremias and severe hypergylation based on age. The thresholds are set to
31350: If 'N' is less than three, return zero. Otherwise calculate the value of T times an expression that involves N and subtracts one from
31351: This function returns the ids of two swaps in string format.  The first and second parameters are expected to be dictionaries with keys 'id
31352: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from another given dict object 'myDict'. It then removes any
31353: This line of the given Python script applies two filters to an input signal. The first filter is applied on 'phase' and second one - filtered by
31354: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and copies all the values from one dict to another. The new created 'dict' is then returned as output of
31355: This function takes in the parameters of an algorithm and returns their length divided by three. The result is rounded down to nearest whole number, as it'
31356: This line of the Python script returns two values from an array 'times' which are calculated by subtracting time zero. The first value is taken as
31357: This line of Python function converts the binary representation to 3 digits. The result is returned in an eight digit string with leading zeros if
31358: This Python function splits two strings into lists of numbers, compares the lengths to see if they are equal or not; then checks whether each corresponding
31359: This Python function calculates the mean and standard deviation of two numbers using their ratios in place where one number is multiplied by negative factor (-n),
31360: This function checks if the given URL starts with one of several specific prefixes, returning true when it does and false otherwise – based on whether they
31361: This function returns the absolute value of its input. If it's negative, then negates and makes positive again to get an actual result in Python
31362: If the input "Node" does not exist or it has no text content then return an empty string. Otherwise process and join all its child nodes into
31363: This function replaces the string '{" upstream_responsetime':'','' with '' and also removes newline characters from JSON strings that contain
31364: This line of Python script converts an input into string type only when the variable 'is instance' returns True. Otherwise it simply passes through its value
31365: This Python function checks whether the input number is negative. If it's not, then returns false and also converts that integer to its equivalent in
31366: This line of Python script calculates the value 39 by adding four times its input to one. The result is then returned as output from function
31367: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31368: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in note list. The result is then automatically sorting by ascending order as set() function does not
31369: This is an infinite loop that keeps replacing the values of 'old' variables until they are equal to 1. The value in variable "OldM
31370: This Python script counts the number of sentences from an input string. It does so by counting periods ('.').  The function returns one sentence per period
31371: Code is an assignment statement that strips the string value of 'strip' function from variable "outdir" and checks its size. If it has more
31372: This Python function converts RGB values to HSV and returns the resulting hue, saturation or value in hexadecimal format with precision up
31373: This function checks if the given 'candidate' is present within any of our buckets. If it does, we return true; otherwise false will
31374: If the list is empty or contains only one element of different data types return an emtpy string. Otherwise create and concatenates all elements into single
31375: This function returns the remainder of division by 'size' when divided with an input value. It is used to map indices into different ranges or buckets
31376: This line of the Python script checks if any value is equal to one or more values that are considered 'truthy' when converted into boolean. In
31377: This Python function converts input values to integers or floats. If the type of an argument isn't recognized it tries converting that string into integer
31378: This line of the script checks whether `cell`'s identifier type. If it’re string then assign its value to area; else check what
31379: This line of the Python function calculates RMS value based on SNR and cleansed signal power, which is then divided by √[
31380: This function calculates maximum likelihood estimates of parameters in an exponential family model. It takes three arguments; n and neutral counts are calculated as 'sum'
31381: This Python function calculates the difference between two user ratings and uses it to determine whether or not they are different based on some threshold value of 'p
31382: This Python script checks the first character of each string in an array, and returns different strings based on whether it's 'return'. If not return
31383: This function checks if the given object 'is of type mapping' or any subclass thereof by using Python’s built in `collections` module
31384: This function checks the 'confidence' value and returns either “Warning” or an error message based on its level. If it is less than
31385: This Python script uses regular expressions to find all occurrences of numbers followed by ":" and then another set number sequence within the given text string '
31386: This function calculates the nth root of an input number using binary exponentiation. It uses recursion to calculate and returns result in logarithmic time
31387: Removes the 'at' symbol from username.  Code is used to remove @ sign in user name and returns new string without at symbols .
31388: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31389: This Python script splits the string 'x' by commas, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each resulting substring and converts them
31390: This Python function attempts the look up of GeoIP database using ip address and returns city name if found else it prints an error message with exception details in
31391: This python script generates the output file name based on energy level and count. The input parameters are combined with other strings to form an array which is then
31392: This Python script retrieves the Ethereum network from an environment variable, and then construct URL based on that information to interact with its blockchain explore
31393: This line of the Python function returns half value from given column. It's used to normalize data in machine learning models, especially when dealing with
31394: This Python script converts the input number to an integer, checks if it's less than 7 and assignes corresponding string value based on that
31395: Removes the last element of an array. 	Explanation/Description : The function removes one item from end or list in python and returns
31396: This Python function returns the average of two GPS coordinates. The first and second values in tuple are calculated by adding half difference between corresponding pairs from input t
31397: This function checks if the given character is an uppercase or lower case letter. If it isn’t, then return false; otherwise true will be
31398: This Python function returns the indices of nonzero elements from an integer array 'V'. It uses bitwise operations to find these values and appends them
31399: Code is looping through each item of the list proc_dat and assigns an ID, Latitide & Longtude to it. The
31400: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31401: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the values 'i' and/or "j" are equal to each other,
31402: Removes all keys with value 'None' from the dictionary `d` and returns it as new dictonary without those key/value pairs
31403: This function splits the input string into individual lines using Python's split method, and returns them as list of strings in reverse order to maintain original
31404: This function returns two values based on the input number 'n'. If ```'<=', ‘==’ and ':'' are not recognized
31405: This Python script filters out all the 'mentions' that have an id of present and then maps over these filtered results to return their corresponding IDs
31406: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31407: This Python function checks whether the input is part of FIBONACCI sequence. It returns true when it's in first two numbers, and
31408: Code is used to calculate the area of an equilateral triangle. The input will be side length, and it returns one line output with resultant
31409: This line of the script creates an array that contains all elements from 'qs' list except one element which is equal to "recruiter".
31410: This Python script creates an array of 'size' with the ids assigned to each element. The size is determined by user input and it partitions these
31411: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the 'vidio' list. The keys of each entry are titles associated
31412: This line of the given Python script returns an element from list 'l' with maximum value. The enumerate() function is used to get index and
31413: This script finds the minimum and maximum values of two dimensions from an array. The input is assumed to be 3D coordinates represented as lists with three
31414: This Python function calculates the product of all numbers from 0 to 'n' when multiplied by number "x". The initial value is set
31415: Returns the last part of URL.  It finds and returns only if it's an absolute path, otherwise just ignores or throws error message "
31416: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31417: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of input 'tokens'. For each unique item found within that array it assign
31418: This function checks whether the first character of 'input' is ':', and converts it to an underscore case or not depending on that condition using
31419: This function takes in two parameters, an array of strings and the string to be searched. It returns all occurrences found within that list as well
31420: This function converts the size in byte to human readable format. It works by dividing and rounding up until it reaches KB,MB or
31421: If the variable 'dt' does not exist, return an empty string; otherwise format and returns datetime in ISO 8601 standard with time
31422: This Python script creates an inverse document frequency dictionary from the given list of documents using sets and lists, which are used to count unique elements across multiple collections
31423: This function checks the current state of an object and returns one out 3 possible states based on its 'state' attribute. If it is not found
31424: This Python function is used as part of an optimization algorithm that uses learning rate scheduling with exponential decay and warm restarts in TensorFlow's K
31425: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
31426: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of each dimension in sites. It uses builtins min() & max(), along with itertools'
31427: This function checks whether the given list 'lst' is its own "subset" by checking each element in it against another number. If any of
31428: This Python function returns the severity level of an application based on its CVSS score, with specific rules applied to each range from 8 and up
31429: This function returns the candidate with maximum 'None' if no such exists. If there are multiple maxima it will return one of them randomly chosen by
31430: This script sorts the array of streams by their third element and then compares it with another list to find matching elements that have lower fourth value than them
31431: A function that takes two parameters, 'response' and the other parameter is not used. The first one creates an empty dictionary called "Response" with
31432: If the 'model' is empty, it returns an blank string. – [Your Name] -[Today’s Date].   This function
31433: Clears the list 'b' from elements present also found within another one named "list" and returns it as result of operation, ie.,
31434: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is greater than one, it shifts right by two bits and then adds on whether
31435: This Python function merges two dictionaries. If the second dictionary is empty, it returns first one; if not - copies values from keys that exist
31436: If no data found then return empty string else get the required column from dictionary and returns it as per requirement – Code snippet provided by user
31437: This Python function checks whether the input 'URL' exists, and then adds an additional parameter ('?showAllReview') when it doesn’t exist
31438: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31439: A function that generates an empty string of tilde characters. The number passed to the 'level' parameter determines how many times it repeats these symbols
31440: This Python script takes an input in the format 'dd/mmmmer_yy' and converts it into three separate variables - Day , Month
31441: This function returns the name of an .npy file that is created by saving dataframe ' df ', with its corresponding parameters in parentheses.
31442: This Python function cleans the input text by removing non alphanumeric characters and spaces, then tokenizes it into sentences/words using space as del
31443: This Python function flattens the given list of lists by using nested loops to iteratively add items from each inner and outer array into an output flat
31444: Removes the HTML tags from list items in Python using regular expressions, and returns cleaned text as output – one line only if possible to do so
31445: This Python script changes the color of text in terminal using ANSI escape codes and prints it out to std output with time stamp included as well."
31446: This function raises an error when the input is not valid. If 'Level' value less than zero, it throws "Value Error" with message as
31447: This line of the given Python script is checking if two nodes in an MPI network are on different hosts. It's using node keys to identify
31448: This Python function calculates the values of 'alpha', and returns them along with their corresponding probabilities in terms that they are not equal to one or zero
31449: This creates an empty 1D list of given width and height. It's essentially creating the base structure or "field" that we will be
31450: This line of the given Python script is updating or incrementing an existing value in 'male' and/or ‘female’ key within
31451: A Python script that maps alternate titles to their corresponding FreeBase IDs using the 'properties' dictionary from each item of `title_to_fre
31452: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the values of 'grade' from another dict called "grades". The keys are identical
31453: If the first argument 'a' of an instance function matches with its class or data structure then it returns True else checks whether both arguments are lists/
31454: If the first rectangle's left or top coordinate isn’t defined yet then return it as that. Else check whether second one exists and do
31455: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31456: This Python script attempts to convert the given 'datetime', which is presumably in UTC or local system clock format into an equivalent Unix Timestamp value
31457: This function checks if the number is odd. It does so by checking whether it's divisible evenly with two, ie., when divided
31458: This function returns the classes of different types and spins in an object.  It takes three parameters - 'type', which is either "spider"
31459: Counts the number of vowels present within an entered string, regardless if they are upper or lower case letters and ignores non alphabetic
31460: This script creates two sets from the given lists and then finds their intersection, union respectively using Python' builtin functions on Sets data structure of python language
31461: This Python script sends an IRC notice to the specified nickname in one line using format() function and returns it as string with escape characters (\).
31462: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31463: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31464: This line of the given C++ program is calculating and assigning to 'r' variable. The calculation involves multiplying it by n minus one plus
31465: This function returns the fitness of an individual in terms on their performance. It takes as input parameters - 'raw' and then calculates it based off
31466: This line of the given Python script checks whether each value in 'ROW' is equal to '.', and, when true it returns two values concatenated
31467: This Python function returns an empty list when the input is 1, otherwise it creates and return 'list' of size "input" with each element
31468: This line of Python script joins all the arguments passed to it into one string. The strip() function is used in conjunction with split(), which splits
31469: If 'b' is zero it returns the value of variable "C". Otherwise calls itself with parameters as arguments. The function adds its first parameter to
31470: This Python function calculates the time in minutes and seconds from hours, updating as necessary. It also handles cases where an hour is over or under sixty
31471: This Python script splits the given string into hours, minutes and seconds using ':' as separator returning an integer value of total time in secs
31472: This line of the Python script is creating an output string that includes some variables. The first variable, wiki["S"], represents something from another dictionary or
31473: This function checks if the packet size is one of several possible values. If it'is not found within these options then an error message will be displayed
31474: This line of the given Python script converts float sensor value to integer. The conversion is done by multiplying it with another number, which in our
31475: This Python script is used to find all the .py files within an input directory and its subdirectories, then it creates list of file types that
31476: This function returns the credentials and SaaS folder information along with some other variables.  It'll be used in another part of our program to
31477: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two inputs, time and temperature in Kelvin or Celsius scale respectively but returns
31478: This line of the script is splitting up an input string by ')' and then returning either empty list or split version based on whether it's not
31479: Returns the last element of 'nucleotide' list.  This is done by using negative indexing, which allows us to access elements from
31480: This line of Python script initializes the variable 'score' to 0.5 and returns it as output, which is equivalent with returning "return
31481: This line of the program calculates and returns two numbers padded with zeros to make their lengths equal. The result is formatted as "Number
31482: This function returns the sum of all elements in x""" (END CODE BLOCK HERE))"   }]}, { "test_
31483: This python script finds the maximum value and its corresponding index from dictionary.  The output is one line of text that describes what it does, how to
31484: This program is designed to simulate the game "Garble" where players can earn points by avoiding group of characters. The player starts with 3
31485: This Python function generates an output string from the input list of game pieces. The elements are represented as either Xs, Os and empty spaces on our
31486: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of an average value between two numbers, which is then divided by their sum to get some final result in
31487: This Python script takes in time format as input and converts it into minutes, then adds the hours to that total minute count before converting milliSecond
31488: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'not' is present in "left" or any parentheses. If it finds one, then
31489: This function takes in the value of 'tune' and returns it as an integer. The result is then rounded down to its nearest whole number using
31490: This Python function calculates the next highest power of two that is less than or equal to an input value, using bitwise operations and math functions in
31491: This python script calculates the coordinates of two rectangular areas. The first area is defined by its top left and bottom right points, while second one has
31492: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the same sequence but with each number decremented by one. The incrementing is done in reverse order
31493: This Python script takes an image filename as input, extracts the base name and extension from it using 'splittext' function of OS module in python
31494: This Python function returns an object with two properties. The first property is the Young' Modules of steel and it multiplies by 18 to
31495: This line of the given Python script checks whether there is an occurrence ("\n") within any part or all headers, and replaces it with its
31496: This Python function checks if the input IP address is valid by splitting it into its components and checking each one individually, returning false as soon an invalid component
31497: This function checks whether the given string ends with 'biases' and/or contains either an uppercase LN, but not both; otherwise it
31498: This Python script checks if the DataFrame df contains attributes like dictionaries, columns attribute of dataframe object or grouping functions.  It also includes
31499: This function returns the URL of an installed package. The returned value is used to download and install additional packages." ...}`;   //
31500: If the 'is_dict' function checks whether both input parameters are dictionaries; then it copies all keys from one dictionary to another while handling nested
31501: This function checks whether the string contains an "+  sign and returns everything after it, split by plus symbol" – Code explanation is not provided as
31502: This Python script calculates the squared difference between two RGB colors. It initializes an accumulator variable, "total", to zero and then iter
31503: This Python script returns the unique elements of an inputted 'names' string, capitalized and sorted alphabetically using dictionary comprehension with from_
31504: This function checks whether two strings are equal, then returns the corresponding value from 'score' table. If they aren’t found it will return
31505: This function converts the input number to an equivalent value in another range. It does so by subtracting one of two ranges from our main data,
31506: If the relative integer is positive, check whether 'item' coordinates are greater than or equal to another coordinate. Otherwise return "other" coordiantes
31507: This line of the given Python script returns whether or not "row['tid']" is greater than 0. It's used to filter
31508: This line of the function calculates and returns minimum between 0 or input value. If it's less than zero then return one else if its
31509: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string type. If it finds that there exists an occurrence where “Size” appears as part
31510: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that filters out any 'None' values from inputted array.  It does so by iterating
31511: This Python function splits the input string on '==' and then takes only first part of split result, which is further divided by '.', taking
31512: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31513: This function checks if the file's name ends with ".python". If it does, then returns True; otherwise false is returned indicating that an incorrect
31514: This Python script defines an object that can be used to create and manage the parameters of convolutional layers. The class has methods like forward, backward etc
31515: This script calculates the average of three different types ("count", "cover ratio"," cost") from two dictionaries. The results are stored in another
31516: This Python function converts Unicode strings to ASCII. If the character's unicodedata value is less than 0x7F
31517: This Python function is used to find the maximum Y value within an area defined by two points. The while loop iterates over each point in order from
31518: This Python function counts the number of times 'person' appears as an element within list.  It uses two loops to traverse through each item and
31519: This function checks whether the number of arguments passed to it is 0 or not. If yes, then returns true; otherwise false as per requirement in
31520: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the result of two times subtracting one from twice that number. The output is always positive, but
31521: A function that calculates the length of Collatz sequence given an integer number. If input is one it returns 'one'. Else calculate and
31522: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative or non integer and then converts it into its equivalent in Hexadecimal form with
31523: This Python script creates an empty 'resultant Set', then splits the input string by semicolon to get individual articles, and iterates over
31524: This line of Python function rounds the number to five decimal places. The 'round' builtin in python is used and it takes two arguments - value
31525: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number, and if that fails it will attempt another conversion. If at any
31526: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each path of coordinates and adds the result to another new array which is returned at end as
31527: If both players have the same number of stones, it'll return 'draw'. Else depending on who has more or less will decide which one
31528: If the server's domain name does NOT start with '/', it prependes an extra slash to make sure that there is no path after
31529: This line of the program creates an empty list called "dblist". It's used to store double values. (END SUMMARY
31530: This Python function checks whether the time_of\_fligth is less than or equal zero. If it's true, then an error message
31531: This Python function creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the length of x's first element using 'for', appending tup
31532: This function sorts the given list of strings based on their values. The order is determined by whether they contain 'complex', if present, then followed immediately
31533: This script calculates the length of each element within 'site' and stores it into corrCatch. If an item isn’t iterable
31534: This script generates two lists, one with the coordinates of each segment' starting point and another ending at its endpoint respectively using Python list slicing to
31535: This line of the given Python script checks if two strings have an equal number and frequency in their respective sequences, returning True or False accordingly based on that
31536: This line of Python script filters out any HPO terms that have less than the specified minimum samples. The filtered list is then returned by function as '
31537: This Python function calculates an array of equally spaced values between two given numbers 'start' and end'. The difference is divided by the number points
31538: Restores the last object in an SNS message.  The key of that file is included, along with its restoration time from glacial event data
31539: This line of the given Python script copies all values from 'a' to another register, which is then returned by function call in python programming language
31540: This Python function checks the ETag header of an HTTP response and compares it with another tag, returning true or false accordingly based on whether they match
31541: This function takes two parameters, 'a' and ‘b’. It returns the result of adding "x" to both these values multiplied
31542: This Python script reverses the order of elements within an array and then multiplies each element by (-3). The result is stored back into another variable
31543: This Python function checks the value of an input string and returns either true or false based on that. It also handles two special cases where it treats '
31544: This program calculates the sum of all even numbers from zero to 'n'. It starts with an initial value, then checks each number in turn.
31545: This Python function finds the first index of an element in list 'std' that is within some specified range. If no such elements exist, it returns
31546: This function calculates the index of an element in array based on its value and position. It'll be used to access elements from arrays with variable
31547: This line of Python script calculates the number or minutes in one day. It multiplies 'days' by six times and then multiply it with
31548: This line of the given C++ program returns an array that is obtained by splitting environment variables with ';' as delimiter. The function `
31549: This Python function calculates the sum of elements in two 3x4 grids. The input is another three by four list or array, and
31550: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31551: This function calculates the difference between two numbers and assign it to 'absDelta'. If absolute value of delta is zero, then word will be set
31552: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case and underscores between each of the letters, then returns it as string buffer with no
31553: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31554: This Python function converts the given string to its equivalent state. If it's 'Commisionned', returns as Operational, and vice vers
31555: This function returns the message with an appended string indicating which worker is processing it. (END OF SUMMARY).   [Replace "..."
31556: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31557: This function returns the upper and lower bytes of an integer in Python. It uses bitwise shift to isolates each byte from its original position within three
31558: This function splits the given string by 'semicolon' and returns an array of substrings, each representing one part in Molecular Form
31559: This function checks if the input string is an ISBN, and returns True only when it's either of three formats ("P", 'L', P
31560: This Python function checks whether the input is 'True' or not, and returns true only when it finds three consecutive occurrences of that value within
31561: This function iterates over the keys of an 'override' dictionary, assigns each key to its corresponding values from another dict and checks if it
31562: This function calculates the value of 'out' based on input values. If max and min are equal, it sets range to be between 0
31563: This function returns the name, type of variable and its description.  The '{}{}' is used to format string in python3 syntax which will
31564: This Python function takes in an input list, the elements of which are strings. It then returns these string values joined by newline characters ("\n
31565: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
31566: This function returns the value of an R, L or E based on its input. If it's 'LLL', return is -10
31567: If the string is alphabetical, return it. Otherwise repeat its contents as many times are needed to make 10 characters long with no repeating
31568: Code is an array of strings. If the string contains "if" then it returns true, else false  .   [Hint : Use '
31569: This Python function checks whether the input parameters are integers. If they're both integer numbers then it returns their sum otherwise raises an error message stating that
31570: This program simulates the process by running multiple experiments and calculating how many times it lands with 10 or more heads in one thousand runs, which
31571: This line of Python program calculates the result and returns it. The calculation is done by dividing three numbers together, which are then multiplied with
31572: This Python script checks whether the string 'user' is present within dictionary keys. If it does, then extracts and assign values from nested dictionaries
31573: This function takes in two parameters, $filename and field. It returns the concatenation of 'CloudNet file type' with '-', followed by whatever
31574: This Python function calculates the health of battery based on voltage level and returns an integer value between [min, max] where min=[int(-
31575: This Python script initializes the parameters used in an agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm with run settings from another file, and returns them as one
31576: This program calculates the minimum number of change needed to make up an amount. It uses dynamic programming approach where it keeps track on how many times each
31577: Create two dictionaries with keys and values from the given dictionary 'a' that are not zeroes or non existent entries of another provided dicton
31578: This Python script generates the filename of an emoji VAD model's trained weight file and its corresponding logfile in csv format based on
31579: This Python script checks the input string to see whether it contains certain keywords and returns an action based on that ("Buy", “Sale”,
31580: This function checks if the given card suit is among Ace through King and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it finds 1 to five of
31581: This Python script converts the input file name to all in low case, and then checks if it ends with ".PNG",".JPG"
31582: This line of the given Python script adds 'y' to variable "a" and assigns it back. It also performs modulo operation on both
31583: This Python function splits the input string into individual sentences based on spaces, then checks each sentence's word count to see if it fits within given
31584: Checks if the latitude is within valid range. If not, it prints an error message; otherwise returns true to indicate success in coordinate conversion process
31585: If no job ids are provided, return true. Else check whether the failed or passed jobs have matching ID with those in JSON payload(j
31586: This function calculates the area of an isosceles trapezoid given its length, base1 &amp;lt;-&gt;"
31587: This Python function filters out the dictionary objects from 'queries' list based on whether they have any tag present or absent, and returns those dictionaries
31588: Parses the input string to an Int31.  It replaces all commas with nothing and then parses it as int using R
31589: This Python script checks the type of an object and returns its order based on that. If it's not one among four types, then return zero
31590: This Python script splits the input string into multiple "chunks", then parses each chunk to extract time, old and new values from it using
31591: If the position is at 1st place in sequence then it returns maximum possible value. Otherwise do nothing and continue with next operation or function call based
31592: This Python script calculates the GC content of DNA sequence by counting 'GC' bases in given string and dividing it with total length to get percentage
31593: This Python function calculates the distance in kilometers and miles from an inputted value of 'Area' using conversion factors provided by Google Maps
31594: This line of Python script creates and updates two dictionaries, then returns the updated dictionary as 'result'. The result is not shown here due to its
31595: This function checks if the given object 'obj' belongs to class dictionary.  It returns True or False based on whether it does/doesn’
31596: This function converts the input string to lowercase if it is one of certain values, otherwise returns an error message or default value depending on other conditions
31597: This Python function counts the number of leading zeros in binary representation. It raises an error when input is negative, and otherwise returns count as it does
31598: This function checks whether the given URL is related to live streaming. If it's true, then return "True", otherwise false or an error message
31599: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'value_of(e)' from itself,
31600: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements within each list inside another dictionary. The outer two loops are used to iteratively go through every key
31601: This Python function returns an object with the key 'lock' and value as string, which is set to either “Lock” or Unlocks.
31602: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'points' inputted by user and applies rounding to each element of that array
31603: This line of the script retrieves values from two dictionaries, "par" before and after changes in parameters using get method with default value set to
31604: This script extracts the Set Cookiess from HTTP response header and stores them into dictionary format which can be used to set or manipulate these values
31605: This Python program calculates the value of φ^e using Euler's number Φ. The while loop continues until there are no
31606: This line of Python script is assigning the string value 'v' to be equal with another variable named c, and then returning that new assigned/
31607: This Python function checks whether the result of raising 'base' to any number between ‘minimum’ &amp;lt;&#34;/&
31608: This Python function checks the input string to determine what unit of measurement is being used, and then returns an appropriate conversion factor based on that type ("metric
31609: This Python script converts the firmware version as string into an array of integers and then joins them back together with dots between each number using map function to
31610: This line of the Python script converts binary string to its equivalent Hexadecimal value. The input is converted from Binary String format and
31611: Generates list of UUIDs from the 'things' object, which is an array containing different objects with properties like name and uuid etc..
31612: This Python function takes in two parameters - bucket and the file' s name. It checks whether or not last character of provided string is "/" then
31613: This script creates an empty list and then adds the lowercase version of each key from 'profiles' dictionary to it, resulting into "supported collections
31614: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
31615: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse using Python. – Code snippets provided in comments are used as reference
31616: This Python script splits the given string into three sections and stores them in an dictionary, with keys as "Name", “Environment” or '
31617: This Python function checks the last character of each string in an input list. If it's newline ('\n'), then removes that from its
31618: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by second element and then first. The function returns sorted version as output from 'return'.  It
31619: This script generates an initial setup of the Global Fit program with specific parameters based on user inputs and returns it as string formatting in one line per task
31620: This Python function checks if the given object `obj` belongs to either Named Tuples of Pythons builtin data types module namedt
31621: This line of the script calculates and stores values in 'predicted_value' that are predictions based on an equation with given slopes. The
31622: This function converts the input value to hexadecimal. The result is padded with leading zeros if necessary using 0x prefix and
31623: This function finds the intersection of two lists by comparing their unique strings and returns only those elements that are present at least once among both list'ss indices
31624: This function returns the load balancing configuration of an Azure Load Balancerr" (code snippet not provided).  ```python`
31625: This is an implementation of the function f(lambda, x), which takes two parameters and returns one value. The formula given in its body describes how
31626: If the variable 'vba_code' does not contain '.Item(' then return an empty string, else replace all occurrences of .items
31627: This line of the given Python script checks if an object's class or its superclasses are one among three specific classes. The function 'types()
31628: This Python function splits the input string into individual 'words' and checks if each one ends with an angle bracket ('<'). If it does
31629: This function calculates the maximum possible value of 'b' in relation to its minimum and average values from two lists. The result is then returned as
31630: Counts the number of consecutive identical characters.  It starts counting when it encounters two same letters and stops after that, regardless whether they are part
31631: This script checks the file extension of each Python source files and ignores those that are either ".txt",".md","__main__.ipyn
31632: This Python script splits the input string into separate elements, converts them to integers and floats respectively using list comprehension; it then returns these
31633: If the last bit of 'flag' is set, return '-', else it returns an addition sign. This function checks whether or not one has reached
31634: This function takes an angle in degrees and converts it to the equivalent value between 187 &lt;= x < 4, or "
31635: Returns true if the value is one of 'True', ‘Yes’, or any case version equivalent to these strings. Otherwise it returns false/
31636: This Python script checks the file extension of an input filename and returns one or more commands to be used in buildout tasks, based on that information;
31637: This function takes in an input of type String and returns the same output as it does with no spaces or special characters. It only keeps letters from strings
31638: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
31639: This function subtracts the current position of an element in Python. It'll be useful when you want to calculate how far away from its original
31640: This Python function reverses the order of characters and splits them into hours/minutes or seconds using ':' as separator which then converts
31641: This Python script splits the variable 'VPATH' into an array of paths, ignoring any empty strings resulting from splitting by '/'.  It
31642: If no port or IP range specified in the rule then return default string else format it as per required syntax" ---> Code Summary : Check
31643: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse and analyze the source file. It also utilizes AST(Abstract Syntax Tree), which is an intermediate representation
31644: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary length and type of sequence, "string", then checks if the given subsequence is present at index 0
31645: This function attempts conversion from input value `str` type data which may be in float or integer format but not both at once; it will split by
31646: This line of the Python script converts all characters to lowercase and checks if it's either 'True', or one that is equivalent as an
31647: if the first two inputs are either integers or floats. If so return their absolute difference less than tolerance 'tol'. Else check whether
31648: This line of Python script returns the source list as joined string.  It's used to convert lists into strings in python programming language, which is
31649: This Python function returns the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary, given as input parameter 'N'. If N is zero it will return
31650: This function checks if the product of two numbers is nonnegative. It returns True when both are positive or zero, and False otherwise in Python programming language
31651: This Python script calculates the overlapping area between two bounding boxes represented as lists of four numbers each representing x and y coordinates respectively with respect to
31652: This function returns two values. The first value is True if the list of installed versions has more than one element and False otherwise; secondly it checks
31653: This Python script creates two sets - one to hold the valid integer values and another that holds invalid inputs or non numeric strings from an array of comma
31654: This function splits the full filename into two parts and then extracts one part from each. The first step is to divide by semicolon (;
31655: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
31656: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an Integer. If input is not within range[], it returns error message "Error". Otherwise calcul
31657: This function takes two parameters, number and word. It returns the string representation of an integer followed by its plural form if it'd be more than
31658: If the favorite rate is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and Return Favorite Rate Unprivacy/FavRatePriv.
31659: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
31660: This function checks whether the given path starts with "/", and then either removes it, or adds an extension to make sure that there is one at end
31661: Check commit length and print error msg in case of exceeding limit, return false to stop further processing else continue with the function execution as normal---
31662: This function calculates the mean squared error of predictions. It is used to evaluate how well our model predicting house prices can be expected from random
31663: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the features from 'predictions' that have scores greater than or equal to minimum score.
31664: This function returns the page and perPage as strings.  It's used to get pagination information from an API request, which is usually sent
31665: This Python function flattens an iteratable object by recursively checking if each element of the input sequence/list contains another "sequence" or not
31666: This function returns the key and value of an item from dictionary 'lvls' where its level is equal to given parameter "lvl". If no
31667: This Python function takes an 'schema' and returns the corresponding value of bytes in binary. The input is expected to be two integers where first integer represents
31668: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
31669: This line of the given Python script is setting up an environment variable called "handle". The value it's assigning to 'handle', which can
31670: If the length of string 'S' is greater than or equal to its prefix, then return all characters from start till but not including that point.
31671: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the maximum number in that array/list by continuously removing elements from it until only one element is left
31672: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
31673: This Python function calculates the volume of an array using recursion. The first element is multiplied by all subsequent elements, and then returns that result
31674: Copies the values from dictionary 'b' into another empty one named "a".  It then returns that new copied dictonary as result of
31675: Checks the input string 'None' and length of its characters, returns false when it meets certain conditions; otherwise return true after checking whether there are
31676: This Python function takes an array of angle measurements and returns the same data, but with all values greater than 189 replaced by their equivalent value
31677: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
31678: This function returns the coordinates of two triangles in lower case orientation when called with 'origin' as either `"upper left bottom right top"' or
31679: This function removes the first and last character of input string, which are newline characters. It's used to clean up output from some functions that
31680: This function returns the smallest number between 'x', which is either max of ‘b’ or both sides are greater than/equal to `'
31681: This Python function calculates the result of an equation based on two variables. The input is divided by another variable, and then subtracted from that value
31682: This Python function checks the type of an object and returns it, or its first part before any special characters like '-' ':' etc., depending on
31683: If the name of current city is not 'plant', return false and output state's value at index 9 in dictionary, otherwise it will check
31684: This line of Python function returns the last two digits from an integer. The modulo operator is used to get only one digit after dividing by
31685: This function calculates the number of times one can buy items with given budget and denominations.  It uses integer division to get whole numbers, which
31686: This Python script generates the URL to Google Maps with given latitude and longtude as query parameters, e..g., http:/... maps
31687: This line of the script is used to get an environment variable "USE SSH FOR NIMBUS" and if it's not set, then
31688: This line of the program converts all characters in 'tok' to lowercase using Python builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
31689: This Python function converts colors to their corresponding ANSI escape codes and returns the string with those converted colored text in it using \uXXXX format
31690: This Python function raises an error when the input 'limi' is less than or equal to zero. It then generates and returns as many numbers in
31691: This Python function takes as input the result of an operation and returns two values. The first value is timestamp from minimum time stamp found among all records with
31692: If the exit status is zero, return 'ok'. Otherwise check and report specific error codes. The function returns an empty string otherwise it appends to
31693: This function returns the number of digits in n. It does so by converting 'int' to string and then getting its length which is also known
31694: This python function calculates the cross correlation between two signals. It takes as input 6 variables and returns one variable which is calculated by taking dot product
31695: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns length/counts or number “len” in text. The input is 'text'.
31696: This function checks if the given 'attribute' starts with "on_" or not, returning True/False accordingly based on that condition and False otherwise
31697: A function that generates the header guard of an identifier. The generated string is in all caps and prefixed with 'GUARD'."  Code
31698: This function converts an address to its standard form, either in the case of "MAILTO" scheme and removes trailing slash if present
31699: This Python script calculates the area of triangle formed by two given sets. The first set is defined as 'points', which should be an array/
31700: If the string 's' does not exist, return an empty String; otherwise replace all hyphens with spaces in it and then returns that modified version
31701: This Python function checks the 'END' parameter and returns an appropriate response. The parameters are defined as intervals from zero to five with each number correspondingly
31702: This line of Python script is creating an array that contains the result from dividing each element by its corresponding value. The resulting values are then returned as
31703: This program calculates the sum of digits in an integer number using recursion and division by its own 'self' value as parameter to calculate each
31704: This function returns the hourly weather prediction data.  It takes in two parameters - 'forecast' and "string name". The output is an
31705: This line of the given Python script is setting up an OR operation. It's creating and initializing two variables, 'bit', which represents one
31706: This Python script removes all comments from the given text using regular expressions in one line, effectively removing any unnecessary or redundant comment blocks found within your source
31707: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31708: This function takes an input URL and returns the same but with 'http' at start. If it doesn’t have http, then add one before
31709: This Python script reverses the order of elements within 'lever' list and then converts each sublists into sets. The result is that all
31710: This function checks the name of module and returns appropriate HTML file path based on that information, or just return original filename in case it's not recognized
31711: The function checks whether the input dms variable type matches with string. If it doesn't match then returns false else true – Code Snip
31712: Prints the creation of an Akkadian Worker' s CLI commands to run it in order that its IP address is set as "
31713: Implemented URL splitting using Python's built in split() function, which splits the string into list of substrings based on specified separator
31714: This Python script splits the SageMaker URI into its components and returns only two of them - Buffer name & Key respectively which is used
31715: A dictionary object that represents the parameters of an SweepJob. The keys are 'gate', which is another list representing gates to be swept;
31716: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an estimate value based on original values. The formula used is 'delta' which represents change in
31717: This Python function takes two points and an integer as input. It then calculates the new coordinates of these four corners after moving them by 'r'
31718: This function connects to the database. It returns true if successful, false otherwise and sets up an instance of connection in GLOBAL variable 'db'
31719: This Python function checks whether the input string contains an @ symbol, and replaces it with **** at its position only when there are exactly three colon
31720: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
31721: Returns an error message and status of 'Not Found' when the requested resource is not found on server side with url provided in request parameters or query string
31722: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius and then adds the constant of thermodynamics, Kelvin which
31723: This Python script calculates the difference between two lists of coordinates. The result is returned as another list with three elements representing differences on each axis respectively from
31724: This Python function returns the name of an election based on its 'party' or vote. If it is 3rd class, return as Dem;
31725: A Python script that maps repositories to their respective branches or Pull Requests. If the repository has no associated Branch/PULL request it
31726: This function checks whether the input parameters are both present or only one of them. If they're all provided it returns 'True', meaning that data
31727: Checks if two numbers are equal in string format. 1 is considered to be "one" and not zero or one as it would make the
31728: This Python function checks whether the list 'items' is empty. If it’s, then returns an HTML span with text “Zero” and
31729: This Python script calculates the nearest cluster to each data point. It uses an array of values representing different distance thresholds, and iteratively checks
31730: If the first elements of two lists are different, return True. Otherwise compare their second element and third from each list respectively; they should also be compared
31731: Find the first nonempty cell with "return", and return its index or 'None' otherwise 	Code snippet to reproduce it using Python
31732: This Python function calculates the value of polynomial at point 'X' using dictionary data structure and returns it along with original input parameters as output tuple ('
31733: If the first number is negative, it makes its value positive.  This operation does not affect any other numbers in sequence or list as per requirement of
31734: This Python function counts the number of times that last character (_y[len_of array - ith index]) matches with given byte. It uses
31735: This function returns the group name of proteins based on their sequence. It uses an elif statement to check each possible value in order and return it when found
31736: This Python script calculates the percentage difference between two matrices and returns it as dictionary where keys are column names from first input, values represent percentages of
31737: This Python script is used to process data from the 'proc\_data' list and create new lists of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents one record
31738: This function converts the given value to hexadecimal format.  The result is returned as string in Python language with 'hex' prefix and
31739: This function checks the values of two parameters, 'alpha' &amp; "&lt;"Beta" to see whether they are both zero or
31740: This function returns the same value as input, but when it receives negative values of 'v', instead returning an additional factor times its absolute positive part in
31741: This function prints the coordinates of each vertex in 3D space. The input is 'g' which contains keys "dt","dxy" and
31742: This Python function retrievs the 'podName' and other details from an Elasticsearch Pod object using its reference or name if it exists in both
31743: This Python function splits the string 'output' into two parts based on certain conditions, then further split those results by space to get second part of
31744: This Python function calculates the intersection and difference between two spans of time. If there is no overlap, it returns zero; otherwise，it comput
31745: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into parts based on the ".", and then pads any missing sections with zeros to reach length
31746: This Python function calculates the present value of an interest payment using either simple or compound interests, depending on whether 'rate' is zero and returns negative
31747: This line of Python script returns the resultant value after raising e to x/1e, which is equivalent in mathematical form as multiplying by power
31748: This line of the script converts all instances where "A" is found to be replaced by either [T,C],[G,-U].
31749: If the configuration dictionary contains keys 'barecode', then it checks whether there is an associated mapfile. It also verifies that both variants &
31750: This script reads the file and splits each row into individual codes, then converts them to integers using list comprehension."... 10
31751: This python function calculates the slope of line given two points. The equation is derived from standard form which states that if we have any point P,
31752: Create an empty list called "result" and append the first element of each tuple to it. The tuples are generated by taking two numbers from
31753: This function calculates the complex number's magnitude, phase and ratio of its imaginary part to absolute square. The result is returned as two separate values
31754: This function checks whether the first character of string 'a' is equal to that in another given substring, and then removes it from both strings using
31755: This function calculates the value of an expression based on some parameters. The base is 3, and it uses recursion to calculate each term in
31756: This function takes an input list of tuples and returns the value from each tuple's attribute. The getattribute method is used to access attributes
31757: This function takes two 4D vectors as input and returns their difference in the form of three scalars. The first scalar is calculated by subtracting
31758: This Python function returns the corresponding string based on an integer representing connection states.  The integers range from [6,7] are reserved by RFC
31759: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an hourly wage multiplied by number hours worked in one week. The result is then scaled
31760: Removes white spaces and converts to all small case. If the string is identical after these operations then return true else false or vice versa if
31761: This line of the program calculates and returns factorial using recursion. The variable 'i' is used to calculate its value, which then gets
31762: This function returns the source file name of Gaussian process model in two dimensions with index ii as string formatting and left padding zeros if necessary to make
31763: This Python script checks whether the string 'https' is present at start of URL, then reverses it to get domain name from end; If both
31764: If the book has no industry identifers, it will return an error message. Otherwise returns first ISBN 9 or ISBn type of id
31765: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'data' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
31766: This Python function returns the dictionary representation of an object. The returned dict includes all fields from 'MemberRef' and some additional ones like "isActive
31767: This function takes two parameters, adds them together and returns the result.  It's simple but effective in many situations where you need to perform an
31768: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called 'adja...' which will be used to store the graph structure of each component within CGPMS dataset
31769: If the string ends with specified suffix, remove it from end of that and return else just keep original text as is – Code snippet to
31770: This Python function counts the number of times 'y' appears as an element from another list/array. It then divides that by maximum possible value
31771: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input file exists, and returns it as output; otherwise return concatenation with space to default value
31772: This script reads each PDF file from the list and extracts text using PyPDF4 library' extraction method then splits it into individual lines by '\
31773: This script creates an empty list 'particles' and initializes variables nids to 0 with the loop running from one upto particles per full
31774: This function checks if the input nucleus has valid characters. If it does have at least one alphabetical character followed by an integer between 1
31775: This function calculates the index of an element in array. The formula is i+size−1—(i%sizemod sizen
31776: This line of Python script calculates the cube value and subtracts one. The result is then returned by function as output from that calculation process
31777: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into key/value pairs using the "and" character and then converts these to dictionary format
31778: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
31779: This program calculates the total seconds of all days from today to date 'd'. The result is stored into variable "time". It's basically
31780: This function checks the type of 'shape' parameter. If it’s an integer then returns that value; otherwise check whether its instance variable ‘
31781: This script splits the input string by commas, then checks each split item to see if it contains two hyphens (-). If so ->
31782: This function calculates the average of two points. The input is expected to be tuples with exactly one element each representing x and y coordinates respectively
31783: This Python script calculates the sum of all margin values from an array/list 'openPosition' which is assumed to be containing dictionaries with keys
31784: This line of the given Python script assigns three variables to different versions from an array.  The first two are assigned with values taken directly form that
31785: This Python script calculates the number of Mesos masters in an environment. It first counts how many are there, then divides that by two to
31786: This Python function returns the list of pairs where second element isn't `None`.  It uses List Comprehension to filter out rows
31787: This function returns the result of dividing 'num' by one million. It is used to convert bytes into megabytes, which are more
31788: This python script checks if the given 'job id' exists within an array of strings, and returns its corresponding state ("RUNNING", etc.)
31789: This script checks whether the input variables 'x' and/or their corresponding output variable is an array. If so it converts them to one dimensional
31790: This Python function converts dictionary to dot notation format using recursion and iteration."  [END OF SUMMARY].'   '    -> Code
31791: If the third argument is greater than or equal to fourth, return it. Else check whether they are same and in that case returns their value;
31792: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes as input an array 'n' and returns their sum divided by its length, which
31793: Initializes an empty dictionary, then iterates over each "fragment". For every three elements long list ("clauses"), it checks if the third element
31794: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains either less than or greaterthan symbol. If so, returns the parameter after that character(s
31795: This function replaces the curly brackets { } in URL paths with {{ }} to make them valid JSON syntax and avoid errors when parsing it
31796: This line of the given Python script returns reversed version/copying value from list 'a' using slicer.  It is similar to calling
31797: This function checks if every character of the input string is present as an element within another list. If not, it returns False; otherwise True –
31798: A dictionary of camera targets with their positions and other flags. 1 target in the form {"position" : [x], "should save", etc
31799: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
31800: This function calculates the index of an element in one dimensional array. The row and column parameters are used to calculate it, with each cell being represented
31801: This script reads lines from the file and returns only those that start “Hello” using list comprehension, which is an efficient way to process lists
31802: This Python function implements the binary logarithm. It repeatedly divides by two until it's less than one, then returns an integer that represents how
31803: This Python function attempts to convert the input value into either an integer if possible and then floats it again in case of failure; otherwise raises exception with
31804: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to m, inclusive. It does so by multiplying each number in range [n..m
31805: This line of the given Python script is returning DOI split by '/' and taking 4th element from it, which corresponds to Publisher ID
31806: If the input 'llist' isn’t an instance of List data type in Python. Convert it into one and return as output else just keep
31807: This function takes as input the list of student's test results, and returns an empty array because there are no valid data points. If all values
31808: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31809: This function splits the input 'string' into two parts at first occurrence of closing bracket and returns them as tuple if found else it will return
31810: This Python function finds the lowest number that is less than or equal to 'target' among all numbers present within an array. It also identifies highest
31811: This Python function raises an error when the 'slide' parameter is greater thatn its corresponding argument, "kernel". It then calculates how many times
31812: A function that inverts the dictionary of strands and returns an equivalent string based on its input using get method with default value as 'None'.
31813: If the input string matches regex pattern of one or more digits followed by 'Gi' in Python scripting language with optional comma and digit after
31814: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and capitalizes all other characters that are not upper case
31815: This function calculates the temperature sensitivity of an object to thermal radiation. It is based on three parameters, t(temperature), Tf and f which
31816: Returns the string 'Secret' followed by an inputted name.  The function is used to encrypt user names in some form of encryption or dec
31817: This Python script retrieves the MAC address from either of two keys ("primary", or just WiFi). If both are not present, it returns an empty
31818: This Python function checks the type of 'input' variable and performs different actions based on its types. If it’s an integer then returns two copies
31819: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the base three. It raises and handles errors when given input is less than zero, as it
31820: This function splits the input string into individual "words" using regular expression splitting, where '\W' matches any non-\w character and ' +
31821: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns square root. The result is then multiplied by itself to get another value, which it assign
31822: This Python function calculates the value of variable 'V' based on another given input, which is assumed to be in scientific notation and returns it as
31823: This Python script takes an arbitrary number of command line arguments and joins them into one string. The first argument is converted to the same type as all other
31824: This Python function splits the input string into two pieces using "=" as separator and returns them in tuple format with name first followed by its
31825: This function calculates the area of an intersecting rectangle. The coordinates are given in dictionary format where "(key, value)" pairs represent x and
31826: Extracts the value of 'CustomerID' from an XML string using Python and regular expressions, starting with <%...%.  It returns it
31827: Checks whether an object or its first element are lists. If all conditions met return true else false – checks the type of each item and returns
31828: This line of the given Python script is returning an array as string with each element separated by space in one single row using map and str functions from python
31829: This Python script creates two lists by adjusting the values of one list based on an 'offset' value. The adjusted results are then returned as separate
31830: This Python script calculates the minimum distance between two points using absolute values of their differences. The three distances are calculated and then returned as one line with
31831: Returns the pokemons id with leading zeros. If less than three digits it will be left justified using zero padding to make its length
31832: This Python script changes the type of 'PostgreSQL' timestamp field to text.  The condition checks whether it is an existing PostgreSQL time stamp and,
31833: This Python script finds the last part of 'filename' that is separated by '/'. If no such separator exists in filename it returns two null values
31834: This line of Python script calculates the number days in tseconds, and then multiplies it by eight to convert from seconds into hours. The result
31835: This function takes in the list of trees and returns them with their rightmost characters removed.  It uses Python's builtin 'map', which
31836: This Python function sums the digits of an integer. It converts each number to its corresponding ASCII value, adds them up and returns that total
31837: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
31838: This function retrieves the batch ID from an AWS Lambda request if it exists, otherwise returns "None".  It also handles any exceptions that may
31839: A Python script that creates an empty ‘n x m’ matrix filled with boolean values. The size of the 'm' dimension is variable and
31840: This Python function checks the type of 'None', an empty tuples or integers. If none match it returns either original value ('if' condition
31841: This function will return the first odd integer from given input. If no such element exists, it raises and handles error "An exception is raised when there
31842: This Python function checks whether the input `bool`, string representation of it ("True", etc.), and returns either that value itself. If none match
31843: This function returns the maximum value of two possible results, depending on whether or not it's been called with valid input. If no argument is passed
31844: This Python script creates an array of size maxTrial + 1, initializing each element as None. It then populates the first index with '
31845: This line of Python script returns the negative values from an input list.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that task, which is more
31846: If the input is 0, returns "zero". Otherwise it will check whether its an integer and then decide on returning either 'one' or `
31847: This Python function takes as input the "text", which is expected to be an object with attribute 'cleandescription' that contains strings, and returns
31848: This Python script flattens the nested list into one single level by using three loops and append method of python lists – List Comprehension
31849: This Python function counts the number of "n", 's', ‘v’ ,'f','q'(all lowercase letters in an input
31850: This Python script is used to find and extract specific patterns from the given input 'text'. The function returns all blocks of texts that contain any one or
31851: This Python script splits the given `connection_string` into key/values pairs, then returns them as dictionary object using provided format of splitting by
31852: If the input is zero, it returns that value. Otherwise - convert to oct and add ten times result of recursive call on quotient divided by
31853: This Python script calculates the sum of each element from two lists, where both are assumed to be same length. The elements at corresponding positions get multi
31854: This Python function takes an IPV6 string and splits it into two parts - the host part which is everything before ':' character in case of
31855: This line of the function returns all characters in 'title' except last one. The purpose is to remove trailing comma and space from string "Title
31856: This function is used to create an array of paths that should be excluded from the analysis, based on some criteria defined by "fuzzy" matching
31857: This line of the script retrieves an 'verbosity' value from our configuration file, which is either set to True or Flase depending on whether
31858: This function checks if the length of coordinate system is greater than 1, then it also verifies that each sublist in 'given' has at
31859: If the list has one or two elements then it returns that element. Else sorts and reorders them based on their second value of tuple/list
31860: This script concatenates the nodes, edges and global attributes from one dictionary into another in Python using numpy's concat function with an additional parameter
31861: This Python function tries to return the item of an object, but if it fails due “Attribute Error” then instead returns that number itself as is
31862: A Python dictionary is created with keys 'user', and the value of each key as another python dict. The first element in both dictionaries are identical
31863: This Python function calculates the modular multiplicative inverse of 'a' under Modular Arithmetic. The formula is derived from Fermat’s Little
31864: This Python function calculates the sum of elements at specific positions from two lists. The length 'len()'' is used to get number or items,
31865: Checks whether the input 'VOCAB' variable has an instance of dictionary with string keys as values that are either lists/dictionaries –
31866: This function checks whether the list is empty or not, and also determines its first element's data types. If it finds any non-"type"
31867: This function is used to find the minimum number of notes and bills required that can be returned as change. It uses dynamic programming approach where it calculates
31868: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' scalar or not. If it’s an integer/float then return as single element
31869: This program calculates the sum of ASCII values from input string. It uses bitwise left shift and addition to calculate each character’s value,
31870: This Python script splits the input string into individual emai addresses, removes any leading/trailing whitespace from each one and returns them as
31871: A function that returns the dictionary with keys 'prodcut id', ‘Question’ and answeR's value. The values are taken from
31872: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is zero, it returns one; otherwise return recursive call to calculate
31873: This Python function calculates the number of frames needed to render an object at original frame rate. It takes as input two parameters, 't' and
31874: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31875: This Python script converts dictionary values to appropriate data types based on their original type and assigns them into new dictionaries 'varDict'. The
31876: This function checks if the number is prime by checking divisibility from 3 to sqrt of that num. If it's not then return
31877: This function adds up three arguments.  It's very simple and doesn’t do much else, but it does what is needed to add together
31878: This function returns different values based on the input string 'coverage'. The return value is dependent upon whether or not it matches any of these cases in
31879: This line of the Python function checks if length oid is equal to 2. It returns True or False based on whether it's an O
31880: This function returns an object with the type set to 'Image Carousels' and also takes in one parameter, which is expected as array of images
31881: If the string '${var}' is longer than eight characters, it returns Hello [Name], You have really Long Name. Otherwise It says
31882: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
31883: This script will strip the white spaces from each word of given list and returns it as new List without any extra space at start or end – one
31884: If both "talent" and 'covenan' are empty, it will simply output the type of simulation.  This is an example
31885: If the string starts with '-', it returns nothing, else simplifies and return part of that line before '==' sign or whole thing in case
31886: Implement the function to convert all underscores in string model into spaces.  The first character of each word should be capitalized and other characters
31887: This function extracts the substring between parentheses from input string. If there is no valid syntax, it raises domain error with message "Invalid
31888: This Python script calculates the ratio of two wave files, 'wav' and compares them using their absolute differences to find out how much they
31889: This function converts the input to string, then checks if it's one of three possible values ("True" or “T” and/
31890: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', and returns its corresponding
31891: This python script calculates the least common multiple and greatest Common Divisor of two numbers. The algorithm uses Euclid's Algorithm to find G
31892: This function checks whether the input is an empty string or not. If it's true, then return that same value as output; otherwise check first
31893: This function returns an empty list when the input 'None' or any other value, else it simply return that same item. 1 line of Python
31894: This Python function merges all the elements of 'pinyin_dic' into one dictionary. The keys and values are taken from each element within
31895: Try to get the number of listeners in each category. If it fails because there is no such music genres yet created then return an error message stating
31896: This Python function takes three parameters and performs some calculations on them if they are of type 'str'. The first two convert the string inputs to floats
31897: If either the 'client' variable, and/or one of its attributes are not defined. Return zero as an error condition; otherwise return whiche
31898: This function splits the taglines into separate tags. It uses Python's list comprehension to iteratively process each string of characters separated by sem
31899: This function returns the value of an AWS Lambda resource's specified property.  The logical name and attribtue are passed as parameters to
31900: Removes special characters from the given string.  It only allows alphanumeric, space and some of these symbols are used to format text like
31901: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from list split by "/" at index 3, which corresponds to file name in Unix
31902: This Python function calculates the value of y based on an input 'x' and two parameters, which are stored in lists. The first parameter is
31903: This Python script checks whether the given information about bourse is valid or invalid, and returns appropriate values based on that validation process; it also handles cases
31904: This Python script splits the connection string into key/value pairs and returns them as dictionary using list comprehension, which is an efficient way to convert
31905: This script takes two command line parameters and separates them into an "options" list based on whether they start with the string '"--". If so
31906: This is an example of list comprehension, which creates new lists by performing some operation on each element. The result will be the same as if you
31907: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is equivalent to altitutde plus five hundred. It then divides by ten
31908: If the first element of list 'P' is equal to that in second, return "99.0" else calculate and returns difference between last
31909: This Python function checks whether the length or number 'len' is same as that provided by another list. If it matches then returns 1 else raises
31910: This Python script splits the input string into separate values using ',' as separator and converts them to integers before returning in form of List
31911: This Python function takes as input an array of characters and returns the name/label or identifier associated with each unique "compound" string that starts at
31912: This line of the Python script converts an input string to its equivalent decimal value. The percentage is then divided by ten hundred, resulting in one unit
31913: This function splits the input string into an array of parameters, then joins them with underscores if there is only one element in it; otherwise
31914: If the input array has no dimensions, return its value. Otherwise recursively call function on first element of dimension and reduce dimensionality by one until it
31915: This line of Python script multiplies the input value by nine hundred and fifty two five. The result is returned as output from function call in python programming
31916: This function takes in the string 'to parse'. It replaces all occurrences of "**bold text***" with an empty space, effectively
31917: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named 'moods' and populates it with data from the list of dictionaries. The keys are set
31918: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns TP rate. It takes two values from an array 'mx' which is assumed to be
31919: If the string starts with "/", return it as is, else check whether there's an explicit scheme and then append that to '//'. El
31920: This function converts the value of 'float' to percentage. If maximum is not zero, it returns its equivalent in percentages; otherwise return as
31921: This script loops through the list of items, checks if an attribute named 'category' exists on each one; then it adds that value to another array
31922: This function returns the result of dividing 'n' by two and adding any remainder. It is similar to rounding down in mathematics, but instead
31923: If the result 'None', return immediately; otherwise check whether it's of type dictionary and count its elements as part pattern score calculation process –
31924: This Python script creates an empty list of lists, which is equivalent to creating 'n' number or "rows" and each row has no elements.
31925: A function that returns the concatenation of package name and version number.  The result is in format ${PACKAGE}_v_{VERSION}.
31926: This Python function calculates the value of 'theta' in polar coordinates. The formula is derived from trigonometric identities and involves addition, subt
31927: This script is used to get the positions of all enemies heads on board using given game'data".  It uses list comprehension and if condition statement
31928: This Python function checks the sides of three different numbers, returns one number based on which is larger. If all are equal it will return zero as per
31929: This line of Python script splits the input string 'x' into individual elements and then rearranges them to form pairs in order, using an
31930: This function checks whether the given number is within range of possible values. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true to indicate that they
31931: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'sentData' using nested dictionaries to handle multiple levels of keys separated
31932: This program takes an input filename and splits it into two parts based on the '.' character. It then checks whether or not there is more than
31933: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries from the given array of arrays using zip function to match keys between two lists
31934: This line of the Python script checks if two tokens are equal, with one being quoted. If so it returns True; otherwise False is returned by function
31935: This Python script multiplies the input 'amount' by ten million and then returns an integer division of that result. The function is named as "convert
31936: If the input number is less than 2, it returns that same value. This function does not do anything else and simply checks whether or no an
31937: This Python script splits the input string into separate rows, then converts each row to three floating point numbers and stores them as list elements of another
31938: Parses the string txt and tries to convert it into Float32 or returns zero if conversion fails with an exception thrown by parsing function
31939: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from L to R inclusive, where each number is calculated as an arithmetic series. The formula used here
31940: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you can use any language, but Python is
31941: This Python script reads lines from the file and returns its length which is less than or equal to 1000 characters in total content of that
31942: This Python script replaces the string '{}' with either `"FUZZER NAME HERE!"` or another specified word depending on whether it
31943: This Python function checks whether the value of 'Auto IR A' is greater than 1 or not and returns it as an integer with default values at
31944: Creates dictionary with information about the current event. The keys are "Leage Name", “Start Time”, and other details related to track
31945: This Python function calculates the coefficients of linear regression using given data points. The input is list containing tuples where each tuple represents an observation and
31946: This function checks if the current row or column is at its boundary. If it're not in an evenly divisible manner with 'ncols
31947: This Python script splits the input string into multiple line strings, and then returns only one of them in case there are more than two or less ones
31948: This Python function calculates the sum of 'm' and some constant multiplied by an input variable, named "X". The result is stored in
31949: This Python function generates and returns the contents of all text files from start to stop inclusive as one string with new Lines separated by '\r\t
31950: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns value 'V' based on some conditions. The values are calculated as per formula provided in problem
31951: Checks if the number is evenly divided by another. If it does, returns true; otherwise false  Code snippet used in solution to
31952: This function returns the string '${variable}' in between two strings. This is done to greet someone by their name using an input parameter
31953: This function takes two integers as input and returns the string representation of an enumeration. The first integer is used to determine which character should be subtracted
31954: This Python script is used to extract the start and end times of each segment, along with its corresponding speaking identity from an API response object "results".
31955: This Python script checks the type of an object and performs different actions based on its class. If it's string then adds some text to both sides
31956: This function checks whether the given values meet certain conditions. The first condition is that 'slope' should be less than both of its inputs, while
31957: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and modifies it based on its value. If "None", then sets to one; otherwise changes
31958: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31959: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
31960: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it can't be converted, then return original value as
31961: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression that is dependent on two variables, 'lambda' &amp;lt;&#3
31962: Converts an input number to binary format.  The function takes the integer as its argument and returns it in two'd form with leading z
31963: This Python script creates an empty 3D list/array with the specified height and length, filled by None values to represent its contents as matrices of
31964: This line of the Python script checks whether 'a' is either equal to string value "'A'" ('R') OR equals any other character. If
31965: This Python function checks whether the given input 'output' exists. If it does, then returns "OK" and an empty list; otherwise return with
31966: This Python function calculates the average signal power from an array of signals, given their corresponding phases and gains at each phase as input parameters."
31967: This Python function calculates the number of passes required to reach certain conditions based on input parameters such as floor numbers and cabin area in square feet; passenger
31968: This function returns the length of string s.  It'll be useful in many applications where we need to know how long something is, like determining
31969: This line of the function checks if 'val' is within an inclusive range defined by two bounds, i.e., it returns True only when "
31970: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31971: This function splits the string g by "-". If it's either equal to 'AMD', or equals ‘NVIDIA’ then returns
31972: This line of the Python function returns two values from an input value. The first is in lower byte and second one has higher order bit as per standard
31973: This function returns the path to an IEMRE hour file in NetCDF format, which is used by MesoNet data processing software and services
31974: This function calculates the value of an integer based on its position in sequence. If it's even, returns negative one; if odd or at
31975: This function is used to adjust the learning rate based on an exponential decay schedule, as defined by 'total' number of training iterations or Epoch(
31976: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
31977: This Python function calculates the ID of each passenger's boarding pass. The input is an array containing characters representing seats, where F stands to
31978: This function calculates the maximum value of an unknown variable based on its class name, which is then returned as 'uMax'. If no match found
31979: This line of Python script converts all elements to integer type. It uses the builtin function int() and applies it on each element from given input
31980: This python script is checking the status of each domain and if it's ok, then checks its categories. If 'Auth', sets ```me
31981: This function returns the format of an image based on its extension. If no match is found it defaults to 'unknown'.  The dictionary keys are extensions
31982: This piece of Python script checks the value stored in 'turn' and returns either “blue team” or, depending on whether it is true that
31983: This function splits the input string into parts based on hyphen, and then joins them back together with another character in between if it has more than
31984: This Python script generates the state of an array with maximum length and formatting according to given parameters such as 'number' size ('size'), padding between
31985: This function scales the input coordinates by 98% and mirrors them vertically to create an illusion of depth perception in three dimensions space using
31986: This function reads the first two bytes of an input file and checks if they are equal to certain "magic" values. If so it returns True
31987: This function checks whether the string starts with "*" and returns either true, false based on that condition; it also handles multiple lines of comments in Python
31988: This Python script checks if the variable 'N_sts' is greater than or equal to zero and assign it its corresponding value from dictionary. If
31989: This Python script takes an input string of arguments, splits it into variables and returns them as dictionary with variable names being the keys while their values are
31990: This script calculates the position of each base pairing between two sequences. It starts from one end and moves towards another until it encounters an alignment
31991: This Python script generates an object with long names as keys and values from the 'enumerations' list.  It uses dictionary comprehension to achieve
31992: This line of the given Python script is returning an empty string. The function split() splits its input into substrings, and then it joins them
31993: If the 'user' variable isn’t defined, return command. Else check whether it equals to root; in that case execute as super use
31994: This function returns the contact details of all employees who work at '<COMPANY>'.  The lambda expression is used to filter out only
31995: This python script calculates the number of times that an inputted 'point' is inside or on one side/boundary line from any given "
31996: This function checks if the input variable 'is_bool' or any of its subclass/superclasses are boolean. If it finds such an instance
31997: This Python function takes as input an NLTK parse tree and returns the first word of each nonterminal node. It does so by iterating over
31998: This Python script attempts to list the files in an input path, and handles any file system errors that may occur by printing them directly on console with "
31999: This Python function converts time in seconds into minutes and the remaining second. If input is more than or equal to an hour it will return as H
32000: Listens on the specified port and closes it if successful, otherwise returns False. If an error occurs during listening or closing then catches that exception
32001: This function checks if the string 'GISPromt' is present as an input, then it also verifies that there exists another key named age with
32002: This Python function attempts to convert the input data into an integer, then it tries converting that same value in another way. If all fails and no conversion
32003: This Python function is used to extract timing information from the given dataset based on specific conditions specified by 'trial type'. The extracted time values are stored
32004: This Python script converts the list of strings into one long string with each element separated by comma. The last character is removed to make it suitable as
32005: Merge two Python dictionary objects into one using the 'merge' operation on keys that exist both ways; otherwise use value from second object if it exists
32006: This Python function calculates the average of n numbers, starting from 0. The formula used is "(sum - x)/count" where sum
32007: This line of Python script is used to get the punctuations from python's builtin module 'string'. It returns one character that represents all
32008: This Python function performs division operation based on the sign of both numbers. If one or more are negative, it calculates absolute value before performing modulo
32009: Generates an ARN string using the stack name and unique ID.  The format is arn:: AWS CloudFormation : region, account id
32010: This script reads an input file, and if the word 'Volume Of Unit Cell' is found within that text it will be removed from all remaining content
32011: This Python function is used to colorize the output based on certain conditions. It checks whether each first character in every string, and returns different colored strings
32012: If the value of 'main peak' is less than that in nearby star peaks, return half its own size; otherwise it returns twice as much and
32013: If the 'image' tag is found within an input, it will return true. Otherwise false if not present or multiple occurrences of same images
32014: This function checks the 'scope' parameter and returns different results based on its value. If it is either congrenational or county codes then try
32015: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionary 'data' and returns only those entries where keys are present within an array named `okKeys`
32016: A dictionary is created with the key "ONE" and value 0. The function returns that dict, which contains one entry where its 'key'
32017: This function calculates the ratios of changes in position and size between two boxes. The input is four tuples representing coordinates on an image plane where
32018: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is one less than its input, and then takes modulo four. It's essentially doing some
32019: This Python function counts the number of G's and C’ s present within an input string. It then calculates percentage GC content by dividing
32020: This function checks the input 'metho' and returns either none, or raises an error. It also handles two specific methods - signal & thread
32021: This Python function tries to return the Session ID from an API response. If it fails, then returns "None".  The exception handling is used in
32022: This Python function checks the existence of an 'Abstract' key within provided data and returns appropriate messages based on its presence or absence as well it compares
32023: If the input 'LST' doesnt have any elements then return an empty array else it will recursively call itself to handle nested lists and add
32024: This function returns the TLS connection string. The master host and port are used to establish an encrypted, secure communication channel with another server or service using
32025: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on three variables. The first two are multiplied, and then one is subtracted from it
32026: This line of the given Python function returns RGB values after applying an adjustment based on percentage. The adjusted value is calculated by multiplying original color with '
32027: This Python script sorts the keys of an inputted 'dict' object and assigns them to another dict, effectively creating it from its values as well
32028: This Python function takes two matrices as input and returns their product. The first matrix is multiplied by the second one elementwise, resulting into another
32029: Increment the index of an 'if' condition, and then check its value to decide which file name should be returned based on whether it is less
32030: This Python script splits the input string into separate numbers, converts them to floats and stores these as elements of an array list which is then
32031: This function checks if the given string is one of several possible conversions. If it matches, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there
32032: This Python function checks if the given string is one of several possible flag options. If it's none, then returns false; otherwise true or None
32033: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'gamma' and it returns its ratio to another term in terms alpha, which
32034: If the input 'keylist' exists and it’s of type List then return all elements in that as string separated by comma. Else just
32035: Updates the default dictionary with kwargs and returns it as result of function call "defaultdict".  The purpose is to update or add new
32036: Throw an error when the destination is smaller in terms of bytes.  This can help prevent data loss or corruption during file transfers and ensure that
32037: This script checks the existence of certain keys ("Tenants", 'User Domain Name', etc.) within an input dictionary. If these exist, it
32038: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'myself' and only appends elements that are unique to it into another
32039: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from another given 'dict' object using its keys as indices of new dictionaries
32040: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
32041: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32042: This line of the given Python function returns four values. The first two are extracted from an integer argument using bitwise operations and masking to extract specific
32043: This Python script converts all Chinese characters within the string to their ASCII equivalents. It does so by replacing each character with its equivalent Unicode
32044: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32045: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees c and f, which is 1
32046: This function returns the URL of tenant clients v1.  It is used to get information about tenants in an organization's directory service, which
32047: This Python script takes an object as input and converts it into dictionary format. If the provided configuration is not None, then convert each property of that
32048: This function calculates the energy of an object given its weight and density. The formula is E = mc^2, where "m" represents
32049: If the function receives 'parsed' or multiple types, it raises an error. Otherwise returns one of two provided options ('processed').  This
32050: This Python function returns the ratio of matching tokens between two lists, where each list is assumed to be an ordered sequence and both are indexed from zero
32051: This line of Python script sorts the list 'x' by its value associated with "Name". The last element in that sorting is returned.
32052: This function takes two arguments and returns the first one. It's just an example of how to create functions in Python 3 that can be used
32053: This Python script creates an array of bits that represent the masks. The function takes as input one integer per each CPU and returns its corresponding bit representation
32054: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with various image transformations. The keys are the transformation names ('mix', 'gauss'...), values
32055: This function checks whether the list is empty or not. If it's anempty one then returns another blank tuple else proceeds to find and replace element
32056: Returns 1 if the rotation type is greater than or equal to four, else returns zero. This function checks whether rotations are enabled in your game
32057: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is less than or equal to one, it returns "one". Otherwise
32058: If the length of 'List 0' is less than that by List B then remove elements from "B" else process as per normal. El
32059: If the output time is greater than input, return difference. Otherwise do nothing or an empty string respectively in Python programming language – Code snippet
32060: This Python function checks the type of 'longitude' and performs different operations based on its types. If it’s an integer/float then returns
32061: This Python script converts command line argument into dictionary format where keys are the names of parameters and values can be either boolean true/False if it is
32062: This function creates windows from the input 'Individua'. It checks whether or not to raise an error based on certain conditions. If it'
32063: This function checks if the string 'charset' is present within another given inputted character set. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
32064: This function converts all non-"Object"-typed columns to object type.  It is used when the data contains mixed types of values, and we
32065: This Python function splits an eMail Address into two parts, checks if the number of 'at' symbols is 0 or more than one and
32066: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
32067: This function checks whether the input variable 'thing' can be considered as an instance of type "str" within another data structure. If it does not
32068: This Python script converts the version tuple into string format. For example, if input is ('0', '34'), output will be `'
32069: This line of the given Python script returns an array that contains only those elements from x and y where their corresponding values are not equal to zero.
32070: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'traces' array and appends each second element of every subarray to our
32071: This function returns the full path to an object in Google Cloud Storage. The bucket name and filename are passed as parameters which is then formatted into one line
32072: This function checks if the string contains '{' before it has found its corresponding closing bracket, returning True only when both are present in correct order with
32073: This line of the given Python script is fetching 'Account ID' and ‘ID’ from service class using get method which returns these values in
32074: This function returns the result of adding index and key, then taking modulo with base value which is constant. It's used to generate alph
32075: This Python function checks whether the input 'dims' variable type to be string and then splits it by comma into list of integers using List Com
32076: This Python script checks if the given hostname is present within /etc/.  If it'is, then returns true. Otherwise false or nothing
32077: This function checks if two dictionaries have the same length of keys/values pairs with identical orderings within each dictionary only when they are both empty or
32078: This Python script returns the reverse of an input dictionary where keys are IDs and values is name from another map 'rses' which has been provided
32079: If the input is an empty array, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns area of triangle formed by coordinates given as parameters to function 'triangleArea'.
32080: This function checks the input 'Model Name' and returns either ('Output', error), where Output can be any value depending on what Model was passed as
32081: This function returns the first character of its input string, if it is "V". If not ("not V"), then an error message will be returned
32082: This function takes in one string and replaces all spaces with underscores.  It'll be used to clean the data before processing it further
32083: This function checks if the first character of 'piece' is an uppercase letter and returns True or False accordingly."  Code explanation/description should be
32084: This Python function converts the input string to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns
32085: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
32086: This Python function checks whether the environment variable 'env' contains key named as CFLOW'. If it does, returns its value. Otherwise return default null
32087: This Python script checks the warning flags and returns them as prefixes or empty string depending on whether they are prefixed with '-w' – which
32088: This function calculates the new frame rate after applying an adjustment factor to account of changes in frames. The formula is derived from calculating how much more pixels
32089: This function checks if the host name has exactly two dots in it, which is common on most networks but not all of them are used consistently across different
32090: If the input "STRING" variable in Python, it will check whether or not there's any content inside.  It returns that same value back
32091: This line of Python script calculates the angle in degrees and converts it to radians. The formula used is that one degree equals approximately .9
32092: This Python function converts all the articles to lowercase and adds them into an empty list, which is then returned as output of that particular method call
32093: Checks each field against the provided type. If any of them do not match, it returns 'false'. Otherwise - return True  Code explanation and
32094: This Python script generates an output dictionary where the keys are unique elements from 'X' and their corresponding values represent all other matching items found within X search
32095: This Python function returns the transpose of an input matrix. It does so by iterating over each row and column, swapping their positions within rows
32096: This Python function checks whether the user has specified either an estimator or some form – but not both. If neither are provided it raises Value Error with
32097: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates as input parameters and returns it via return statement,
32098: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same output with all elements stripped from leading/trailing whitespace.  It uses
32099: This line of the program checks whether 'res' is divisible by ‘N’. If it isn, then return N; otherwise subtract
32100: If the list is empty, return an blank string. Otherwise create and append to 'build' name followed by each item of `result` as separate
32101: This Python script splits the input strings into lists of individual elements and then compares them to find any unique items that are present only within one list
32102: This function checks whether the file name is in Python format or no, based on its extension (.PY). If it starts with ".", then return false
32103: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
32104: This Python script creates an output list by duplicating the length of each element within 'input' graph. The result is then returned as one line,
32105: This function calculates the linear regression using given x and y values. It returns an array of coefficients [(slope), Interception] in one
32106: This Python function takes an input string, 'sent', and returns the same sentence with all characters converted to lowercase using list comprehension within python'
32107: This Python function takes in three parameters and checks if they are all numerical values; otherwise it raises an AssertionError with the message 'Three arguments must
32108: Checks if the user has permission to perform an action. If they do, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on what is provided in
32109: This function returns the URL in string format. The scheme and location are taken as parameters to create an url with them formatted by '//'.  For
32110: This function takes an RGB value in the SRGB color space and returns its square root, which is equivalent to converting it into linear lightness or gamma
32111: If the value of 'd' is less that twice times length, it raises an error with message "The given number should not exceed two multiples
32112: Checks whether the variable 'value' is equal to some given input or not, and also checks that it has been assigned any specific "name"
32113: This Python script calculates the sum of all even numbers from 'n' to zero. It uses two variables and iteratively updates them until it reaches
32114: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' is present within an allowed set. If it isn’t, then X will be replaced with its
32115: This function calculates the number of steps needed to reach or pass from one point 'start' towards another with an interval between them being constant and positive
32116: This Python function calculates the nth Fibonacci number. It uses memoization to store previously calculated values and avoids recal
32117: This function returns the integer value of an element in list based on its position. If it's at index 'x', then return that number,
32118: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression based on two parameters, c0(the initial concentration), ρ is another parameter. The
32119: This line of the Python function checks if 'v' is one among five possible values that could be considered as True or False, which are represented by
32120: This Python script calculates the mean squared error of an algorithm. It takes as input two lists, one with x coordinates and another y coordinate values
32121: This line of the Python script is setting c to 3 depending on what value it has in variable 'routing'. If its equal with string slope
32122: This function returns an empty list when the input 'filtered' is not provided. Otherwise, it filters out all elements that are present within another collection
32123: This function compares two strings and returns the one that is longer, or if they are equal it will return true in case of equality checker being
32124: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
32125: This line of the given Python script splits each word in its input into separate strings, which is an operation that can be useful when dealing with text
32126: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
32127: This Python script fetches the YouTube upload URL of given username from gdata API by concatenating it with provided string and returning as resultant output
32128: This Python script calculates the sum of values associated with certain keys starting from "status" dictionary using if/else conditions and returns it as 'sum
32129: This function checks if the current mouse position is within an area defined by its coordinates, size.  The four corners of that rectangle are given as parameters
32130: This function checks whether the input 'Value' can be split into more than one part with at least two digits each in Python language using an IF
32131: This Python function splits the input string into two parts using an underscore "_", and then it converts both of these to lower case followed by
32132: This function checks if the URL contains either "instagram".com or "instagranm." in it, returning true when found and false otherwise
32133: This Python script calculates the value of 'x' raised to an exponent, k. If it is greater than or equal with "X", then
32134: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
32135: This Python function checks the first occurrence of "zero" in an input list. If found, it returns that zero's position; otherwise return all
32136: If either of the strings are not defined, return false. Otherwise continue with further processing...  Code snippet provided below to illustrate how it works
32137: This line of the Python script returns two URL strings that are concatenated with paths to get an image from Google Cloud Storage Bucket using EmScriptened
32138: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32139: This Python script converts DNA sequences from the four nucleotide bases to their complementary counterparts. It uses conditional statements and error handling mechanisms provided
32140: This function counts the frequency of each character present within string 's' and returns True if every unique char has appeared at least once, False otherwise based
32141: This Python function calculates the energy of water based on temperature T in Kelvin, using an equation derived from thermodynamic principles and empirical data
32142: This function raises exceptions if the input parameters are invalid. It checks that 'animation' and/or ‘Duration’ variables aren;t integers or
32143: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same lowercased version as its argument, but with all punctuation marks removed from it
32144: This Python function checks whether an input 'is instance of's value to see it being either str type. If true then returns that else raises error
32145: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning binary string. The '<<' operator shifts bits to left, filling in with zeros on
32146: If the number 'n' is equal to one, return value of that. Otherwise do nothing and end program execution with status "success". This line
32147: This Python function takes in four parameters and returns the values of "Text", 	"Channel" , 'TS' &	'User'. It is used
32148: This function returns the file extension of an mbox email address, which is used to identify emails in .eml format or other similar formats that are
32149: This function checks if the length of t is equal to its set representation. If they are not, it means that there's duplicate values in '
32150: This Python script retrieves the Sorted List of Buckets and Objects from an AWS Direct Distributions Information object, if it exists in that
32151: This Python function is used to extract reaction IDs from the input dictionary. It checks if keys 'reactants' or ‘products’ are present
32152: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer value. The operation is bitwise shift right, then and with mask to get only last digit
32153: This Python script uses two lists to find common elements and push them into an output list. It does not use any builtin functions that perform set operations
32154: This Python function takes two lists as input, compares each element of the first list with corresponding elements from second one and replaces larger value at that
32155: Initialized variables with values of ‘h’, 'm' and "s" to zero. These are the initial conditions in our simulation model
32156: If the HTML or CSS template is empty, it returns both. Otherwise only one of them will be returned and an additional "inline style tag with content
32157: This function checks if there is any ‘X’ on the game's grid. If so, it returns false; otherwise return true after checking
32158: This line of the script checks if 'P' is in `Server`. If it isn’t, then sets ‘Marker” to be
32159: This function calculates the sum of two headers and subtracts one from another. The result is then returned by calling it with three parameters, '
32160: This Python script is used to convert an RGB Image into grayscale using the formulae provided by Wu et al., “Three methods of
32161: This function returns the custom dimensions in JSON format.  It takes an input of 'extraProps' and outputs it as "{'key': value}"
32162: This function returns the string 'Subscribed to publisher id {}'. format() is used.  The input parameter, `Publish ID` ,
32163: This Python function splits the input string into two pieces based on ':' character and raises an error if it's not in correct format, otherwise
32164: This Python script reads an input file and performs various operations on the data. The main operation is to count how many times each number appears in order from
32165: This function takes in an input string and returns all the strings longer than 2 characters. It uses Python's builtin `filter` method to
32166: Generates the necessary key tool commands to create an SSL certificate request.  The CSR file, keypair location and password are all provided as
32167: This line of the script converts both variables to strings. The first variable is converted from an integer type into string format and vice versa in order
32168: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side1,side3 and base as
32169: This Python function takes an input value and checks if it is either 'True' or 'False'. If the given string matches any of these values,
32170: Generates the string to be used as part of naming and versioning.  The format is '<accesID>--[packageName
32171: If the input 'index' is negative, it raises an error. Otherwise return string representation of incremented value by ‘+’ one from given
32172: This Python function checks whether the key `‘ expirity time ’` is present within JSON data and replaces it with an updated value of
32173: Returns an empty string of length 'm' in Python. It is equivalent to the C++ function "std::string(size_t, char
32174: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same elements, but with commas between each element. For example if you call `print` on
32175: If the length of document exceeds schema, it's an "invalid" state. Otherwise return true and print out that everything went fine."  This
32176: Code: If the length of list 'A' is three, append an extra element with value "256" to it. Else do
32177: This function calculates the complement of an input number. It takes in one parameter, 's', and returns its reciprocal or "complement
32178: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then splits the string 's' into individual elements, adding each second element to its corresponding key in dict
32179: Checks if the first nonempty comment exists, returns false otherwise with true when there's at least one empty or commented out statement before it"
32180: This Python script generates an IP address as binary representation and then converts it into the dotted decimal format using bitwise shift operator '>>' followed by
32181: This Python script calculates the number of workable calendar weeks per year from two lists. The first list is representing annual working hours and second one represents
32182: This Python function takes an input string of characters and returns two strings. The first one is the resultant "added" part after removing all "-",
32183: This script creates an empty list to store the path of robot's movements from start point AA through end points BB on grid with dimensions XX
32184: If the variable 'None' or boolean value then return false. Else check type of given input and perform specific action based on it ie.,
32185: Checks the type of input parameters and raises an error when they are invalid types existent on them; otherwise it proceeds to perform some operation with these
32186: This function converts letters to their corresponding ASCII values. It does so by mapping each letter in the alphabet onto its position within an array,
32187: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32188: This function takes in the FEN string and returns whether or not it ends with 'W'.  It does so by splitting on spaces, then taking
32189: This line of Python script calculates the ratio ar/[a(r + √((3*n)/7))) and returns it multiplied
32190: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the given list of dictionaries. The keys are taken directly form 'evel
32191: This Python function calculates the power of two that is less than or equal to 'n'. It starts with an initial value, then increments until
32192: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding name of that specific月份. If provided with invalid inputs it raises error message stating 'invalid
32193: This function converts the input text to bold format.  It takes in one parameter, $tex and returns it as HTML formatted string with <strong
32194: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in Python script, but
32195: This function takes the password as input and appends it to an echo command with 'sudo' privileges. The result is returned in one line of text
32196: This line of the Python script converts rows into dictionaries. The keys are column names and values correspond to cell data in that particular record/row
32197: If the 'shell' variable is zero, it returns one. Otherwise nothing happens and continues execution of program flow with no output or result returned to call
32198: This Python script calculates the maximum number of children that can be attached to any node. The nodes are identified by their names and each graph is represented
32199: This line of the program calculates and returns two lists. The first list is made up by subtracting one value from another to get an integer result
32200: This Python script checks whether the string 'Meta' is present as part of keys within nested dictionary, then it returns value associated with that key from another
32201: This function returns the string 's' only when it is equal to “ name”. Otherwise, return original value of ```python````
32202: This function takes two binary digits as input and performs an operation based on the first three or four of them. If all are zeroes it returns
32203: This function calculates the maximum number that can be represented with 'width' bits. It does so by raising two to power of one less than bit
32204: This Python script creates and returns the dictionary 'y' with its keys as values from another list of integers named "x". The new created dict is
32205: If the string starts with specified sub_str, return everything after that; else just returns original str – Python Code Snippet to check whether
32206: This Python script generates an SQL SELECT statement from the data provided by 'fields' dictionary, which contains name and type of fields along with any modifier
32207: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number repeated by '*' character. Summary should be concise, clear to
32208: This Python function maps the compression indicators to their corresponding decompressed file extensions in an URL string by using dictionary mappings and getting method of python d
32209: This line of the given C++ program is creating an integer variable with specific values. The value 'offset' and bitwise AND operation are used to
32210: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
32211: Checks if the given string contains "alt text". If it does, returns true. Otherwise false or null depending on whether an image tag is found
32212: This line of Python script calculates the total minutes in an hour. It multiplies two numbers together and returns that result, which is equivalent to converting
32213: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each of the given 'datasets'. For every item within these items it checks if
32214: This Python function takes an input string and checks whether it contains ':'. If yes then the first part of that is split into two variables m &amp
32215: This function returns the same result as its input, but with different conditions. It checks whether an integer is greater than or equal to tenfold and less
32216: This Python function checks the value of an input 'ndim' and raises either no error or specific errors based on whether it is less than 1
32217: This function sorts the list of sounding notes by their onset time using Python' built in sort() method with lambda as its 'key'.
32218: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the inputted strings then finds ")" in them using find function to get index of ")". Then it
32219: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an input string, which is obtained by splitting it at "/" and then selecting its third
32220: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
32221: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32222: This function checks if the conditions are met to determine whether or not there is any phase shift in DCS. It does so by checking specific values from
32223: This script checks whether the key "enabled" exists and returns its value, or defaults to false. If it doesn’t exist then return default values
32224: This Python function takes an integer input of total time in seconds and converts it into hours & minues. If the given number is zero, then
32225: This Python function reverses the sequence of characters represented by dictionary. The input is list `seq` and output will be string which has been reverse with
32226: This function checks whether the given string contains any of '*' and/or '%'. If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned
32227: A dictionary with user's information and roles as JSON formatting in JUPYTER notebook environment using Python programming language."
32228: This function checks if the given string contains either 'DOI:' followed by some text, an initial @ symbol and then any number of alphanumer
32229: This function returns the last character of input string. If it is "M", then True, else False or None if not applicable/not possible to
32230: This Python script creates an object called 'regions' that maps countries to their respective geographical areas. If the input country is unknown or unm
32231: A dictionary that represents the properties of an object. The name and description are set to be empty strings initially as they will later get populated with meaningful
32232: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32233: This Python function checks whether the input name has either string or symbol as its type. If it does not have one of these types then an error will
32234: This Python script reads an input file, splits each row into its components and stores them as key/value pairs within the form of dictionaries using
32235: This function checks if the given text contains any of three keywords, and returns whether it does so by setting 'True' when such keyword appears first followed
32236: This function takes in the tracking URI and returns it as is. It's used to get back from an external service that has been set up with
32237: This line of the function checks if an object 'obj' inherits from class string AND compares it with another lowercased version ('s
32238: If the message 'None' or an empty string, return it as such; otherwise join and split into individual strings to form new sentence with spaces between
32239: This Python function takes as input the list of labels and returns an equivalent one with incorrectly labeled instances replaced by 'WrONG LABEL'. The
32240: This Python script calculates the average of x and y coordinates from an input dictionary where each key is unique identifier representing different points on coordinate plane; values
32241: This line of the Python function checks if 'vid' is within range [lower, upper] where lower = 36 and upper=78.
32242: This Python function checks whether two objects have the same type. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as well depending on their types
32243: This function calculates the number of output rows in an image by applying convolution operation. The formula is derived from standard mathematical operations and it's based
32244: This Python function finds the smallest product of two numbers from an array. The input is expected to be sorted and each element should have at least one number
32245: This function checks if the given 'dense' dictionary has keys that are present as indices of another input.  It returns True only when both conditions
32246: This Python function calculates the inverse of an exponential decay, which is used in some machine learning algorithms to control model complexity and prevent overfitting on
32247: This line of the given Python script returns last element in file or directory name using split and indexing method, which is very useful when dealing with paths
32248: This line of Python script is creating regular expression to match the pattern in question. The .* means any character zero or more times, and ? makes
32249: This script is designed to analyze the type of property based on its 'building' attribute. The analysis will return an output that shows how many properties are
32250: This function computes the maximum depth of nested lists. If input 'list' has no elements it returns "1". Otherwise return summation from all
32251: This Python function returns all tracks from the list that have their "Last Frame" value greater than or equal to 'Frame Ind' AND whose first occurrence
32252: This Python function calculates the Fbeta score, which is an extension of precision and recall. The formula used here computes two terms - one term
32253: If the input 'case' variable does not exist or it has no value then return an empty string else convert to lower and remove special characters except numbers
32254: If the input 'tag' variable type in Python scripting language as List then it joins all elements of that tag into one string with comma separator
32255: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32256: This Python script reads from the first 3 lines of an input file, checks whether "read" variable equals to false and counts all nonmatching
32257: If the decimal number is 1, it returns 'one'. Else -> continue to check other conditions. Code continues until all possible cases are
32258: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. It takes as input t, which is in [0..1], and returns an output
32259: This function checks whether an IP address is within certain ranges. It returns true when the input number falls into one of two specific conditions, and false otherwise
32260: This Python script creates and returns an updated dictionary where all occurrences of the 'old' key is replaced with new, creating any necessary intermediate keys
32261: This Python function calculates the GC content of an input sequence by counting 'A', '-' and '%'. It then returns that percentage as output,
32262: This Python script calculates the average of all elements within an input list. The result is then returned as another output array, with each element being divided
32263: This Python script creates an array of size 'n' and performs operations on it based off the given list. The result is then returned as per each
32264: This line of the given C++ function is returning an integer value. It's performing binary AND operation on byte and shifting it to desired position using
32265: If the number is greater than 100, it changes its value to be equal or close/equal with 'm' and returns. El
32266: This Python function checks if two strings are anagrams of each other by comparing the frequency map/dictionary data structure in both string inputs, and
32267: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32268: This Python function calculates the Fibo sequence using recursion. The base case is when 'n' equals to or less than one, it
32269: This Python script finds the maximum length of any string found within 'data'. It initializes an empty variable "Max" to 0, then iter
32270: This Python script iterates over each item of the list 'words' and assigns it to an indexed key. The function returns modified version back
32271: This line of the Python script is checking whether there's an occurrence in string `(url):` and then either returning that substring or else
32272: Checks whether the input 'position' variable has two elements of type either integer/float. If it does then returns them as tuples rounded
32273: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
32274: Return an error response in JSON format with the provided parameters – Code(int), Message string and Data object/string respectively; or just ID if
32275: This function checks if the given 'num' is an Armstrong Number. It does so by checking each individual digits of num and raising it to
32276: This Python script creates and returns an updated version of the inputted 'dictionary' where all keys are modified by adding '_modified'. The values
32277: This Python function calculates the increment of temperature based on current location and returns it as an output in degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit
32278: This function takes two parameters - server and Key. It returns the URL to access that particular resource on an API endpoint of type Server using their unique identifier
32279: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers, given their product and an additional factor that is half its value in some cases to account both sides
32280: This Python function calculates the sum and difference of two numbers. It takes in three parameters; 'X', which is an integer or float number to
32281: This function takes in an input string and returns the path to that file with .html.ext appended, using Jinja templating engine syntax
32282: This piece of Python script is used to move the shape in 3D space. It takes into account both X and Y shifts when moving shapes from
32283: A Python class named '{0}' that inherits from UserErrors.  The `pass` statement is used as the body of an empty
32284: This function checks if the sum of x%y+z modulo two is less than or equal to three. It also verifies that half sums
32285: This function takes an input of "degrees" and returns the equivalent value in miles, calculated by multiplying it with approximately equal to one hundredth
32286: This function checks if the given latitude, longitude coordinates fall within an area defined by two other points. The four boundaries are specified in degrees or
32287: This line of Python script creates an identical dictionary to the original, deletes some keys with empty values and returns it.  The del statement is used
32288: This Python script checks whether the variable 'probably\_lBConfig' might be of type dictionary. If it does not then convert that value to
32289: This Python script filters out the samples that are not present within VCF file and sorts them, then creates an output dictionary with these filtered sample names as
32290: If the input string is not empty then it splits into three parts based on spaces; if there's only one part - assign that to '
32291: This Python function checks the given string and returns its corresponding name in terms of units, based on whether it is seconds ("S"), bytes per operation ('
32292: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32293: This function checks if the input is either 'Yes', ‘True’, or one of these three values. If it's not any other
32294: This function splits the input string into an array of individual tweets based on spaces, which is commonly used in Twitter data processing tasks such as sentiment
32295: This function returns the value of 'Ppk' in kilo pascal per hour, which is equivalent to one fourththousand fifths part from
32296: This Python function counts the number of nonzero elements present at each index position. It does so by iterating over all values 'val' from list
32297: If the current 'line' does nothing, return none; otherwise check whether it starts with “TITLE” and ends in double quotes -
32298: Counts the number of times an argument validation error occurs.  The parameter name and contract list are provided as input parameters to function 'validate'. This
32299: This Python function checks whether two given probabilities of occurring in an event occur together. If they do, it returns "both" and prints out that both
32300: If the P value is less than √(p/n), return '*'. Else, check next condition and so on until no
32301: This line of Python script filters out files with the given extension from list and returns only those names that end exactly as specified by '.' + ext parameter
32302: This function checks if the given string is part of an array or not, returning true when it finds and false otherwise – one line only using Python
32303: This Python script calculates the shaded area of each LED based on its neighbors and their lighting conditions, then stores these results into dictionary 'Sco
32304: This Python function calculates two values based on the input parameters. The first value is negative of w and second one will be equal to summation between
32305: This function checks if the third element of every dictionary entry is '?'. If so, it returns True. Otherwise False or None depending on whether there
32306: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32307: This Python function splits the string 'x' at each period and returns its last three characters, which is equivalent to getting just one third of all
32308: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32309: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32310: Displays the usage of 'show' commands. ...   ### END CODE SNAKECASE_SUMMARY###
32311: This python function calculates the saturation velocity of an electron beam using equation 3 from "Theory and Experiments in Atomic Physics" by
32312: This script calculates the minimum and maximum values in an array of numbers using Python's builtin functions 'numpy'. The result is returned
32313: Calculates the distance travel by car in hours.  Inputs are speed and time, outputs is total mileage of vehicle after traveling that hour or
32314: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32315: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns another list. The first number is clamped to the range [0; 1]
32316: This function converts the value of an integer or floating point number based on its type. If it is not recognized, then no conversion will be made
32317: If token lengths are not equal, raise an exception.  This is to ensure that both input strings contain equivalent number of characters/tokens before processing
32318: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32319: Returns the stage of business case based on its name. If it's not recognized, returns original input as is  Code length = 10 characters
32320: This function removes the trailing slash from an input string. If no such character exists in your given String then it returns original unaltered one
32321: This function converts the input 'value' from bytes to other units of measurement. It uses an if/else statement and basic arithmetic operations in
32322: This line of the given python script calculates and returns an estimate based on molecular ratio, denominators' masses. The result is then used to calculate
32323: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32324: This script returns the current date and time in JSON format. The values are all set to '*' which means they will be dynamically calculated based
32325: This function checks whether the input 'blood count' data type ('dict') or not. If it exists then returns its value else return default one
32326: If the given `str` starts by 'a', it returns all characters after that. Else, raises an assertion error stating what is wrong and
32327: This Python script splits the string 's' into two parts at each occurrence of ""@" and then further split these substring by":" to
32328: This Python function takes an IP address as input and returns the first part of it after removing any trailing dots that may exist in case there are multiple
32329: If 'DUMMY' is less than zero, it returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The value in DUMMY will be used
32330: This function checks whether the input 'mappin's type matches with either dictionary or lists; then it creates an indexed dictionaries from given
32331: This Python function converts the values of 'None' to ‘zero’ and non numeric strings into their string representation, then returns them as
32332: This Python script checks the file name of an input string, and returns it with its extension removed based on whether or not that filename ends in "/".
32333: This line of the Python script is creating two sets, one from inside tags and another ones with values in "in" key present under exceptions dictionary which
32334: This function takes in one string and replaces all spaces with underscores.  It's used to clean up filenames or any other
32335: This Python function calculates the factorial of an integer. It checks whether 'X' and all its values are integers; otherwise it raises "Type
32336: This script checks if the file extension of an inputted name is present within given extensions, returning true or false accordingly based on whether it exists among them
32337: If either of the two input strings are not provided, return false. Else check whether both string lengths match and then compare each character from left to
32338: This function returns the first extension found with url equal to 'item' from list of dictionaries. If no such an element is present, it will
32339: This script returns the domain names in an array format, with each element being one of these four strings which are constructed by replacing ${var} place
32340: This python script is used to filter the information from an input list based on some conditions specified by user inputs which are represented as binary strings of length
32341: This function converts the input list of integers into an integer in binary format. The join() and convert functions are used to achieve that goal, but
32342: This python script generates the URL based on state and acode provided by user, it is used to fetch data from eci website using BeautifulSou
32343: This Python function takes as input an array of tuples, where each tuple contains three elements - the first two are integers and represent coordinates on
32344: This Python function calculates the difference between two means, then computes their variances and standard deviations. It also uses these values to calculate an
32345: This Python function checks whether the input is an infinite, not valid numeric value ("NaN" in scientific notation), and converts it to its
32346: If the length of xsTypelabel is exactly two, it will return an integer that'll be multiplied by ten and then added to
32347: If the slope of our current segment is zero then we return an error. Otherwise calculate and returns value based on equation derived from given data points in form
32348: This Python function checks whether the input is less than zero, and returns “number plus one” or "input" itself depending on that. If
32349: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
32350: This line of the function calculates and returns mean squared error between true values 'True' in data set, predicted by model.  It is
32351: This Python function returns the number of columns in grid. If an error occurs, it will return zero instead to avoid any potential errors or crashes when trying
32352: This line of the program calculates and assigns to 'maximum' variables, which are used in other parts. The maximum values between two given
32353: This python function converts the given binary string to an integer. The input is expected as 'str' type and it returns one line output of converted
32354: This function checks whether the current piece is equal to what's been set by 'winning'. If it matches, then returns string of won. El
32355: This Python function returns true if the input string is either 'true' or 1, false otherwise when converted to lowercase form ('False', ''
32356: This function returns the connection string to connect with PostgreSQL database.  The user, password and host details are provided as parameters in order of their importance within
32357: This script is used to find the stations that are present on both local and remotely stored files, then removes those from 'master list'.  The
32358: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract "Secret key", which can be found in URLs of form 'http://example/?secret
32359: This function returns the result of an equation. The input is 'x', and it multiplies three times that value, then subtracts four from
32360: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32361: This function calculates the value of k in an equation, which is then checked to see if it's even or odd using modulo operation and
32362: This function returns True if the given array is sorted in ascending order, False otherwise.  It uses Python's builtin 'len()',
32363: A simple Python program that greets the user by their name. The greeting includes an exclamation mark at end of message and uses input from
32364: This Python function checks whether the input 'list' type of variable `B` matches with that from Variable A. If they match then it performs
32365: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32366: This script generates the frequency of each type an emotional event can occur based on its likelihood to be associated with certain types or events using machine learning models trained
32367: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two given numbers, where one number is multiplied by 0.7 and another times
32368: If the two input strings are equal, return true. Otherwise false is returned in Python programming language – one line solution to check whether or not they
32369: These are bitwise operations on the integer variable 'T' with different shift values. The first operation is ANDing T and its negation; second
32370: This Python function returns the numeric equivalent to each given string. The input is expected as an argument, which should be one or two characters long and
32371: This Python script splits the input string into separate values, strips leading and trailing whitespace from each value before returning them as list of strings
32372: Count the number of differences between two strings. If characters are not equal, increment counter by 1 and at end return that value as difference counts from
32373: This line of Python function returns the value at bit position. The '^' operator is used to raise two numbers together, and in python it can
32374: This function returns the URL to view an HTML table in BBB'S website, with parameters set according tihe inputted league id and some
32375: This Python script checks the input string against known image file extensions and returns their corresponding output extension if found, otherwise it defaults to Jpeg as fallback
32376: A 3D array of ones with dimensions x* y * z. This is done by using list comprehension to create the required number and size
32377: This function takes in one string and returns the same input with its parentheses removed if they exist, otherwise it simply outputs that no such thing exists
32378: Code returns the result of adding and subtracting two measurements with an error margin.  The results are centered on their original measurement value plus or minus its
32379: This function checks if the given 'battle' object has an active player with matching "identifer". If it does, then sets that specific battle
32380: This function returns the URL of an Open Pechas project on GitHub using its ID as input parameter, which is then formatted into string type and
32381: If the input value 'is of type' returns True then return its first element. Else just output it as given in case 3 else statement
32382: This line of Python script creates an identical copy list 'l' and then deletes the first occurrence instance "of thing" in that copied version,
32383: This python script performs some operations on three variables. The values of the first two are calculated from another variable 'cord'. Then these new calculations result
32384: Returns the scatterer 10% of probability in "scater" mode. This is used to calculate and display probabilities on screen or
32385: This function takes an extension or multiple ones as input and returns them formatted with uppercased names followed by the corresponding file type suffixes wrapped inside parent
32386: This function takes three arguments and returns an object with the first two being URLs. The third argument is set to 'Development' which indicates that
32387: This line of the Python function returns level multiplied by maximum value divided with ten. It is equivalent to rounding down and then dividing it again
32388: This line of Python script calculates the product sums across all elements within an input list.  The result is returned as one number, which represents their
32389: This function checks if the given value is within range of min to max values defined by user in python scripting language using logical operators AND & OR not
32390: Split the URL into its components.  The result is an array of strings where each string represents one component in order from left to right as per
32391: This line of the function calculates and returns an integer value that represents normalized coordinates. The normalization process involves shifting, scaling or resizing pixels to fit
32392: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
32393: If there are still bullets available to shoot then it prints that they can be loaded quickly and reduces bullet count by one; otherwise else statement is executed
32394: This Python script splits the given path into its constituent parts, ignoring empty and double dot (".") or triple dots("../") paths.
32395: This function checks if the status of 'VOC' is equal to draft and returns name. If not, it will throw an error message stating that
32396: This line of the Python script calculates half difference between two given numbers. The result is returned as an integer value which represents how many times one number
32397: A dictionary comprehension is used to create the Python dict object. The keys are numbers from ‘range’ function and values calculated as nth power
32398: This function returns the string "Header {0} :{1}" formatted with given parameters.  It is used to create HTTP headers in Python requests
32399: This function calculates the three values based on an input 'value'. The first two are simply added together with one other number. Lastly it subt
32400: This Python function calculates the value of bit string. The process is done by iterating over each digit from right to left and multiplying it with
32401: Creates an SQL statement to drop the table named '$name' and cascades it.  If such name does not exist, no action is
32402: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
32403: If the input 'list' or an empty array ('[]') it returns that. Otherwise recursively flattens any nested lists into one single level
32404: This Python function checks if all characters of the given string are digits. If so, it returns "True", otherwise - return as is and set
32405: This is the recursive implementation of Fibonacci sequence. It's simple and easy to understand, but it has an exponential time complexity
32406: Checks if the difference between two grades is zero. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False – Grade Difference Check
32407: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The base cases are defined, and then it uses these to calculate larger values
32408: This function returns the birthday of contact in MM/DD format.  It takes three parameters - 'Month', and two numeric values representing day
32409: This function checks whether the given `Path` object is empty or null, and returns an emtpy string in both cases; otherwise it replaces
32410: This line of the given Python function adds two elements at index ‘n’ and 'v' in an array. The result is returned as one
32411: This Python function checks whether the input 'paramter' can be converted to either true/False and returns it as Boolean type in case of success else
32412: This Python script generates an output string by repeating the first character of each word in 'input_string' until it is longer than or equal to its
32413: This Python function returns the third element of an input string, split by commas and converted to list format using python's built in str method '
32414: This function returns an array of "?" characters repeated the specified amount, as many times in one line using Python's join() method and list comprehens
32415: A dictionary that maps numbers to the season names. For example, if you input number '0' it will return string value of Spring as output in
32416: Removes special characters, numbers and underscores from the string. Converts all letters to lowercase then removes extra spaces between them using '_
32417: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual "tokens" using space as delimiter and returns them in list format, which
32418: This function checks whether the string starts with given prefix and returns substring from index of that position onwards, else it just return original id as is
32419: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to multiply corresponding elements from two lists. The result is another one with the same length as input vectors
32420: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements at even indices multiplied by their square value and then returns it as result from an array 'd
32421: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns minimum size that can be used to store an object with n categories in memory using binary logarithmic
32422: This line of Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable `is an instance` or it isn’t. If X doesn‘ t have
32423: This function calculates the perfect squares of positive integers. It takes an integer as input, finds its root and then returns that value squared if it
32424: This function converts the input number to string, then iterates over each digit of that String and adds them up.  It does so by converting
32425: A dictionary of fields in the experiment.  The keys are names and values represent their types or descriptions respectively, e..g., FC is Field Control
32426: If the list 'mat' is empty, return true. Otherwise it returns false as there are elements in that array/list and we can not determine
32427: This Python dictionary holds information about different states of Smartnodes. The keys are strings that represent these state names - "enabled", etc., while each value
32428: This Python function takes an absolute or relative file system paths and returns the simplified version of it by removing unnecessary "../" entries from them, while keeping
32429: This Python function calculates the 'upper' and "Lower" values based on an inputted parameter. The formula used is as follows - Upper Value
32430: This line of Python script returns all elements from the 'other' list that are NOT present within another resource. It uses an attribute lookup to find these
32431: This function returns the appropriate codes based on input. It checks if an argument is one of four types and then it assigns that type to 'code
32432: This function returns the middle value of an input number. If 'input' is less than one, it will return zero as per requirement in problem statement
32433: This line of the function returns an integer value. The input is not used in any operation, but it's being returned as output to be printed
32434: This function takes two arguments, multiplies them together and returns the result.  It's an example of simple arithmetic operation in Python programming language
32435: This Python script splits the input string into lines, skips empty ones using continue statement if present at start or end of each nonempty one with
32436: This Python function splits the input string into year/month and day parts using '/' as separator then formats it to 1 digit number with
32437: This function checks whether the input 'data' variable, which should be either an existing pandas Data Frame or none of these three conditions are met;
32438: This function calculates the Akaike Information Criterion, which is used to compare different models in machine learning and selection of best model based on
32439: This python function modifies the value of 'X' based on certain conditions. If X is less than zero, it sets to Zero; otherwise
32440: This Python script converts an IP address into binary representation using the split() and int(), then formats each part of that string to 3 digits
32441: This function checks the "category ids", compares them with each other and pushes all matching elements from 'Model' to another list, then
32442: This function calculates the average of two numbers and returns both values as tuples in Python 3 syntax"  	|}];; end
32443: This Python script checks the file extension of an inputted image and returns true if it's one among .PNG, ‘JPG’
32444: This Python function splits the given filepath into two parts, if it's empty or has only one element then returns an absolute root and filename
32445: This Python script calculates the average of each students's test scores and stores them into an array, then returns that list with their respective averag
32446: This Python function takes two lists as input, compares the first list with another one by length difference up to n elements from both of them using an
32447: This function checks if the input filename variable, 'file_naem', has been set to either null/undefined. If it hasn't then
32448: If the input is less than or equal to UInt16 limit, return its value. Else it returns 'too long' in case of
32449: If the URL ends with '/', remove it. Otherwise, leave as is – one line Python function that does just what's asked in its
32450: This Python script returns the flattened list by using nested loops. It iterates over each 'sub' or inner lists, and then through every
32451: This Python function calculates the range of elements to be processed by each process. It takes as input 'N' and number processes ('numProc
32452: This Python script creates an exact copy of the given 'dict' object and sorts all its values within each individual item/entry as well by using built
32453: This line of Python script checks the first character in `staitonId`. If it is either an "-" sign, then return that as
32454: Checks whether two lists are equal. If they're not, it returns false; otherwise true depending on the comparison result of each element from both
32455: This is an implementation of the binary representation. It starts with “mask” as zero, then repeatedly doubles it and adds one until there are
32456: This line of the given JavaScript function returns an object that combines two objects '{...}' into one. The combined properties from both are taken and returned
32457: This function checks whether the given number 'is' power of two. If it isn’t, then returns false; otherwise true or else return recurs
32458: Returns the string 'message' followed by ': Failed:' in one line.  If no argument is passed, it returns an error stating that there was
32459: If the two numbers are equal, returns their value. Otherwise it will be zeroed out by default in case of any other condition met during execution or
32460: This line of the function subtracts 'a' from another number, returning that result.  It is used to calculate differences between two numbers in
32461: Implement a function that takes an array of integers and returns the summation result>" (END SUMMARY HERE)"   } else
32462: If the input n isn't of type 'int', raise and value error with message "n has to by Integer".  This will help in
32463: This Python script checks the type of files based on their extension and assigns it to 'CSV' or ‘TEXT’ depending upon whether they
32464: If the input string "None" or an empty space, return it as such; otherwise strip leading and trailing spaces of each word within that line
32465: This function checks if the input string contains only ASCII characters. It does so by iterating over each character of 'value', checking whether it is
32466: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The result is returned as output, which can be used in other parts or calculations where needed later
32467: Creates an array of four elements, each containing the least significant eight bits from 'val'. The order is big endian. This function returns that
32468: This line of the given Python script pads an integer with leading zeros to six digits. The number is represented as 'str' type, and
32469: This function calculates two parameters of an ellipse given its semi major and minor axes in radians as input arguments; it returns these values
32470: This Python script is trying to extract the "user id" from each response object and append it into an array 'Res'. If any exception occurs during
32471: This Python function takes as input an array of lists and returns its "Transposed" version. The Transposition operation is done by swapping elements at
32472: This function calculates the power of two that is greater than or equal to value using math library's log and ceil functions in Python language with
32473: This line of Python script calculates the angle in degrees that corresponds to an arc length on Earth's surface given its radius, which is equivalent with
32474: This Python function returns the number of batches required to process 'n' elements, taking into account if there are any remaining unprocessed samples.
32475: This Python function calculates the total time spent on tasks by multiplying 'duration' with ‘(1+ytm/freq)' which
32476: A dictionary of different types and their associated values. The keys are the type names, while each value is an array containing all possible product densities that can
32477: This function normalizes the input value to be between [0.634789;   ] by subtracting minimum and dividing it
32478: If the URL is empty, return root. Else check last character of string and append '/' only when it isn’t there already to avoid
32479: This Python script creates two lists of names, converts them to lowercase and then finds the common ones between both list using set operations which are faster
32480: This Python function takes an input string and splits it into two parts using the space character as separator; then converts both of these to integers
32481: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer where rw is bitwise ANDed with zero xor'd by one, and then
32482: This function checks whether an object is of type 'item' with key named as the value stored at index 0. If it exists, then check
32483: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into an integer or floating point value. If it fails, then raises and handles exception by raising another custom
32484: Code block starts with keywords like 'FOR', 'IF' etc. Replaces common prefixes to make it more readable; also handles 'AND
32485: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32486: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32487: This line of the function calculates and returns squared difference between two consecutive values. The result is used to calculate some statistics in our data analysis process
32488: If the first element of 'new' is greater than or equal to that in "Old", then update it. Otherwise, return New; otherwise do
32489: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It checks three conditions and returns different results based on the first condition's result, which then determines
32490: If 'a' is greater than ‘b’ then swap the values of both variables. This operation does not return any value but changes their state
32491: This function implements the "clamped" version of linear interpolation. It raises an exception when 'from' is greater thatn ‘to’
32492: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32493: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at zero and then clampping to one if it exceeds ten or less than -ten respectively based on
32494: If the first two elements of both input vectors are equal, then return true. Otherwise check whether either one element is ‘h’ in which case
32495: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and return only directory name from file location using 'os' module in python which returns current working
32496: This Python function calculates the valency of an Atomic Orbital by considering its type, number in orbitals grouping or whether it is
32497: Creates an empty dictionary and adds the value of 'Organisation' from external TLS configuration to it. If there is no such key in config
32498: This function checks if the two intervals do NOT overlap. It returns True only when both min and max values of one interval are less than those in another
32499: This Python function returns the result of adding one to another number. The value 'big_number' is not defined in your provided context, so it
32500: Code returns the string 'This' in Python. (Note that it is not actually doing anything, but providing context.)  ```python This
32501: This function returns the directory path of France. It's used to get data from specific countries in Europe, but it doesn’t do anything with
32502: This function returns the string 'device_profile_{}'. The input is dp group id. It concatenates it with another part of its output
32503: This function returns the string representation of 'kappa' based on its value, with some conditions to return different strings depending upon it being less than or greater
32504: If there are no inputted 'genes' or only one gene, it returns the second element of each tuple; otherwise return tuples that contain
32505: If either of the attributes are missing, return an error value; otherwise compare results from two different sets to determine which one has more recent data or whether
32506: This line of the Python script returns an attachment filename. The string is enclosed in double quotes and contains 'file_name'.  It's
32507: This line of the Python script converts an input List to its unique elements. It uses 'set' function which removes duplicates from given sequence and
32508: This Python function calculates the rate of change and derivative in terms 1st order. The input is x with respect to which we calculate its first
32509: This Python function finds all the prime numbers up to 'N' by using an efficient algorithm that only checks divisibility with primes, starting from
32510: This line of Python function converts the temperature from Kelvin to Celsius by subtracting 273 and then rounds it off using
32511: This Python function generates an identity or diagonal filled ‘n x n’ square/rectangular array using the default value provided as parameter 'dv
32512: This function filters out the data based on whether it's riskier than 10% of its average. It also excludes bans from
32513: This function returns the dictionary with keys 'Manifacture Name' and ‘Model name’. The values are passed as parameters to these functions from
32514: Checks if the number is prime and greater than or equal to two. It also checks whether it's divisible by any integer from 'i
32515: This function returns the string '**' repeated n times. The number of repetitions is determined by attr parameter in format method and it will be used
32516: This Python function opens and loads the JSON data from an external .JSON source, then returns that information if it exists; otherwise return error messages indicating not
32517: This is an example of how to use the image tag in Flask. It's used as part 10/34678
32518: Checks if two dataframes are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet provided in the question
32519: This is an arithmetic operation that calculates the area of two circles with radii R1 and R2, where D represents distance between them.
32520: A dictionary with restricted values. 	Type of data structure used in the program is Dictionary, and it has three keys - record , files & owned
32521: If the number is negative, it returns False. Otherwise -> True – The function checks whether or not an inputted integer 'n' can
32522: This function returns the base name of path, which is just file_name in case if there's no extension and without any directory information at all
32523: If the two lists are not equal or one of them contains "I", then it returns false. Otherwise -> true if they have same elements with
32524: This line of the given Python function returns an RGB value in hexadecimal format. The values are calculated by taking modulo with respect to maximum
32525: If the key 'result' is present, return its value. Otherwise it will default to returning all keys of dictionary `content` as list and sort
32526: This Python function generates the first 'n' numbers in FIBONACCI sequence using recursion and iteration methods respectively but it uses only one list
32527: This function checks if the four corners of two given rectangulars overlap. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by comparing their sides
32528: Checks if the 'data' variable contains any nonzero values or entries, returning True only when it does so; otherwise returns False indicating that there
32529: This line of Python script creates symbolic links. The first argument is the source file path and second one will be destination directory/file name to which it
32530: Provides weather information about the city provided as input, if it's not found or there was an error with fetching data from Open Weater
32531: Copies the input YAML file and if it contains 'machines' key, deletes that from copied dictionary – returns modified version
32532: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
32533: This function takes in an angle expressed as decimal degrees and converts it into hours.minutes seconds format using the modulo operator to get remainder of
32534: This script splits the input string into lines, checks if each one starts with "Signed-off-by", and returns true or false accordingly
32535: This Python function creates an ordered list of the distinct elements from 'unique' and their corresponding count. The result is then returned as two separate lists -
32536: This function takes an input number f and returns the rounded value of that same. The result is returned as float type in Python language using builtin '
32537: This Python script checks whether the variable 'first' is True or False, and then uses an inline string formatting method in order return different strings based
32538: This function normalizes the features by subtracting their means and dividing them with standard deviation. The result is then scaled to fall within 0 -
32539: This function returns two tuples, the first one is "Session" and its value being passed as an argument. The second tuple's key
32540: This Python function calculates the 'method' parameter and returns an ordered pair of values. The first value is determined by whether or not it matches one
32541: This Python function divides an integer into three parts. The first part is the quotient of division by 'square' and takes only whole numbers;
32542: This function takes the first two letters of an input string and returns them in uppercase followed by '-' then all other parts. If it is less
32543: This function checks if the input string is not empty, then verifies that it contains only digits using Python's builtin `all` method
32544: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' in equation 6. It takes three parameters - initial voltage values and returns one output parameter which
32545: This Python script converts all the strings to uppercase using list comprehension and returns them as an output of function call, which is then printed out
32546: This function calculates the output of an exponential law with slope 'amp' and x as input. The result is then returned by another variable named "
32547: This Python script splits the input string on commas and converts each part to an integer before returning them as tuple with their corresponding names in order
32548: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input array 'A', appending each element to our new output ('B'). The
32549: This Python function calculates the output size of an operation in convolutional neural networks. It takes into account various parameters such as kernel, padding and whether
32550: This Python function returns the result of an expression where 'A', ‘B’, and "C" are constants. The equation is as follows
32551: This Python function checks the value of 'GM' and modifies it accordingly in case its greater than zero; otherwise nothing is done with gamma distribution parameters
32552: Check the type of 'input' and raise an error message in case it isn’t integer or floating point number; check whether its positive/negative
32553: This line of the function checks if counter is divisible by four. It returns True or False based on whether it's true that 'Counter mod
32554: This line of the Python function calculates an alignment value based on some parameters. The 'offset' is added to make sure that it falls within certain
32555: This Python script is used to slice the third dimension of each 3D numpy array. The resultant arrays are stored back into 'h'.
32556: Return an object with status as 'Error' and the provided message. (END OF SUMMARY.)   [Solution] Code is returning
32557: If the third element of tuple is greater than or equal to zero, return it. Else calculate and returns its value in terms as per given conditions
32558: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'num', and it returns result as per given formula, ie., three times
32559: This line of the Python script is stripping leading and trailing whitespace from each string in 'mod' list, then splitting it into two parts
32560: This function takes an integer representing the number of seconds and returns that value converted to milliseconds. It'll be used in other parts or functions
32561: This Python function implements the CRC calculation algorithm. The input is two bytes, and it calculates their XOR value with an initial zeroed out
32562: This Python script checks the path in an object, and returns different values based on whether it's empty ("")或"/". If so," then
32563: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same output as it does not contain any duplicates, but with one line of pythonic syntax using
32564: This function converts RGB values to LUX using the formula given in Lab Colorimetry standard by Wyszeksi and Niderberg,
32565: This function checks if the input character is either an uppercase vowel.  It does so by checking whether any of these characters are present within our
32566: If the 'total' variable is not zero, it returns correct answers divided by all attempts. Else ,it will be returned as Zero .
32567: This Python function checks whether the given URL starts with 'https' or any of its variants, and then removes all leading slashes from it until only
32568: This function checks whether the current mode is 'jobs'. If it's true, then return `True`. Otherwise returns false or an error
32569: This Python script finds the maximum threshold from 'candidates' dictionary and returns its corresponding Key/Value pair as string formatting of "Key :
32570: This Python function splits the input string on ':' and inserts an additional argument into its second position using .Insert() method in one line of
32571: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32572: This Python function calculates the sum of two values, "prev" and current". The result is returned as an output with its name in parenthes
32573: If the part of speech tagging model has not been trained, it will return an empty string. Otherwise，it returns with its own parts and position
32574: This Python function takes as input the values of some dictionary and returns all unique keys from these dictionaries, which are then returned by an empty list '
32575: Copies values from one dictionary to another while handling missing keys by assigning them the corresponding default_value if they exist otherwise copying it directly as is
32576: This Python script calculates the sum of an array, takes its logarithmic value and removes zeros from it then computes another term in relation to
32577: This line of the given Python script returns an input string stripped from leading and trailing whitespace characters using built in function 'sInput'.
32578: This function converts the input color value to Linear RGB if it's less than or equal zero, else convert in sRGB space using
32579: This Python function takes an input 'number of samples' as either integer or two elements in the form [a , b] where both are positive integers
32580: This function returns an empty list when the input number is less than 2 and otherwise it generates prime factors of that given integer by counting their occurre
32581: This Python script reads from the specified filename and modifies each of its content by replacing all occurrences “github” with just `g`
32582: This Python script sorts the file extensions of an array, converting them to integers and then sorting again as strings but with descending order instead by extension
32583: This function checks the conditions to return 'return' value based on certain parameters. If these specific combinations are met it returns "True", otherwise false is
32584: This Python function calculates the average of all elements with nonzero counts. If no such element exists, it returns Naan instead to avoid division by
32585: This Python function checks whether the given object 'is' an instance of class "str" or its type. If it isn’t then raises and
32586: This function returns the "first" element of an array split by '.'. It keeps empty elements in place and does not include them when splitting,
32587: This line of Python script returns the ceiling value, which is equivalent to rounding up an integer number 'math' towards positive infinity in case if it
32588: This Python script checks whether the input file_number variable has been assigned and it also verifies that its value falls within certain conditions. If these two
32589: This function returns the product of two numbers. The first number is multiplied by second and then resultant value will be returned as output from that multiplication
32590: This Python script converts binary strings to their complementary or inverse. It does so by iterating over each bit of the input string, and if
32591: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and calculates the frequency of each word. It then normalizes these frequencies by dividing them with total number or
32592: This Python function repeatedly subtracts the smaller number from larger one until it becomes zero. It then returns what is left in first variable which was initially
32593: This function replaces all occurrences of " and \ in the given string with their HTML entities equivalent & quot;&amp;" or \" respectively using
32594: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - two sides and one angle, then calcul
32595: This Python function removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given string, effectively stripping it of any unnecessary white space at either end that might be
32596: This function calculates the equivalent evaporatory heat content of water given its initial temperature and pressure, which is 1/36th or approximately
32597: This line of the given C++ function returns four values that are extracted from an unsigned integer. The first value is obtained by shifting right eight bits and
32598: This function raises an error if the input is not of type 'str' and converts it to lowercase, then checks whether that resultant value
32599: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an intermediate result, which is then used to calculate another value. The calculation involves subtracting '
32600: This line of the Python function returns an inverse tangent, or sometimes called as hyperbolic tan in mathematics which is used to calculate one number divided by
32601: If the 'repository' key exists within dictionary, return true. Else check whether there are any workflow files present or not; else false –
32602: Checks if the incoming request contains an id and method key; otherwise it returns false with error messages about missing keys – Code snippet to
32603: This Python function returns all the elements of 'rows' that have more than one unique value. It uses list comprehension and set data structure to achieve
32604: This function is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence, but it skips every second number. It's like adding up all numbers
32605: This Python function generates the string representation of an input 3x4 matrix. Each row is separated by newlines and each element within rows are joined
32606: This Python function checks if the input 'dict' has key named as DB. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False – one line
32607: This Python function takes as input the length of an array, and returns another one. The first element in each subarray is set to be equal with
32608: If both strings are not empty then concatenates them with the separator. Else it returns either of two string which is greater than other one
32609: Updates the dictionary 'a' with values from another dictonary b and returns it as result of operation, ie., merges two d
32610: This Python function breaks up the input list into smaller lists of equal length specified by 'siz'e parameter and returns them as an output in form
32611: This Python script calculates the square root of num and then checks whether it is within an array 'p' to see which numbers are less than or
32612: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'prison' object within each dictionary entry of "data", appending its name to
32613: A dictionary that maps letters to their corresponding values in the alphabet. The keys are uppercase English letter and value is an integer from [4 -
32614: This Python function creates an area of interest object with the specified coordinates and size in degrees using GeoJSON formatting which is then returned as output from your
32615: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict and populates it with the data from 'value' list of dictionaries. The keys are set to
32616: This line of the Python script is returning 'rbd_featuress' as output. It seems to be doing some kind or operation with
32617: This Python function splits the string 's' into parts based on an exclamation mark, and then returns one of three results depending upon how
32618: A recursive function that calculates the factorial of an input number.  The base case is when n = 0, in which it returns "
32619: This function takes two parameters, team name and master repo. It returns the combination of these as string in format ${TeamName}-MasterRepo
32620: This function takes three image paths and their corresponding measurements as input. It returns two lists - one with the images' path names in order of center first
32621: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer representation. It uses right shift operator to divide by two until it's zero, then subt
32622: Check if two strings are anagrams. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print False and stop execution of program/
32623: If the string is empty, return it as such. Else append an "." to make sure there's always one at end of sentence in
32624: This Python function checks the type of input 'X' and returns different strings based on its types. If X has an integer value it simply formats as
32625: This function takes an argument and returns the same value. It's just doing something simple with it, but not much else to do here as we
32626: "Creates an array of strings representing the operations in order" – CodeMagic's documentation.com/codemagick#oper
32627: This Python script splits the input 'time' into individual characters, then it replaces all '-', ':','.' with '.'; and finally joins
32628: This Python function takes an input 's' and returns the cleaned version of it. The characters from ‘char’ that are present within our defined
32629: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'str' type object exists in variable "is". If it does exist then removes leading and trailing
32630: If the input 'is instance of' TUPLE then convert it to list. Else return as given without conversion or error handling – based
32631: This function returns the maximum of two numbers if they are not equal, otherwise it will return minimum.  It is used to find out which number in
32632: Returns True if the value of "platform" key in dictionary 'v' is present, else False. Also checks whether it starts with string DGS
32633: This Python function checks whether the input 'document' ('dict', required by many libraries like PyMongo and Pandas to work with data structures
32634: This Python function returns the string <-- [Metadata] : {}:{}.  It is used to format and print out data in specific formats.
32635: This Python script calculates the pathways and parameters of an atomistic model using SemiClassic method. It returns four lists - calculated paths through
32636: This function takes as input the data of type 'quantity' and returns either last or first value based on whether it is precursor, precedent
32637: This line of the Python function checks if input string v is one among several specified values. It converts to all case insensitive and returns True or
32638: This Python script checks whether the option '--term' is set in command line arguments. If it exists, then sets an appropriate value to `analy
32639: This program converts the time in hours and minutes to total number of second. It uses string parsing function from Julia's Base package which is
32640: A Python function that converts the given string into an URL format by replacing certain characters with their corresponding ones from another dictionary, and adding them to our
32641: This function checks if there is any overlap between two given entity objects. If yes then it returns true else false or None depending on the condition specified by
32642: If the input is an IP address, it returns that. Otherwise if not then appends 'https' to make sure we are dealing with HTT
32643: This Python script converts the time in seconds to minutes. It first casts it into an integer, then multiplies by sixteen and finally div
32644: This Python script iterates over each row and column of the given 3x4 Matrix, checking if any nonzero value is found. If such
32645: This Python function is used to get the first record from "By Party" list where 'Party ID' matches with provided input. If there are
32646: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average value based on three parameters, which are all multiplied together. The result is then
32647: This function replaces the special characters < and > with their HTML entities. It is used to prevent XSS attacks by escaping these symbols in our
32648: This function takes an input of type Int and returns the remainder when signal is divided by sixteen. It's used to generate random numbers in certain
32649: This Python function attempts to convert the input 'object' into datetime format, if it is not possible then do nothing and return original value of object i
32650: Returns the URL of Wikipedia API in specified language formatting as string, e..g "http[s]?:\/\/(en\.\ww
32651: If the 'Count' parameter isn’t provided or it equals to zero then return "On Device". Otherwise check whether Count value greater than Zero
32652: If the URL does NOT end with '/', append it to formulate an API endpoint url in Python using '+=' operator and concatenation,
32653: If the number is ‘x’, return an empty string. Else check whether 'x' equals or exceeds ten thousand; in that case
32654: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and assigns each of its keys to the value 'None'. It then returns that newly created, filled dictionaries
32655: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'amod' object based on its parameters using list comprehension, then
32656: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with the first model of each entry from 'car\_database' dictionary using nested looping
32657: Return value of "-1" when the pointer is null, otherwise returns difference between two pointers. The function takes in one parameter which should be
32658: If the input is an empty string, return nothing; otherwise generate and returns URL with given object in it as per MetaCyc's
32659: This function returns the selected modality of an image. The possible modes are none, signature or perfect and it will return one if not found within our
32660: Code handles different types of input and produces an array with the appropriate size. It also raises error when wrong data format or incorrect number dimensions are provided by
32661: This Python script splits the string 'dsName' on ':', then filters out any lines that do not contain ‘run’, and finally
32662: This function checks if an element is present within the sequence. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there was
32663: This function checks whether the input string `is` starts with "a" and then replaces all dashes in it to underscores using Python
32664: This line of the Python function calculates and returns square difference between two points. The result is calculated by subtracting point '(x, y)'
32665: This script filters the input 'beatList' to only include values greater than 3 and less or equal with value of two in Python language using l
32666: This line of the script creates an array from input text, where each element is converted to integer and split by comma "," – List comprehension
32667: Create an empty list and append to it using the `vcat` function in Julia. The result is then displayed on HTML page with conditional comments based
32668: If the character 'ch' does not contain an underscores, return it as such; otherwise find and remove leading '_'.  This function will
32669: This function returns the error raised as string. The format is 'Error #X': followed by any custom messages provided in parameter `message` –
32670: This Python script filters out all the .C files from 'files' list and sorts them alphabetically before returning it as output – one line
32671: A recursive function to calculate the Factorial of an Integer. If input is greater than one, it multiplies that number with its predecessor'
32672: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to variable 'v_y' value obtained from subtracting element at index 0 in
32673: This Python script filters out the risks with count ‘zero’ and joins their "Count Type" into one string. The result is then returned as
32674: This function converts the input string to lowercase using Python's built in method .lowercase(). 10/3 is an example
32675: If the size of table is less than or equal to 4GB, return 'uint_least8' else it returns an error message. El
32676: This script is designed to filter out certain files and directories from the current directory, based on their names or locations within it using Python's builtin
32677: This function looks up the first occurrence of an item with id equal to "_id" from "statistics". If it doesn't exist then return
32678: This function calculates the number of ways to choose k items from an unordered set with 'r' elements. If there are no common members in
32679: This Python function checks whether the input 'CA Strengths' variable can be cast as an integer or floating point number. If it could then join
32680: This function checks whether an input string is present in the dictionary or not, and returns true/false accordingly based on its case insensitive comparison with another
32681: This function generates Pascal's triangle up to the given number 'n'. It returns an empty list when input is less than 0 and it
32682: If the input string `tsr` isn't provided or it’s not of type 'string', return an empty String; otherwise try to
32683: This Python function converts temperature from Kelvin to Celsius or Fahrenheit based on the input value of 'w'. If
32684: This line of the given Python script performs an AND operation on two integers, and then checks if that result is not zero. The final output will be
32685: This function checks whether the value of 'remote' is equal to that in your current machine. If it matches, return true; otherwise false or an
32686: This Python function calculates the percentage of equal characters between two strings. It first finds out how many same character positions are there, then divides it
32687: This function calculates the output of an ODE system. The input is time 'dt' and state variable vector `x`, which are multi
32688: This function is used to convert the index of an array into string format with dimensions specified by its elements' indexes and their corresponding dimension names from another base
32689: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32690: This Python script splits the inputted '}' delimited strings and returns last element of resulting list, which is usually an empty bracket in
32691: This line of the given Python function returns an array with elements from 0 to n, where i is incremented by one. The list starts at
32692: This function checks if the given sides can form an actual triangle. It does so by checking whether any two of its input values sum to be greater than
32693: This function takes an input string and returns the same text, but with all characters converted to lowercase using Python's builtin join method on list
32694: This script initializes empty lists and then populates them with the first element of each list if it is nonempty; otherwise they are left as their
32695: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture. It generates numbers following collatz sequence until they reach one and then pushes them into array "
32696: This function subtracts 'c' from the sum of two numbers, which is returned.  The operation was performed in one line using Python syntax
32697: This Python function takes an input list and separates the elements with specified delimiter into separate lists or strings depending on whether they are integers/flo
32698: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32699: This Python script creates an array of boolean values, where each value is set to true. The length and content are determined by the input size 'n
32700: Code is about archiving data from the given URLs using R programming language and saving it to local disk in different formats like CSV or Excel files
32701: Checks if there is at least one pending task.  If so, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on the status of tasks and their
32702: Code description here... – Description of the function or method that was written with these parameters as arguments.. The purpose/behavior should be clear from
32703: Returns the first part of class name in UpperCase.  e..g cls = "MyClass" returns MC or if cals='
32704: This function returns the path to an index file in one line using Python's builtin functions and syntaxes like `join`,  `split()
32705: If 'None' value of variable ```"n""`, return zero. Else calculate the percentage by multiplying it with ten and div
32706: This program calculates the number of squares in an integer range. It uses iteration to find out how many perfect square numbers are less than or equal '
32707: This function calculates the number of digits in val's logarithm base 10, rounded up to nearest whole integer using ceil()
32708: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32709: This Python function takes as input an iterable of tuples and returns three lists - one with the second elements from each tuple ('extracts
32710: This function is used to skip the minutes of an event by checking if it starts with "skipsminutes". If so, returns how many additional
32711: This function returns the sharded filename format. It takes three parameters and formats them into one line string with '.' as separator between each part of
32712: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, but instead of subtracting one number from another to get their absolute value and then adding that result back
32713: This Python function takes two lists as inputs, and returns the first list's elements that exist within both of them; if not found it append
32714: This Python script calculates the sum of 3 bits at each index from an array. The result is stored as 'output' variable which has been
32715: This Python function takes in an input list of links, and if the length is more than 256 characters it truncates or shortens them
32716: This function checks if the length of string s is equal to its unique character count.  It does so by converting all characters in 's' into
32717: This function checks if the string is not empty. If it's an actual, nonempty one then returns that value otherwise None or False depending on
32718: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an offset value that is used to slice sequences. The calculation involves subtracting one third from sequence
32719: This Python script returns the database name, user's username and query signature from each record in an SQLite table.  It also calculates hash
32720: Creates an empty dictionary, checks if the key 'Metrics' exists. If it does then assigns its value to Metrics name of dict and
32721: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on an underscore character and returns one part if it is less than 3 characters long
32722: 返回一个包含状态为True和消息"登录验证通过。".的字典.   Code explanation and implementation details are provided
32723: This function checks whether the name of an element in Elmerfudd's language, 'elm', exists or not and returns either true(
32724: This Python script splits the URI into its components and returns only one of them as 'Scheme' or just removes everything after ':'.  The
32725: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32726: This Python function takes an input list of floated numbers and multiplies each number by the given 'multiplier' before rounding off to nearest integer
32727: This function takes in an SQL query and replaces certain special characters with their appropriate escape sequences. It is used to prevent issues related specifically the handling of
32728: This Python script splits the input string 'tag line' into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries, with keys being values from second
32729: This line of the given Python script finds and returns only part after last slash in URL.  It is used to get file name from full path
32730: Checks if the source string has ':' and either uses an IF or ELSE statement. 1/0 otherwise; True -> If true
32731: This Python function takes an input string and integer rotation as parameters, then it shifts the alphabets of each character by given number. It returns
32732: This Python function creates an empty grid, then iterates over the elements of 'input' to create another one with some rules applied on them based off
32733: This Python function calculates the sum of cubes from 4 to 'n'. The cube operation is performed on each number within that given interval
32734: This python function calculates the similarity between two lists of scores. It compares each pair and increments 'same' count if they are equal,
32735: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32736: This function returns the name of an object in string format. The input parameters are fabric and type which should be passed to it as arguments respectively but not
32737: If the length of 'Row' is less than maximum columns, it returns Row with spaces added to reach max colums. Else return original rows
32738: This line of Python script is filtering out the cells that have an 'groupId' value. It does so by checking each cell object within list `l
32739: This script generates three files with names that include the fold number. The first file is 'traindata' and it contains data from train set,
32740: This Python function adds the values in two columns named "long term" and “shorter”. The result is returned as one value,
32741: This program creates two dictionaries and fills them with values. The first dictionary is filled by iterating over the numbers from zero to one inclusively
32742: This Python function calculates the mean squared error of an array. It takes as input one dimension numpy arrays and returns its average square difference from
32743: This line of the given Python script splits fully qualified name into its component parts. The first part is just an empty string as it's not
32744: If the variable 'selected' on map does nothing, it will return "Name". Otherwise; It splits and takes out part after colon from point
32745: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into three parts using '/' as separator and then returns third part which is 'form
32746: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer. The class is shifted left by 5 bits and then OR'd with 'detail'.
32747: This script checks the existence of certain attributes within an instance, and then goes up to its parent until it either finds these or reaches no more parents at
32748: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of mean value, where non zero values are multiplied together and then taken to power one divided by their
32749: This function checks if the input matrix is 3x3. It returns True only when it's exactly two rows by one column, which means
32750: This Python function splits the string 's' into two integers using '-'. The first integer is extracted from left to right and converted as an Integer
32751: This Python function converts underscores (_), which are commonly used as spaces, into regular space characters. It iterates over the input string and
32752: Generates HTML span element with the given text and CSS classes.  The output is an inline string in Python, which can be used directly within your
32753: This Python function checks the value of 'X' and returns either "+" or "-", depending on its sign. If it is zero, then
32754: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'i' to "end" inclusively. If it is less than or equal with index
32755: This function takes an input string, splits it into lines using '\n', then each line split by comma and convert the result to floats before
32756: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the input 'a' list of dictionaries based on their corresponding key using another
32757: This Python function returns the result of dividing or multiplying an input number by two, depending on whether it's evenly divided. If not
32758: This Python function checks whether the source dictionary is empty, and returns an emtpy one otherwise it sorts keys of given dict by alphabetical order
32759: This function checks the file extension of an input string and returns either “fix” or nothing depending on whether it is empty, indicating that no fix
32760: This line of the script copies an existing dictionary and then adds or modifies some values in it, returning modified copy with new value added/modified
32761: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'text' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
32762: If the current value is equal to its average before it was calculated then we return with count=previousCount+1. Else calculate values as per
32763: This Python function returns the grade based on an input score. If it's above 1, return 'Excellence'. Else check other
32764: This script is designed to handle the creation of spans within an HTML document. It checks whether these elements exist, and creates them with default values as
32765: This function returns the appropriate class name based on given integer. If it's less than 0, then 'noClass'. Otherwise if its between
32766: If the input string 'QSTR' does not exist, return none; otherwise replace '%0D', '\r\t and other special characters with
32767: Checks if the least significant two bits of number are all set. If so, returns True; otherwise False."""(a^b==~
32768: This Python script converts DNA sequences to RNA. It creates an empty string of the same length as input sequence and then iterates over each character
32769: Count the number of times that two adjacent characters are equal.  This is done by iterating over each character and comparing it to its previous one using
32770: Returns the concatenation of "Layer" and command.  For example if you call it with '1' as an argument then returns '_0_
32771: This Python function converts strings into booleans. It uses the 'in'-operator and checks whether each possible value of an input is present as
32772: This function calculates the area of intersection between two boxes. The coordinates are given in 8D space and we only consider xy plane to calculate
32773: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32774: This function adjusts the learning rate based on an input parameter 'epoch'. The initial value of Learning Rate is ‘init_rate’,
32775: This Python function takes as input the indexed list of sentences and returns an equivalent one with each element being replaced by its corresponding English translation.  It
32776: If the variable 'mult' is zero, it returns value of Zero. Otherwise - continues to next line with an else statement and returning some other
32777: This function returns either zero or one depending on the value of 'x' and its position in relation to an "edge" point, which is not
32778: This Python script generates n length string with lower case, upper cases and digts mixed together randomly using the builtin 'random' module of python language
32779: This Python function converts feet to the number of total inequal length. It takes one parameter, 'len_ft', which is expected as an
32780: This Python function checks whether the inputted 'str' object has any elements or not; If it does have an element then convert each of them into
32781: This function returns the length of longest string from list 'X'. If there are multiple strings with same maximum lengths, it will return one.  The
32782: This Python function finds the first occurrence of '.' in an input string and converts it to integer, if no '.': returns length else increments
32783: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32784: This line of Python script returns True if either the string 'show' or ‘hidden’ is present, otherwise it will output False. It uses
32785: This line of the given Python script is splitting URLs into their components based on "/" and then returning second component from split list."  The function
32786: This Python function checks whether the input is either an object that can be called or just returns its value. If it's neither of these two cases
32787: This function takes an input message and returns it as is, with the newline character appended.  It was created to demonstrate how Python string format
32788: This Python script converts the given list of DNA sequences into their corresponding numeric values using dictionary mapping and then returns them as output array/list with
32789: This function checks the bounding box coordinates and corrects them to be within valid latitude/longitudes range (-86, 74).
32790: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
32791: This function returns the smallest of two values. If one or both are equal to 'None', it will default back on returning either number if they'
32792: This Python function reverses the string 'S'. It does so by iterating over each character of input String from last to first and appending it
32793: This script is used to unpack nested lists from the 'variable' list and store them into another variable named "NewVars". It also prints out
32794: This function calculates the maximum of two values. The first value is calculated as twice Gamma one times itself minus once plus ten power negative tenth
32795: This script checks the file extension of an RPM package, then looks at its name to determine whether it's based on either CentOS 4
32796: This function converts the input x to an integer. If it's not possible, then returns None or raises exception if there is one; otherwise
32797: This Python function takes two lists of pressurized objects and returns the union between them. The result is all unique values from both sets, which are
32798: Reduces the input list by applying an operation to each element in parallel. The result is returned as output of reduce function and can be used further
32799: This Python function reverses the string. It iterates over each character of input 's' and prepend it to an empty resultant ('')
32800: This function returns the URL of an HTTP request. It takes two parameters, 'host' and ‘path’ which are used to formulate part
32801: This Python script is used to extract the second and subsequent elements of each list within 'Contur' object from an image processing task using OpenCV library
32802: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32803: ```python  # Code goes here. This is where you write your Python script or function to solve the problem at hand, using whatever language and
32804: This Python function splits the input string into individual "words", then capitalizes and lowercases each of these letters, leaving all other characters unchanged except
32805: This Python function calculates the amount of horizontal and vertical space needed to fit an object within its container. The result is returned as four values representing top
32806: This Python function takes an input list and returns the result of adding 'offset' to each element.  It uses List Comprehension, which
32807: This function checks if every element of the first list is present as an item within another given set. If yes, it returns True; otherwise False or
32808: This function returns either +/-/+ depending on the value of 'x' in Python. If it is positive, then "plus", otherwise "-
32809: This line of the script splits an inputted data into two parts at ":" and removes any trailing newline characters from each part using strip
32810: This function looks at the string from right to left, finds out if it contains ' namespace' in its last 9 characters or not using Python built
32811: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent parts using '.' as separator and then selects only one part from each resulting list
32812: If the key `detial` exists within an object, check whether it contains another dictionary with keys named predicate. Return its value as string formatting
32813: This function returns an empty string or newline character depending on the end of file condition.  It's used to handle situations where we might not
32814: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings, counts their length and returns it if they are less than or equal to 12
32815: This line of the Python function returns all underscores replaced with spaces in each word, effectively splitting them up into separate strings by their own space character
32816: This Python function calculates the value of an investment's yield to maturity. The formula is based on Black Scholes model, but with some
32817: This line of the Python script converts each character from 'pattern' into an integer. The function returns these integers as list, which is then used
32818: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'list of tuples' and appends each third element from every tuple
32819: This function checks if the given P value is less than 9% and returns an appropriate string based on that condition, else it will return 'N
32820: This is an implementation of the "Fibonacci" sequence using bitwise operations. The main idea behind it was to use arithmetic and
32821: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32822: This function returns the value of x rounded to precision decimal places.  It uses Python's built in 'round()'.   The number is first
32823: This function takes in an input string s and returns the same output as if it was converted to all capital letters. However instead of using map() or
32824: This function takes in two parameters, prerequisites and requirements. It returns the joined string of all elements separated by tabs ("\\r").
32825: This Python function calculates the ratio of variance to square rooted by 1 divided from an inputted list. It's used in various data
32826: This function returns the 'name' from an input dictionary. If no such key exists, it raises KeyError exception with message "Name not found".
32827: A dictionary that stores the results of expensive function calls. It's used to avoid redundant computation by storing previously computed values and reusing them when
32828: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
32829: This Python function performs an operation on the input image, adds one to it and then divides by two. The result is scaled down between zero(
32830: This Python function returns either `return` value of the first statement that is true. If none are, it will return 'None'. The three conditions
32831: This function changes the value of 'choic' to either its opposite or itself, depending on what it currently is. It uses an elif statement instead
32832: If the platform number is greater than or equal to  million, return it as string. Else prepend '$' and fill with zeros
32833: This function checks if the given option is within specified range. If it's in, then returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet
32834: This Python function attempts to convert the input argument into an integer. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception or returning None; if successful returns
32835: This Python function takes an URL as input, splits it into path components and then joins them back together to form the base of its parent directory structure
32836: This Python script calculates the sum of absolute values rounded to two decimal places. It takes an input list, which is assumed as population data and returns
32837: This line of Python script converts the string 'seq' to uppercase and counts how many times character E or D appears in it, then returns
32838: This function calculates the ratio of loans to home values.  It's used in determining how much each property needs an investment or refinancing cost
32839: This Python function checks whether the input string is either empty or starts with an opening bracket "[" followed by closing one. If so, it returns
32840: This function calculates the cumulative total of all numbers from zero to 'input' number. It uses recursion, so it calls itself with decreasing
32841: This Python script removes certain keys from the dictionary 'user' based on their presence and type within it, using conditional statements to check each key/value
32842: Raises an error when the value contains unallowable characters.  If not present it simply returns both keys and values as is without any further processing
32843: Code is an implementation of a dynamic programming algorithm to solve the 0/w subset sum problem. The function takes as input two lists 'nums
32844: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32845: This Python script creates an empty list, then repeatedly adds the largest possible number to it until there are three elements in that array or more than half of
32846: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "PE[0,..4]" in an inputted text and returns its corresponding value if it
32847: This function calculates the arc sine of 0 if input is less than one, returns pi divided by two otherwise and subtracts as in case
32848: This function takes in the string of numbers and returns an integer or floating point number depending on whether it ends with "K" to convert into kilob
32849: "Checks whether requirements start with - e, which indicates that it's either installed via pip/python setuptools and not through git."
32850: This Python script uses regular expressions to replace non ASCII characters in the string with their hexadecimal representation, if they exist within that text block
32851: This function calculates the Fuzzy Distance between two tokens based on their similarity. If token's change in terms of frequency is absolute value
32852: This line of the given C++ program checks if an individual binary digit at position 'idx' in byte val is set. It does so by performing
32853: This function returns the magnet link with parameters. The '?' character is used to start and end each parameter in Magnets URLs, while &
32854: This function returns the data structure used by graph. 	Type of Graph is returned as output from 'type' method in Python programming language, which
32855: This Python script calculates the difference between two MJDs, and then adds an additional value to it in order not only calculate time differences but
32856: This Python script returns the values of cells from start to finish on an Excel sheet using list comprehension and cell value function provided by openpyxl
32857: This Python function attempts conversion of the input value into an integer, but if it fails due some exception then tries wrapping that same variable within double quot
32858: This Python function calculates the surface area of an ellipse. The input parameters are spin, which is assumed to range from [aa]=
32859: This line of the Python function calculates and returns half its input, which is equivalent to reducing cost by an amount that would be deducted from
32860: This line of the given Python script is returning an empty dictionary, which might be due to missing or incorrectly set values in "flow" and/
32861: This Python function sorts the given 'list' of tuples by value and returns another tuple with lists. The first element is an ordered set where
32862: This Python script splits the input string into individual "n" length elements and returns them as list if they are of same size, else it ign
32863: If the array is empty, return zero. Otherwise calculate and average all elements in an inputted list of cases/test results from user inputs or any
32864: This Python function returns an XML string with the given xml fragment as its content, enclosed in "websites configuration".  The returned Xml
32865: A recursion function to calculate FIBONACCI sequence. The base cases are defined as the first two numbers in fibbonaci series, and
32866: This function returns the second value in an array. It's used to get data from specific index of arrays/lists and is very useful when you
32867: This Python function takes an input "included" which can be either string or List of strings as its argument; If the type matches with String it
32868: This function returns the result of ax+b. It's an example to understand how functions work in Python programming language, where 'a', and
32869: This Python function checks the value of 'X' and modifies it to be between 16 bits. If X is less than zero, then
32870: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it doesn’t
32871: This function returns the maximum of ten minus one point six raised to an input value, and zero if that result is less than or equal too zer
32872: This function takes in the value and maximum font size, then returns an output string that represents how much of space is needed to display 'maximum'
32873: This script is used to check if the output file names start with certain prefixes and return those that do or not exist at all based on whether they
32874: This function takes an id and the sizes of grids as input. It then calculates three values - 'i', ‘k’ &amp
32875: This Python script generates three lists from the input list of points. The first two are generated by extracting their respective coordinates, and then finding respectively minimum
32876: This Python script calculates the number of pages needed to display all items in an array. If there is no "next" page, it starts from
32877: This function checks if the given path is an existing directory or not using Python's built in 'os'.  It returns True when it finds and
32878: This line of the given JavaScript function replaces all occurrences in string "link" that end with '.html' to just '.' and returns
32879: This Python script splits the input string by newline and comma characters. It then strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each name in list
32880: This Python function checks the value of 'date\_filer' and returns different strings based on its values. If it is equal to either day or
32881: This line of Python script extracts the first 8 characters from an ISO formatted string. The result will be in 'YYYMMDD' format
32882: This is an example of bitwise operations in Python. It performs right shift operation on the input 'X' and then XORs it with itself
32883: This function checks whether the list of strings is alphabetical or not. It returns true only when all characters are arranged lexicographically, meaning
32884: If the 'description' field is empty, set it to HOME. (END OF SUMMARY.)   Code snippet/example
32885: This function checks if the number 'n' is divisible by both numbers, i.e., it returns true only when `%` operation of
32886: Creates an API endpoint URL.  The host is determined by the 'env' parameter, and if it isn’t provided then defaults to localhost
32887: Check if the tag values are equal to those of another dictionary's keys and return true or false accordingly based on that comparison result; otherwise it returns
32888: If the input 'Data' does not exist, return it as such; otherwise convert to lowercase and replace slashes with backslashed versions of
32889: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of shifting bits to left by 'n' places. It is equivalent with multiplying number "
32890: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32891: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'points' and returns another one with complex numbers. Each tuple represents an x,y
32892: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
32893: This function checks whether the given mode is either 'preferred' or one of several modes that are currently available. If it isn’t, then
32894: This function calculates the difference between two numbers, multiplies it by another number and returns that result.  It's called "difference_
32895: This line of Python script returns the last part after splitting 'domain' by '.', which is essentially returning just "com" in our case, as
32896: This function returns different values based on the input parameters. The first two conditions check whether `subcategor` is equal to one and either of
32897: This Python function checks whether the input is zero or not and returns two values based on that condition - in case of nonzero value it calculates kil
32898: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of its digits. It uses Python's built in functions to get absolute value, convert
32899: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' with two attributes, name and age. The method set_name() sets
32900: This function takes an input string and returns the reversal of that.  It does not use any built in Python functions or methods to reverse strings,
32901: This Python script generates random alphanumeric strings of the specified size from possible ASCII letters and digits, using `string` module's
32902: This Python function flattens an inputted nested lists into one single level by using recursion and the builtin extend() method of python's
32903: This function returns all the prime numbers up to 'N' that are divisible by any number from ‘one’ through N. The list comprehens
32904: This Python function counts the number of spaces present on each newline character. It returns that count as an integer, which is then used to determine if
32905: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers. The difference is calculated and then each element's square value gets added
32906: This Python script creates an array of unique, title cased first and last elements from the inputted 'names' string which is split by comma into
32907: This Python function calculates the frequency of an octave in music theory, given its pitch class number and semitone index from MIDI note
32908: Returns the filtered data based on state.  It filters out all entries that are not present within provided 'states' parameter and returns only those which have
32909: This Python function generates an output list based on the input 'intervals' which is defined as tuples of two integers representing window start and end
32910: This Python function calculates the linear regression parameters using two points. The equation of line is represented as "slope*X+Interception".
32911: This function checks if the absolute difference between each parameter of unit cell and its corresponding value from 'target' is within tolerance. If it finds any such
32912: This Python function splits the input string by spaces and returns all elements except first two, if there are more than one word in each element of list
32913: Returns the URL to access Hypixels API with given key, formatted as per hypothetical usage of api_url function in Python scripting
32914: This function takes an input string, filters out non ASCII characters and then joins the remaining ones into one single String.  It's used to
32915: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of all given 3D Points. The result is returned as tuple with two
32916: This Python script sorts the list of numbers by their descending order and then calculates its total value using 'sum()' function along with an if
32917: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of two dimensions from an array. The result is returned as four separate numbers which represent these limits on
32918: If the length of 'instance' is  zero then return false. Else check each instance with corresponding value from name and values list respectively using their
32919: This function checks if the given string contains at least one character from each substring of 'substr_lst' list. If it does,
32920: If the letter Y is found within string variable, return message that you are congratulating someone with your child. Else it will give another encouraging phrase
32921: This function scales the given 3D point by multiplying its components with 'scale factor'. The result is returned as two separate values. It'
32922: This Python script generates three variables based on the input name string and combines them into one dictionary with keys 'Volume', ‘Target’ &amp;
32923: This Python script calculates the accuracy of predictions made by an algorithm. It counts how many times it correctly predicts whether each observation from 'predicted
32924: This function returns the reversed version of an inputted list. If it's not possible to reverse, then return original value as is; otherwise
32925: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32926: A Python function that converts an input dictionary into one with the same keys but values reversed using list comprehension and dict methods or builtin functions
32927: This function checks if the difference between two angles is within an acceptable range. If it's less than equal to 'threshold', then return true
32928: This program calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. It uses iteration to calculate it, starting from ‘i’='one
32929: This function converts the input time to one of two formats. If it's not exactly six characters long then an exception is raised with details about
32930: This line of Python script returns the same result as its input, but in one liner form using list comprehension and string split function instead to achieve
32931: This line of the Python script converts an input value to its percentage equivalent in one decimal place formatting, e..g., if it's
32932: This line of the Python script splits each string in input by comma, returning them as list elements or an empty array if there are no commas
32933: This function returns the position of an item from its list. If it is not found, then return 'None'. It uses two loops to find and
32934: This function creates an "unique", alphanumeric string by combining the input parameters. If either of them isn't provided, it raises '
32935: This line of the Python script calculates both absolute value and real part from complex number 'z'. The result is stored in variables "z_ab
32936: This line of Python script filters out the keys that contain 'absolute' or any other word related to positioning. It also excludes those containing
32937: This is an implementation of the conversion from decimal to HexaDecimals.  It takes in input as 'number' and returns its equivalent
32938: This Python function checks whether the input parameters are of correct type. If they aren't it raises an error with appropriate message about what needs to go
32939: This Python script creates an array of the second character from each tuple present within 'header offset' list. The resultant output is then printed out as
32940: This function calculates the sum of squares. It takes two parameters, 'x' and ‘’ y , returns their square sums as resultant
32941: This function checks the type of an element. If it is IRI, returns 'ir' and empty string else return literal with no prefix ('')
32942: This script sets the necessary variables to be used in Euphoria pipelining. The current version of Python is set as 'c['python
32943: This function checks if the last part in 'line' is " Ends with '/Names List'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
32944: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32945: This Python function takes an image number and the size of each 'grid' as input parameters. It calculates two integer variables `w` &amp
32946: This function checks if the input 'mu' is greater than zero and returns negative log of base two. If not it just return zeros as per
32947: If the string is longer than or equal to 'lengh limit' minus three, it will be cut and appended with an ellipsis.
32948: A function that checks if the input integer 'n' greater than 1 and it’s an exact power of two. If so, returns true
32949: This function calculates the geometric mean of two numbers. It's used to calculate an average height in geographical calculations, where we need both data
32950: This function takes in the string 'name' and returns an output that greets it. (END SUMMARY).   [Hint -
32951: Removes the '@' and space from all occurrences in given text, returning result as new String object with no spaces or @ symbols left
32952: This Python script checks whether the given distribution name from an input list of distributions. If it's not one that we support or doesn’t exist
32953: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'a == zero', it returns one number
32954: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32955: This Python function checks the file's modification timestamp and returns it, or an error message if unsupported OS is used in `try` block of
32956: This Python script counts the number of set bits in an integer. It does so by iterating over each binary digit and checking if it's '
32957: This Python script adds an 'offset' to each element of the input array. The result is then returned as output from function "add_to"
32958: This Python script splits the URL by "?", then it further divides that into key/value pairs, and finally converts those to dictionary
32959: This Python script converts bytes to their respective sizes with the help of SI prefixes like KiByte ("kib"), MiBytes("Meb),
32960: This Python function calculates the value of 'start' based on its range and another given starting point. The calculation is done by subtracting one set
32961: This line of Python script returns the negative values from an input list.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that task, which is more
32962: This function takes two points as input and returns their sum. The first point is the origin, which means that it's at coordinates [(x
32963: This Python script deletes all occurrences of the string 'value' that is either equal to *"deleteme"' and also contains ['
32964: This Python script splits an IPv6 address and returns the IP part as string along with its corresponding Port number if it exists in input format else return
32965: Returns true if the bit at given 'index' in byte value is set, false otherwise.  It uses binary shift and masking to check whether
32966: Raises an error if all input parameters are not numeric. Otherwise returns the result of addition and multiplication operation on 'A' &amp; '#
32967: If the value of 'old' centre is greater than that in comparison, then update it to be equal with "new" center.  Otherwise do
32968: This function checks the type of input 'Value' to determine how it should be handled based on its nature - whether as an integer or string etc.,
32969: This Python script creates two lists by removing duplicates from the input list and then finds pairs of numbers that are exactly 1 unit apart within it using
32970: This function checks whether the three input parameters are all present. If not it raises an error with appropriate message else returns concatenated string of these inputs in
32971: This Python function checks whether the input `items` are lists. If they aren't and there only one or two elements in them it returns these
32972: This Python function compares two lists 'A' &amp;quot;&lt;/code&gt;"B" to find the number of elements that
32973: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
32974: This Python script calculates the Pythagorean triplet using Euclid's formula. It checks all possible combinations of three numbers from
32975: This Python function prints the text and returns true. It's used to check if something is present in some data structure or not, which can be
32976: If "tags" isn’t an instance/list object with at least one item then return empty dictionary. Else process each individual dict within that
32977: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32978: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32979: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32980: If the string s has less than or equal to 1 character, it returns True. Otherwise False is returned by function check_string().   [
32981: This Python script checks the file extension of an inputted string and returns it in lowercase if there is one; otherwise return none or default value depending
32982: This Python script counts the number of semi colons in string 's'.  The count is stored as variable "semi colon" Count".
32983: If the input variable 'ivc' is equal to nine, return one point; otherwise calculate and assign value of "Ground Burst" based
32984: This line of the script calculates and returns an integer value based on some parameters that are passed to it as arguments in order from left(args).
32985: This Python function returns the locations list, but it sorts them in descending order based on their total. If 'sorted' is set to False
32986: Returns the task object and credentials as well result dictionary.  The 'device' value is set to None by default but can be overridden in
32987: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
32988: This function checks whether the variable contains either '.', which is used to denote decimal numbers, and/or ‘d’. If it does then
32989: This Python function calculates the difference between four floating point numbers and divides it by 8 times their reciprocal products, which is an approximation
32990: This Python function returns the ordinal of an integer. It handles cases where 'zero', first and second etc are returned as well when appropriate; also
32991: This python function calculates the values of e and returns them along with 'm' as output. The equation is derived from mathematical principles involving multiplication by
32992: This line of the Python function calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by subtracting one image from another using PIL library'
32993: “[METHOD] [USERNAME]: DESCRIPTION”. For example, if the method is GET and username as 'admin' with
32994: If the table name is empty, return an blank string; otherwise split by '_' and take second part to create SQL file with that value as filename
32995: This Python function checks the value of 'skill level' and returns it. If not within range(i), then return "None". Code is
32996: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
32997: Checks the object's existence and its attributes. If all conditions are met, returns true; otherwise false or raises an exception depending on what needs
32998: This Python function reverses the given DNA sequence. It uses slicing to reverse and then checks each character of string, if it is A or T
32999: This Python function calculates the weighted average of all elements present within two dictionaries. The first dictionary is 'cpd' and it contains other nested
33000: This function checks if the file extension of 'filename' is '.gz'. If it does, then returns True. Otherwise False or an error message depending
33001: This script converts the given string into an appropriate category based on its content. The categories are defined by two mappings and then used to map each
33002: This line of the given C++ function checks if two numbers are equal and, in case they're not too big or small compared to each other
33003: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
33004: This Python function attempts to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of crashing with error message and
33005: A function that returns an object with the key 'processor' and its value is processor. 10/3 = ~4, as it does
33006: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'values' list contains an element that has type as Tuple. If it does, then assigns
33007: This Python function transforms the input list into another one, where each element is either “+” or "-" depending on its value and "
33008: This function returns the path to model 1 in result directory as string formatting with file name "Model_{id}.pkz". The id is
33009: This Python function calculates the ratio of successful moves between two types, given their names and lists as input parameters 'type' in both functions "play
33010: This function splits the input string into two parts based on space character and returns second part if it is not empty else return first one as output in
33011: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33012: A simple Python function that generates an Fibonacci sequence up to the nth term. It uses iteration and has O() time complexity which
33013: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the appropriate file type based on its extensions, defaulting to .jpg if no match is found or
33014: This script counts the number of true positives, false negatives and other types. It also calculates how many times each type occurred when it was
33015: This function takes two parameters, passage and collection mode. It returns the concatenation of these as strings with an underscore in between them using Python syntax
33016: This Python function checks whether the media type is either 'Text' or specific to python. If it finds any of these, then returns true else false
33017: Returns the identifier in all upper case if it has an underscore. Otherwise returns original string as is; used to ensure consistent casing of identifiers
33018: This line of the given Python script returns how many digits are in num.  It converts 'num' to string, then calculates its
33019: This script creates an intersection of the keys from each dictionary within 'neuron' and returns them as list, which is then sorting by al
33020: Check if the coordinates of two rectangles overlap. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned based on whether or not their x/
33021: This Python function takes in an input string, strips off any trailing dashes and spaces from the end of it using rtrim(), then replaces
33022: This function calculates the resolution of an image based on its size. If it's smaller than one square unit in terms and conditions defined by '
33023: This Python function generates an array of integers based on the given parameters by performing complex mathematical operations until it reaches its maximum iteration limit or satisfies certain conditions within
33024: This function returns the result of bitwise NOT operation on ‘order’ bits from right. The leftmost '0' in binary representation is considered
33025: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
33026: This line of the given C++ program checks if an input string is equal to 'true' or not. If it equals, then return true;
33027: This line of the given Python script is deleting an item from dictionary 'd' using its key and returning updated Dictionary.  The deleted element will be
33028: Checks whether the input 'Start' variable has been assigned to integer type. If it hasn’t then raises error with message "Entering only
33029: If the input 'val,' it checks whether its type matches with dictionary and returns formatted string of key/value pairs from that Dictionary object using formatting
33030: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string "source" that are found to be followed by both '\r' and '
33031: This line of the given C++ program counts how many times 'count' is odd. It uses bitwise AND and right shift operations to determine if
33032: This Python function increments the number part of each unique string found within 'title' dictionary. It then renames these strings with an incremented count
33033: This Python script multiplies three vectors by their corresponding elements and then adds the results. The result is returned as one vector that contains these individual sums of
33034: This Python function checks an input 'data' and returns different strings based on its value. The values ​​are represented by numbers from zero upwards
33035: This function checks whether the given path is valid or has any extension and returns it in alphanumeric order, else return none – only accepts
33036: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by ‘scale’, but it does so in such way that if 'graph' is not
33037: This Python function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product. If the length of either vector does not equal 3 it raises an error message
33038: This function converts the input value to an integer. If it's not possible, returns 0 or -1 depending on whether 'strictness
33039: A function that takes an input string and splits it into key/value pairs separated by commas using the ':' character to separate keys from their
33040: This function takes two arguments, multiplies them together and returns the result.  It's used to perform multiplication in Python programming language using simple ar
33041: If the variable 'ap' is equal to string p, then increase by 1 hour. Otherwise return current value of Time as it remains unchanged unless
33042: If the end index 'ie' of an array isn’ t within range [starting from zero], it checks whether that value lies in between start
33043: This is an example of bitwise operations in Python. It's used to manipulate the binary representation and perform various computations on numbers, such
33044: This Python function checks whether the input value `is_bool` or not and returns it back to caller otherwise converts boolean values into lowercase
33045: This Python function checks the last character of an input string 's' to see whether it is either "/" or "\\". If so, returns
33046: This Python function checks if the modulo of x, evenness is equal to that same number divided by two in terms on odd or not. Similarly
33047: This function returns an empty string if the input is 3, else it adds or subtracts characters based on how much larger/smaller than
33048: This Python script is used to concatenates the path of all packages and their respective files. The function takes an array 'package' containing paths, then
33049: This line of Python script returns the range from 'a' to ‘b’ with step size as given by parameter `n`. The result
33050: This Python script splits the input string by commas, then iterates over each part of that list to check if it contains an equals sign and
33051: This function converts the input to its appropriate type. If it's not an instance of string or does contain '.' then convert into floating point
33052: This line of the function checks if there is at least one element that's an instance or subclass thereof None. If so it returns True;
33053: This Python function replaces '%' with '_pct', '/'-with '-from_'.  It then returns the modified string as output from it
33054: This function checks if the first character of string `s` is either '/' or '\'. If it does, then returns True. Otherwise False will
33055: This function tries to evaluate the given name using Python's builtin `eval` method with some error handling mechanism in place which will return True if
33056: If the position of specified is neither absolute nor fixed, return none. Otherwise calculate and assign it to 'value'.  [...]   if type(
33057: This function returns the quotient and remainder of division by 'nb_Col' in Python.  It is used to divide an index into two parts
33058: This Python function converts an integer to binary and reverses the result. It then returns it as another decimal number by converting back from binaries using
33059: This line of the given C++ program is setting up an OR operation. The left shift operator "<<" shifts bits to make space at position '
33060: This function splits the input string by spaces and returns true if it finds any word starting with 'prefix'. Otherwise false.  It uses builtin
33061: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters, and uses another parameter as part to calculate it. The result is then returned by
33062: This Python script loads JSON data from the variable "attendees" and checks if it contains key named as an argument passed to function, then delet
33063: This script is used to run the Star model in parallel using MESA, an open source climate modeling software suite that uses Fortran 74
33064: This Python function checks if both variables are none. If they're all true it returns the minimum of two values else return one value from each pair
33065: This Python function raises an error when it encounters 'j' less than or equal to ‘i’. It then calculates and returns sum
33066: This line of Python script returns the reversed version or transpose/mirror image(grid).  It's basically returning all rows in reverse
33067: This Python function calculates the minimum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses list comprehension and builtin functions to achieve its goal efficiently
33068: This function checks if the given 'NICKNAME' is present as an entry within JSON file. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false
33069: This function returns the account number with all instances of X and x removed.  It's used to cleanse data before processing it in other functions
33070: Checks if the lines contain specific keywords. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False or an error message is returned depending on what conditions are
33071: This Python script splits an input string into parts based on '/' and raises error if less than 3 components are found in it, indicating that
33072: If the input 'Base' is zero, return an error message or set it to be equal with x; otherwise calculate and store in variable "Val
33073: This line of the given Python function returns part or slice from original 'string' with specified span. The first element in "spans" is used
33074: This function takes two lists and returns their sum. It uses the builtin Python 'reduce' method to apply an operation on all elements in list
33075: This Python script converts the input string to lowercase, removes punctuation and spaces from it using regular expressions in one line of python program..
33076: This function is used to split the input string into segments based on underscores, and then checks whether each segment should be combined with its previous one
33077: This line of the Python script returns only lower half part from an integer. The '&' operator is used to perform bitwise AND operation on two
33078: If the sum of samples is less than total, return false. Else check conditions to see which ones are not met and then finally decide whether all
33079: This Python function takes an integer input 'x' and returns the least significant one in binary representation. The operation is performed by using modulo operator to
33080: This function takes an input and returns the lowercase version of it, but only if that string is equal to 'keyword arguments'.  It's
33081: This Python script repeatedly divides the input by two until it's no longer possible to get an integer result with zero remainder or when we reach one
33082: This line of the script checks whether an HTTP request's 'If'-Header is already present as key to our dictionary. If it isn’t
33083: This Python function calculates the value of alpha and beta, then returns one divided by another. The result is an approximation to calculate pi using Monte Carlo
33084: Copies the list of resources then iterates over it twice to find matching pairs with different indices that have earlier timestamps than their corresponding pair'
33085: This script finds the longest substring without repeating characters. It uses dictionary to keep track of character indices and keeps updating starting index as needed when it enc
33086: This function calculates the Fmeasure based on precision and recall. It uses these two parameters to calculate one measure of performance in medical diagnosis tasks, specifically
33087: This Python function takes an array of string inputs and returns the same input, but with all uppercase letters converted to lower case using list comprehension method
33088: If the number of tiles is less than or equal to one fifth then return minimum between maximum and floor division result divided by fifteen. Else it should
33089: The function takes an array of strings and returns the position where it finds "foo" in that list. If not found, -1 is returned::
33090: This function checks if the URL starts with either "http(s)?:\/\/(?:[aA]rtis?y\.(com|
33091: This function calculates the return on investment based off of temperature data, with different returns depending upon whether or not it's below/above certain th
33092: This function converts degrees to radians in Python using the math library's pi constant and returns it as an output of your program or module,
33093: This Python script creates an empty list and fills it with names of responses based on the number provided by user input using looping structure "for". The
33094: This function takes two parameters - 'interval' and the variable "XP". If XP is greater than XL it assigns new values to both
33095: If the 'None' value of `Destinations` slot, it returns "NodeName":Port. Else return NodeNamne":"Sl
33096: This line of the program checks if "old pos" contains either an uppercase J or lower case V. If it does, then changes all occur
33097: If the character "d" is NOT present, return value of function. Else calculate and Return result as per given formula else statement inside parenthes
33098: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion, but only works with positive integers. If 'n' is less than
33099: This function calculates and returns speed_of_sound using given temperature, density.  The formula used is derived from molecular dynamics simulation data where it
33100: Returns the string enclosed in double quotes.  This is useful when you want to include special characters or spaces within your strings, but not escape them
33101: If the argument 'None', return an empty array. Else check type of input and convert it accordingly in case its not one mentioned above else just
33102: If the language variable isn't set, it sets its value to an empty string. This function doesn’s do anything else but return none when
33103: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the 'center' id from its input file name, if it exists and returns that value as an integer;
33104: This function checks if the given 3D coordinates are within or on one of two specified rectangular boxes. The points' x, y & z values
33105: This Python function splits the input string into parts, checks if it has at least 3 characters and ends with an '=', then replaces
33106: This program calculates the sum of digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking modulo and division operations on input number until it becomes
33107: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with the "IDs", or 'roles', from within another dictionary called `settings
33108: This script fetches the list of jobs from Jenkin's API and returns them in JSON format with their names as keys alongwith color codes respectively
33109: This Python function calculates the weighted average. If vectors x and weights vector are not equal length or there is division through zeros it raises an error
33110: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33111: This Python script takes the 'build_date' as input and outputs it in "YY/MM/" format. The date is split into four parts
33112: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and then populates it with the keys from 'model' but excluding any that start wth module
33113: This line of Python script calculates the difference between two proportions, or in other terms it returns Delta Observed Proportion.  The
33114: This Python script splits the input string into an array of strings, then it joins each line back together with spaces and indents by "level"
33115: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
33116: This Python function merges two given sorted input arrays into one. If the array lengths differ by more than once or if an argument error is raised due
33117: If the level is greater than or equal to ten then it returns "level" otherwise calculates and sets maximum between (-/+/-)/(abs
33118: A dictionary is created with keys as 'a', '', and '' values are set to the float value of one or zero respectively based on status variable'
33119: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned char. The result is obtained by shifting right '(value << index)' bits and then performing
33120: This line of the given Python script is reducing 'prob' by half if it passes an IF condition. If not, then instead returns its complementary
33121: This function splits the input string into an array of individual 'split' characters. It then maps each character to its capitalized and small version using
33122: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an output which is square root
33123: This function returns the result of dividing ten by n. If 'n' is zero, it will throw an error as division with Zero isn
33124: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33125: This Python script sorts the given list of tuples by second element and then applies changes to an array based on these operations which is used as qu
33126: This function takes an argument and returns it. It's just printing the input to console, but in different form of output as per requirement specified by
33127: A function that generates an array of zeros with the specified size and returns it as dictionary.  The output is in JSON format which can be easily
33128: This function checks if the file extension of any URL in "link['href']". If it ends with .MP4, MKV or A
33129: This function copies the given iterables and returns its deep copied version, which is essentially creating an exact replica of it in memory without any connection to original
33130: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with the values from another given dict using nested loops as well conditionals within them which
33131: Try to get the "volume driver" from dictionary, if it doesn't exist return an empty string.  [Keyword(s): '
33132: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33133: This line of the given program calculates and returns an integer value, which is calculated by taking absolute difference between two numbers 'abs' function applied to
33134: This function checks if the file name ends with an extension that is included within 'allowed extensions'. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or
33135: If the 'children' list is empty, return depth of one. Otherwise calculate and add to maximum recursion on each children until all threads are processed
33136: Returns True if the value's string representation is less than or equal to 'max_length'. Otherwise, it returns False.  This function checks
33137: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33138: If the type of an object is 'typeless' or not, return its original form as it was in case “b” doesnt have
33139: This function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list joined by commas in string format using Python's join() method, similar
33140: Initialized two variables to zero. 1st variable is the probability of an output being successful, and second one represents primary user. Both are initialized
33141: This Python function calculates the bounding box of an object in image space based on its size and position within another larger rectangle or "image". The
33142: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is zero it returns empty string otherwise return decimal in Binary format with no
33143: This function returns the string 'True' when input is true, and else it will return false. 10/3 equals to approximately one third
33144: If the current label is either 'previous' or both of its preceding labels are also present, return True; otherwise it returns false unless there exists another
33145: Checks if the given object is equal to an expected one.  If so, returns True; otherwise False or raises exception based on type of error
33146: This Python function calculates the Solvability Index based on given parameters such as Molecular Weight, Density and returns it in grams per
33147: This program defines several colors in RGB format. The function returns the corresponding values when given an input string representing one of these predefined colours ("White
33148: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such ones, it will return any that comes first in alphabet
33149: This is an example of Python conditional statement. It checks whether the value in variable 'x' equals itself, and returns that same number or string depending
33150: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists of numbers using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as an integer rounded to
33151: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same number. It's just returning it directly without doing anything else with its value, like format
33152: This Python function creates an empty array and fills it with items from the input 'lst' that have no value associated to their keys specified by dict
33153: This Python script finds the first occurrence of each word from 'to find' list and returns them along with their corresponding lines number as dictionary object named "
33154: This Python script converts the input string to uppercase and splits it into individual "tok" in space delimited format, returning them as
33155: This line of the given Java snippet is creating an association between two strings using BeanContext and Sheet Overlay Manager in Spring Framework
33156: Copies the given directed acyclic graphs to another object and adds edges from one copy of it into other's edge list 1/3
33157: This function checks if the first two elements of one section are less than their corresponding second sections. If they're both true, it returns True;
33158: If the variable 'None' exists, return "-vh scale". Otherwise it will create an output string with two parts. The first part indicates that
33159: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33160: This function returns the string "dep - swigs includes".  It's used to generate include paths based on dependencies. The dependency is passed as
33161: This Python script returns two URLs, one using HTTP and the other HTTPS. The IP address is {IP_ADDRESS}, port number
33162: This Python function converts the input string to its numerical equivalent, taking into account different sizes of numbers and their corresponding suffixes like 'k',
33163: This function calculates the Loan to Value Ratio, which is simply defined as 'Loan Amount' divided by ‘Home’ value
33164: This Python function calculates the mass of an object given its volume and specific heat capacity at constant temperature, which is then returned as output in kilog
33165: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33166: This function checks whether the input `X` variable type in Python and only returns it as string when its value contains digits; otherwise return an empty
33167: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'var' is not an empty string. If it isn’t, then return slice from index
33168: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from list 'A' where corresponding value is greater than 1/e^
33169: This Python function flattens an irregularly nested semisimple lists into one simple linear sequence of elements using recursion and the builtin `
33170: This Python script checks if the input string is one of three predefined strings, and assigns it to ```var``` based on its value
33171: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts and converts them to floats before returning these as separate variables in tuple format."
33172: This Python function returns the minimum of two numbers. It calculates and compares how many batched problems can be processed in one chunk with all available
33173: This Python function takes an input list of binary digits, converts them to their decimal equivalents and returns the result. The conversion is done by
33174: This line of the given Python script is creating an array with elements that are present at index 0,1 and only when they have values greater than
33175: This Python function checks whether the string contains either '\n' or '\'\', and returns it as is, otherwise replaces them with their respective
33176: This Python function calculates the first two numbers of Fibo series and returns them.  The next number is calculated as summation between previous one
33177: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns tuples of the form(X_coordinate , Y Coordiante  Z coordinate).
33178: Throws an error when the provided 'axis' is out of range.  The message includes information about what dimension it refers to and why its value
33179: This Python function splits the input string into two pieces based on '@{'. If there's only one piece it assign that to "NICK
33180: This function checks if an input is of type 'dict' with all indices present as keys.  If the check passes then it returns True else False
33181: This Python function checks if the character at certain positions of an input list matches with another given characer and returns true or false based on that condition;
33182: This function returns an object with the operator as 'or' and all of its parameters.  It is used to create complex logical queries in Elastic
33183: This function splits the input string by ' | ', returning an array of class names, or just returns original value in case there is no valid split
33184: This Python function compares two strings character bycharacter. If they are equal, it adds the corresponding characters to 'result' string; otherwise,'break
33185: This function counts the number of nodes in an input binary search trees, returning zero when it encounters null or empty subtrees and counting recursively from
33186: This Python function calculates the inverse temperature of an inputted value, 'T', using six terms in its equation and returns it as output "return
33187: This function calculates the quotient and remainder of division by multiple factors. The input is an index value that needs to be divided into several parts with
33188: This Python function calculates the character with least difference between its darkened and undarked version. The result is then returned as output of that particular
33189: This Python function implements the bitwise XOR operation on an integer, then shifts it to create 'prefix' bits. If these two results are not
33190: Write the function definition of 'average_of' in Python. The average is calculated by taking two lists and returning their averages as tup
33191: This line of the given Python script is returning 'filters /' divided by four, but only when that division result exceeds one sixteen. If
33192: This line of the given C++ function checks if bit 'i' in binary representation is set. It does so by performing an AND operation with
33193: This Python function returns the status of an IoT device based on its current state in terms as per given conditions and rules defined by it's '
33194: If the number of 'leeches' is not zero, return seeds divided by num_of__objects. Otherwise it returns an integer value from
33195: This Python script takes an input string "ttl", which represents time duration and converts it into hours/minutes or seconds format based on the
33196: This Python script creates copies of each bundle and adds the time to it as an element within its "times". The result is that there are now multiple
33197: This function takes in string 's' and returns the first non underscore character. If no such char exists it will throw an error message "Error
33198: This Python script splits the input string 'old_info' by semicolon (;), then it iterates over each part of that split list
33199: This function finds the position of ";" in an input string, and if it doesn't find one returns its length or return itself as is depending
33200: If the shape is empty, return `tn`; otherwise check whether its last n elements are equal to multiIndex and then select it by those indexes
33201: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. If no element is present, it will raise ValueError exception with message "The list has
33202: This Python script creates and returns multiple lists of graphs, each containing 'n' number graph objects from the input list "graphes". The function
33203: This Python function calculates the square root of an input number 'a' by using Newton’s method, which is more efficient than traditional methods like
33204: This Python function calculates the modular inverse of an integer 'm' under modulo operation. It uses Euler’s theorem to find out if
33205: This Python script splits the input string by "||" and then takes only one part of each split result, which is used to get 'Last
33206: This line of the given Python script is returning all commands that are present only once, i.e., those which do exist within 'cmds'
33207: This Python function takes in an input string, 'text', and returns the first n characters of that same length as its original form minus any trailing
33208: Implements the function to send messages in channels. If an exception occurs during execution it prints out that error message and returns dictionary with key 'Failed'.
33209: This script uses the SVM algorithm with grid search to optimize hyperparameters and standardizes data in scikit learn library, which is used as an
33210: This function returns the given parameters in JSON format.  It's used to create an output dictionary that can be easily converted into json using `json
33211: This python function compares two lists of strings and returns the count where elements are not equal. It uses Python's builtin functions like `zip
33212: This function checks if the marks are within certain limits. If any of them is out, it returns false; otherwise true – based on whether they
33213: Returns the specified dialog action.  The returned object includes an attribute 'response' which is set to true if successful and false otherwise depending on whether or
33214: This function calculates the value of 'n' and returns it multiplied by 0.976, which is an approximation to one third
33215: This Python function checks whether the given 'dic' dictionary has an entry with specific value and returns that correspondingly; otherwise it will return "None"
33216: Checks if all elements of the list are integers. If so returns True else False – one liner version using Python's builtin functions
33217: This program converts an integer to its binary representation. It iterates over each digit of the input number and appends it into resultant "string
33218: This Python function takes in an HTML string, and if it's formatted correctly with the given pattern of splitting lines by 'class', then returns only
33219: This Python function checks the input 'metho' and assigns it to an appropriate label based on its content, which can be either vanilla or
33220: This is an implementation of the division operation in Python. It checks whether x has negative value and performs subtraction by one on it until its positive or
33221: If the DOI ID provided in input does not exist, return false. Otherwise it returns true indicating that an object with given id exists and can be
33222: This Python script sorts the values of each dictionary item by their third element and then multiplies them with 4 to get an average value which is stored
33223: A Python script that converts AWS EC Instance information into dictionary format where keys are the ids and values being their corresponding names from 'Tag'
33224: This line of the Python script is splitting 'description' string by '-', and then returning second part after split operation, which will be used in further
33225: If the value of 'to add' is less than or equal  zero, return it plus your own custom function. Else check whether `self
33226: This Python script generates an array of boolean values representing whether each number from 3 to 'N' is prime or not using the Sieve Of E
33227: This Python script returns the metrics results of two set classification problem. The returned values are TPR, DPF and FNR in that order as
33228: This function returns the copy of given 3x4 matrix. It's used to create deep copies in Python programming language, which is essential when
33229: This line of the Python script checks if j falls into either an integer or float type.  It returns True only when 'is' function finds that
33230: This function calculates the number of days in one full calendar Year. The formula is based on Gregorian Calendar, which was introduced by Jul
33231: This function calculates the area of triangle using coordinates. The formula is derived from geometry and it's used to calculate areas in computer graphics, physics
33232: This function takes an array of strings as input and returns them joined by spaces.  It's used to join the elements in var into one string
33233: This function checks the parameters and returns an appropriate value. If -a is passed, it calculates total used space on disk; otherwise return usage percentage
33234: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33235: Returns whether there are any slaves in the Mesos state or not, if so returns True else False – Code snippet to be used as
33236: This Python script creates an adjacency list representation of the graph and then performs Breadth First Search on it. The result is printed out to
33237: This Python function checks if the given string matches one of several patterns, and returns True when it does; otherwise False is returned indicating that no match was
33238: This function checks the type of work load and returns either 'Transactions' or storage based on that.  If it is not recognized, then return
33239: This function checks whether the input 'dict' or string key exists and returns its value using recursion until it finds an instance of dictionary with no further
33240: This function calculates the power of an elemental force. The result is returned as "ef/n".  It's used to calculate energy
33241: This script replaces certain placeholders in the given string with their corresponding values from version and system information respectively, using regular expressions to identify patterns within that
33242: This Python function is used to retrieve the value of an input named "{input_key}" from list 'Output'. If it doesn't exist
33243: This function checks if the values of two lists are almost equal within an error margin – that is to say it returns true only when all elements at
33244: This Python function will return the second element of an input list if it exists, otherwise returns all elements in case there is no “second” item
33245: If the total number of true negatives and false positives is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate sensitivity or recall as per formula given in problem
33246: This is an example of how to initialize the variables in Python.  It's using list comprehension and dictionary assignment syntax which are both very python
33247: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in three dimensions. The result is divided by twice to account both distances as one dimension of space
33248: This Python script sorts the list, removes duplicates and finds all pairs of numbers that differ by 3 or more from each other which are present as
33249: If the input 'value' is less or greater that it can handle, raise an error.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal in case of valid
33250: This Python script generates unique prices from the given 'lines' object, which is an iterable of objects with properties variant and quantity that represent different quantities
33251: This line of the function calculates and returns an average value by dividing maximum endpoint with given number. The result is then multiplied to get percentage
33252: Code is used to find the domain name from an email address using regular expression in Python 3+ with one line of pythonic syntax and without any
33253: This script generates two lists, one with column names that end '_level' and the other without these suffixes from those same list of original 'columns
33254: This Python function calculates the sum of squares. It takes three arguments and returns their square sums as one number – an example is to calculate how
33255: Copies the elements of y into another object, then updates that copy with those from 'x'. The result is returned as an output to be used
33256: If the string is empty or ends with newline, return it. Otherwise just keep returning original input as long there are no characters to process in that
33257: This Python function takes in two parameters. The first is the string "dir" which represents one of four directions ('N', ‘S’ ,
33258: This Python script adds two vectors of the equal size. The function checks if both input lists are equally long, and raises an error message otherwise."
33259: This function calculates the energy of an object with mass 'G' and maximum velocity in one direction ('gMax') at rest, given its initial
33260: This Python function is used to truncates the string if it exceeds 36 characters. If more than one sentence, then '...' will be
33261: This script uses CUDA if available and the number of GPUs is more than  one. Otherwise it defaults to using CPU only mode with default size
33262: This function checks if the price is within specified range. It returns true or false based on whether it's in that specific condition, otherwise not being
33263: If the connection components are none, return false. Otherwise check each component against its starting and ending activities to see whether they have any of these as part
33264: This function takes as input the text to be processed and returns it after removing all leading/trailing whitespace from each individual string. It does so
33265: This Python script calculates the average, squaring differences and then calculating an estimate of standard deviation from these calculated parameters. The result is returned as output
33266: This line of the function calculates and returns an immediate rewards plus discounted future value.  It's part way into how Q learning works,
33267: This line of the given Python script returns three values from an input vector. The first value is taken as index 0, third one at position '
33268: If the current directory is empty, return an appropriate message with information about its location in relation to other directories or files on your system; otherwise it returns
33269: This Python script splits the input line into fields based on tab character and returns them as pairs in form of tuples if they match with stream
33270: This function trims leading and trailing characters from the string 'S' that are present as either of its end or start with any given list/
33271: This function checks the input string 'imitr' and returns an appropriate value from dictionary based on its content, which is then used to calculate interest rate
33272: This Python script is designed to verify the structure of inputted transactional records. It checks whether all fields are present and their order matches with what'
33273: This Python function compares two version numbers and returns whether the first is greater than or less then second based on their components value by indexing from left
33274: This Python script checks whether the given string ends with 'db' and then assigns an appropriate port number to use in MySQL connection URL based on that
33275: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
33276: If the value is 'None' or any of its variants ('nOtHInG', None), it returns Nothing. Else ->
33277: This Python script tokenizes the input string by splitting it into individual atoms, considering only Cl and Br as special cases of Cd/Cs bonds
33278: This Python function renames the keys of an object with specific rules based on their values and returns it as another dictionary."  [END SUMMARY}
33279: This Python script calculates the total length of all filepaths. It starts by initializing 'total' to zero, then iteratively adds up each
33280: This function converts an integer to the specified number system. If input is “zero” it returns empty string else return result of conversion with recurs
33281: Checks if two records are equal, ignoring nonessential fields. If the number of keys doesnt match or there's any difference between
33282: This line of the Python script checks if "path" starts with 'http' or not, returning True when it does and False otherwise using startwith
33283: This line of the program is setting up two variables, 'temp' and ‘tt’ in case they are not already defined or initialized beforehand
33284: This Python function converts an RGB value to its hexadecimal equivalent. The input is the R, G and B values of any color in
33285: This function calculates the total of 3 numbers, each multiplied by its corresponding value. The result is then returned as one number with an additional
33286: This Python function converts an RGB string to its decimal equivalent and returns the three values as integers in tuples format if input is valid HEX
33287: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33288: This function returns the number of days in February given an inputted 'month' and current/last calendar Year. If it is January or December then
33289: This Python function splits the input string by 'X' and converts it into two integers if possible; otherwise raises an error message indicating that there
33290: This function returns the path to an OVA file that is created from VMWare's SandBox. The output directory and filename are passed as
33291: This function returns the color based on an input temperature value 'ita'. The colors are defined as follows - dark, tan(n), intangible
33292: This Python function calculates the total number of hours in days. It takes two arguments - 'days' and an integer value representing minutes or seconds from
33293: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33294: This function returns different values based on the input number. The return value is determined by certain conditions in an "IF" statement, which are checked sequ
33295: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the first word of that sentence as output if it exists otherwise return empty strings along with original unprocess
33296: This Python function checks whether the input value 'val' can be considered as either true or false. If it’s one of two specific strings,
33297: Code is checking whether the moves are valid, then determines which player has won based on their input."""  [END](continued...)  ```
33298: This function calculates the value of an LED light based on its maximum brightness, minimum or resting level and current "intensity" – it'
33299: This Python script uses the scikit learn library to perform hyperparameter tuning on an SVM model using GridSearchCV function from sklearn'S
33300: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you should include your name and date here).
33301: This function returns the value of an acceleration based on its string representation. If it's 'acceleration_mode = V8', then
33302: This Python function checks if the input number is prime. It divides it by each integer from two to five and returns True only when no remainder can
33303: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33304: If the 'encounter' dictionary contains both keys named as period & start, then return its value.  Otherwise it will raise an error message saying
33305: This Python script splits the string "head" into individual elements and counts them one by ones until it reaches zero value at each element of list then
33306: This Python function raises and handles exceptions when the input isn't of type 'int'. It then returns that number multiplied by four. If it
33307: This Python function checks the value of 'sec' and returns it in different formats. If sec is 1, then return as an integer; else
33308: This Python function converts the format of frames from one to another. It takes as input two parameters - 'frames' and ‘newFormat’
33309: If the 'page' starts with an optional leading "@" symbol, then return its name without that at start; otherwise just remove any trailing
33310: This is the implementation of binary logarithm in python, it counts how many times we need to divide by two until 'n' becomes less than or
33311: This line of the Python function returns 'epsilon' and its value is zero. It was used to initialize some variables in an algorithm that uses numerical methods
33312: This line of the given Python script removes all occurrences (*).  It replaces 'mhc' with an empty string, effectively removing
33313: This function returns the opposite of its input. If it's not one among four possible directions, then return 'Unknown'. 4 Directions
33314: This line of Python script returns the average value between two numbers. It uses numpy's sum function to add up all elements in list and then
33315: This Python script creates an inverse DNA complementary sequence generator. It takes as input the nucleotide sequences and returns their reverse complements by using dictionary
33316: This Python function takes an array of integers as input and returns the integer formed by concatenating all elements. The numbers are read from right to left,
33317: Replace special characters with their appropriate replacements. This function takes in the input text and returns it after replacing all of its instances where certain non
33318: This function returns True if the input is 'q' and False otherwise.  It checks whether or not an object with type of string equals to Q
33319: This Python function calculates the moving average crossover strategy using given parameters, and returns an array of indicators based on whether or not to
33320: This Python script generates an array of time intervals between two years given as input parameters and returns the list in one line format with each interval represented by its
33321: If the change in value is less than or equal to .9%, return 'low', otherwise, check next condition and so on until no more conditions
33322: A dictionary to store metadata.  It is used as an object in the main program, where it can be accessed and modified by other parts of your
33323: This line of Python function converts all uppercase characters in the string to lower case and replaces underscores with hyphens, thus standardizing
33324: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on 'font name' and returns third part if it exists, else return whole original text as
33325: This function calculates the Chi Square statistic. If division by zero occurs, it returns None instead of throwing an error to prevent program termination due un
33326: This line of the given Python script returns only URLs without any whitespace at either end, effectively removing leading and trailing spaces from them if they
33327: This line of the Python script checks whether "xri", which is supposed to be an XML Reference Identifier, starts with 'xrb' and
33328: This script splits the input string into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries, with keys being unique identifiers from each pair while values
33329: This function returns the values of the variables in different regions. The return value depends on which input string matches one among four predefined strings ("T
33330: This Python script checks if the URL is an absolute or relative, then adds 'www.' to it before returning as output in case of any missing protocol
33331: This function calculates the value of an integer in hexadecimal format. The result is returned as decimal number, which can be used to perform
33332: This Python script filters out the 'choices' that are not present. It creates two lists, one with all ids of those choices and another
33333: This function calculates the area of an isosceles trapezoid given its base lengths and height. The formula used to calculate it involves
33334: This Python function checks whether the value of 'false' is 0 or not. If it returns true, then return "True" else print out
33335: Returns the key of an object in JSON format.  Code is used to get specific data from json objects using their keys, which are unique identifiers
33336: This Python function calculates the sum of some terms in an equation based on input parameters x and y. The coefficients are stored as variables 'p'
33337: This Python function replaces all spaces with '%' and underscores. It uses the same logic as str replace() method but does it on one
33338: If the two input strings are not of equal length, return false. Otherwise convert each character to its corresponding ASCII integer value using dictionary mapping from characters
33339: This line of the Python script initializes an empty dictionary named _memoize_cache. It's used to store results from function calls,
33340: This line of the script checks whether 'api_version' variable has been assigned an instance that isn’t string. If it hasn‘ tbeen
33341: If the first period ends before second starts, return true. Else check whether current minute is less than next start of both periods; in case it
33342: If there are any predictions made and the number of those that were correctly identified is greater than zero then calculate Precission. Else set it to
33343: This function checks whether the length of word is between 2 to less than or equal, inclusive. If it's not then return false else true
33344: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33345: This line of the function returns concatenated string with " . css" at end. It's used to create file names in CSS formatting,
33346: This function returns the lowercase version of its input, if it is equal to 'True'. Otherwise，it will simply ignore and not change anything else
33347: This Python function checks the name of an inputted 'tool' and assigns it to severities based on its type. The return value is assigned
33348: This function calculates the difference between two elevations and returns that value. The result is then used to determine if it's "decent".
33349: This Python function takes three lists as input, checks if the lengths of these list are equal and returns their sum. The length is checked to ensure that
33350: This function returns the list of indexes in ascending order based on their "Name".  It uses Python's builtin 'sort()'. The
33351: Compares two activity profiles and returns differences between them with an absolute value of √((x^n + y ^ n)/sqrt()). If
33352: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
33353: This Python function converts an image's pixel values to the range  [(Gr, Gg), ...] = ((A+B)/
33354: This function returns the number of ways to reach from point A(cost='A') onwards by taking steps either +/-3. If no
33355: This function merges the given dictionary with default values and returns it. The merged dictionaries are then used to generate autogenerated documentation using S
33356: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with IP addresses from the given list of tuples using names as keys if they are not
33357: This Python script is used to find the elements that are present only once within an iterable object and return them as tuples of two with no
33358: This line of the script is creating list with positions from centers. It then returns maximum value among these values using set to remove duplicates and convert it
33359: This script splits the input string into separate sentences using newline characters as delimiters, and then filters out any empty or whitespace strings from
33360: This line of Python function returns the difference between two numbers.  It's very simple and doesn’t do anything complex, but it does what
33361: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one millionth part from 'time' variable. It is used to convert microseconds into mill
33362: If the input 'Value' isn’t provided then return none. Else check whether it has been assigned to any variable and returns that as output
33363: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on the value of `x`. If it is positive, then return "+ �
33364: Removes all the digits from given string.  Repeatedly used to remove special characters and numbers in Python scripting language using regular expressions
33365: This Python function converts the input to an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it is true/False in lower case form; otherwise returns
33366: This Python function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. If 'position' is zero or one it returns that value directly
33367: Returns the appropriate Zone Context based on input string. If no match is found, throws an error with unknown sufficx message  [^_v
33368: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' can be either an integer or floating point number. If it does not meet these conditions then returns `
33369: This line of the given Python script calculates and updates 'Q' value with an updated reward. The new calculated qvalue is then returned by function
33370: Checks whether the two data sources are of same type and have equal lengths. If not, returns False immediately; otherwise proceeds to compare each element in
33371: This Python script calculates the time interval in milliseconds between two given times. If no second parameter is provided, it defaults to current system'
33372: This Python script splits the filename into its components, then extracts and converts an id from it based on some criteria in place of 'port
33373: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
33374: This Python function converts all elements of the input 'List' to their corresponding values after multiplying by an arbitrary number, which is set as "
33375: This Python script creates two dictionaries from the given dictionary. The first one maps categories to their unique identifiers and vice versa; it also counts
33376: This Python function checks if the request is using POST with form data in either application xhtml url encoded formatting ("XWWWFormUrlEncodedFormat
33377: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input is 'width' and it returns two values which are calculated
33378: If the value of 'x' is less than or equal to minimum, it raises an error. Otherwise calculates and returns remaining time in minutes after
33379: This Python script splits the file name of an inputted 'path' into its components, and then checks if it ends with one or more common
33380: This line of the script filters out all whitespaces or comments from 'tokens' using Python lambda function with filter() method, keeping only non
33381: This script writes the number of K points and their coordinates to an output file named "KPOINTS". The length is calculated from 'len()
33382: This function checks if the three numbers are in ascending order. It does so by comparing each number to its next and previous neighbor, returning True only
33383: Returns the filtered version of 'data' where only those records with date field greater than or equal to "compareDate" are included.  The result
33384: This function checks whether the input number is less than 1. If it's true, then return "True", otherwise ->"False".
33385: This line of the function returns all elements in an array starting from index 0 up to, but not including len. It's essentially slicing
33386: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It uses two variables to keep track of previous and current values in each iteration which is
33387: If the name is 'makrker', return it as such, else check whether or not there's an equivalent key of that value from
33388: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with some formula, but it's
33389: This function calculates the linear interpolation of two points. If they are equal in both coordinates then it returns one point else return calculated value based on
33390: This function compares two lists of values and returns true if the first list is greater than or equal to second, false otherwise. If both are same
33391: This line of the script retrieves data from an API, then cleans it by stripping any leading or trailing whitespace characters that might be present
33392: This function calculates the remainder of division by 'a' in base 10. It is used to find out how many times an element needs
33393: This script generates two lists based on the input of 'experiment ids and image ranges'. The first list is created by taking each second element from
33394: This Python function returns the reverse of an array. If no input, it will return 'None'. Otherwise，it simply reverses and then gives back
33395: This line of the Python function replaces all occurrences in string 's' that are "-:" with space, effectively removing any hyphen and
33396: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
33397: If the key 'config' is missing from given dictionary, return an empty dict. Else it returns another nested dictionaries with keys and values of
33398: This line of the given C++ program is responsible to check if an integer has its most significant bit set. It does so by shifting bits in order
33399: This function calculates the FIBONACCI number at position 'N' using memoization. If it has already calculated, then returns from
33400: This Python script generates and returns the names of all metrics from an API's JSON output using List Comprehension, which is one way to
33401: This line of the given Python script splits string by ":" and takes second part after stripping leading/trailing whitespaces, then further split
33402: This Python script creates an identical copy of list 'La' and adds all unique elements from the second array to it, then returns that new copied List
33403: This Python script is used to format an input list of lists, where each sublist contains strings that may contain numbers and quotes around them but are not
33404: This Python script calculates the number of row and column in two matrices.  The length is calculated based on their dimensions, which are assumed to be
33405: Implemented the function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array. Code language used is Python, Function name "sum_array
33406: This Python function takes three strings as input and returns the first two characters of each string followed by 'a' then another character. The third part is
33407: A Python function that returns the response object with specific details about an HTTP request. The 'body' is expected in JSON format and contains information such as
33408: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an input list of strings and second one max length. It returns only those elements from that given array
33409: This function generates the modelines used in VIM to configure it with OCaml as its primary language and sets up some basic information about itself such that
33410: This function converts the time in minutes and seconds to two digit strings. It takes an integer as input representing total number of minutesthat have
33411: This function checks whether the number 'n' is either 2 or equal to three. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False will be
33412: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33413: This Python function normalizes the input to be between [0., +∞[ and then raises it in power of 'e' which is approximately
33414: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an estimate based on lam, which is divided by another parameter called 'lam_zero' to
33415: This function replaces all instances of 'A' with ‘AA’, '_', and '/'. It also changes the last character to be Z
33416: A dictionary is created with field names as keys and empty lists are assigned to them. The function then returns the newly formed dict object, which can be
33417: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33418: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is positive integer 'n' and returns n*(((positive number)-1)*3
33419: This python script calculates the total of all numbers from 'x' to ('end') that are divisible by either three nor five. The result
33420: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, where each string is expected to be formatted like 'param_name==someValue', and returns
33421: This function returns the difference between two grades. It's used to calculate an average of three different scores in Python programming language using if, elif and
33422: This function returns the length of list A.  It's an easy way to get number elements in Python lists or arrays, but it is not
33423: This script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the data from 'document index' into its corresponding keys, creating nested dictionaries if necessary
33424: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33425: This Python function calculates the sum of squares in four variables. The input is not used and only serves to return one value - total square distance from
33426: If the function receives any keyword arguments, it returns them. Otherwise return an empty dictionary as default value in Python 3+ and PyCharm'
33427: This line of the given Python script is setting 'cc' to 0 and then returning it. The function does not do anything else with its input
33428: This function converts the inputted String to all capital letters. ...   // Add your own text here, if needed..    return result
33429: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33430: This Python script creates dictionaries to store the activation functions and their corresponding parameters. It also defines an iterative process where it loops over each hidden neur
33431: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer as per its value in dictionary 'USER TYPE'. If it doesn't exist then return default message
33432: This Python function takes two input lists, checks if they are of the same length and adds them together. If not it raises an error with message "
33433: This function returns the list of fonts that are available in your system. The dictionary keys represent different font formats and their values include lists with all possible extensions
33434: If the two versions are equal, return false; otherwise compare their components and determine whether one is greater than/lesser then other based on component comparison
33435: This line of the script calculates and returns an adjusted coefficient based on how much higher or lower it is compared to 1984. The
33436: This line of Python script replaces all underscores in the string 's' with hyphens, effectively converting any single or double underline to
33437: This Python script is designed to extract the issue's domain from its full name. It does so by splitting on '.' and returning an object containing
33438: This Python function checks whether the input string "branches." If it's none, returns an empty list; otherwise raises either value error or
33439: This function takes in the minimum and maximum values of two dimensions along with an optional scale factor to adjust these limits. It then calculates new min/
33440: This script checks if the IP range of an incoming packet matches with one defined by user. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned
33441: If the claim 'p' has PURI with value, return its id. Else do nothing or an empty list depending on whether it exists as
33442: This line of the given C++ function checks if an integer is negative. It does so by shifting its bits to right and then comparing it with
33443: Swap the values of two variables.  If '<' is not used in Python syntax then it means that we are comparing and swapping numbers
33444: This Python function converts the input number into degrees and minutes. The result is returned as three separate integers in tuples format which are then converted
33445: This line of the function returns how many times it finds an item in list that matches with "new" dictionary. It uses lambda to filter out
33446: This Python function converts all the underscores in input string to uppercase letters using map and lambda functions together with join method of python strings
33447: If the number is 0, return an empty string. Otherwise it should always end with 'es' or ends in vowel soundex codes and
33448: This function returns the access level of an object based on its 'private' status. If it is true, then return string Private; otherwise Public will
33449: This python script calculates the speed of an engine based on RPMs and adjust it according to some settings in between 3 different ranges, with
33450: This Python script counts the number of six rolls. It initializes count to 1, then iterates over each result and increments if it'
33451: This function checks if the string 'P' starts with either an uppercase or lower case letter, followed by any number from 1 to n dig
33452: This piece of Python script calculates the value 'e' and returns it multiplied by some other values, then divides that result with another one
33453: Split the name into first and last names.  Return an array of these two pieces if possible; otherwise throw error message 'Invalid Name'
33454: This function takes in an observation list and checks whether the length of that input is 4. If it does not meet these conditions then return None;
33455: If the input 'PayLoad' contains only one key/value pair in dictionary format then it will return results from that value else returns original data as
33456: Checks if the given number is negative, then returns true. If not it checks whether its positive version has all bits set to one except possibly at
33457: This line of the function returns an equivalent expression to pos+=length, but it does so in such way that if 'pos' is greater than
33458: This Python function returns the opposite of what it's given, depending on its type. It is used to handle parentheses and square brackets
33459: This function converts the input image id to string and then concatenates it with static directory path. The result is an absolute filepath of new created
33460: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33461: This Python function uses an "else" clause to determine the type of operation based on input. It then calls one or more functions with these inputs,
33462: This line of Python script converts the list 'c' into an integer type. The function round() is used to make sure that all elements are
33463: This line of Python script returns an object with one key, 'parameters', which is set to another dictionary containing the values specified by "for" loop
33464: This function takes in one string and returns the same text with all capitalized letters replaced by their corresponding small case versions. If no such character is found
33465: This Python function calculates the frequency of MIDI notes based on their deviation from A Major scale. The base note is set to middle C,
33466: This Python script iterates over each element of the input list, and strips leading/trailing whitespace from it. The modified version is then returned
33467: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the metrics from 'lst' list. The keys of each entry are unique IDs
33468: This Python script calculates the length of both term and number. It then initializes two counters i, j to 0 which are used in
33469: Split the string into three parts on hyphen and assign to variables if length is 4 or more; else raise an error with unrecog
33470: This function adds the difference between 'mod' and ‘remainder of division by’ multiple to an input number. It is used in some
33471: This function returns the URL to an online resource that allows you view and edit room plans in ZV University' WIEN Planner system, using
33472: If the input list has exactly three elements, it checks whether its second element is an open parenthesis ("(".  It also verifies that third one
33473: This python program calculates the difference between two squares of sums. The first one is calculated with given 'n' and second will be n*sqrt
33474: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether two variables are equal or not, and returns either the value '1' when they
33475: Finds the first non whitespace character in string 'S'. If no such char exists, returns an empty String.  [1 line]
33476: This Python script splits the input string by commas to get individual elements in each record, and returns them as list of strings 'fields'.
33477: This python script calculates the intersection of two bounding boxes. The function takes in four parameters each representing one corner point and returns another set that represents
33478: This Python function calculates the nth term of an arithmetic series. The formula is used to calculate it, which involves dividing by 3
33479: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture, which states that every positive integer starts with "3" and then each step takes one additional operation
33480: This Python script takes the filename as input and returns three variables - first two are derived from that. The third variable is simply equal to 'fileN
33481: This function takes an Int32 as input and returns the result of adding 15 to it, then performs bitwise negation on that value
33482: Code is used to create a new instance of the class. The constructor takes two parameters, an integer and another string which are then stored in private variables
33483: This Python function checks whether the string ' __ revoke d' or ‘_ finished’ is present at any position within an ID. If it
33484: This Python script calculates the shortest path in an instance of vehicle routing problem using Google's OR Tools. The input is given as 'prob
33485: This Python script maps certain Unicodes to other characters. It does so by creating and returning an iterable of the original character or its mapped equivalent
33486: This function promotes the values of three variables by subtracting one from them. The result is then returned as four separate numbers in descending order with
33487: Counts the number of occurrences per each type. This script is used to count how many times certain types are found within given data
33488: This JavaScript function adds two variables and assigns the result to another variable. It also subtract one value from an existing number in each step of operation
33489: This python function is used to find the score of an object with specific name from dictionary 'psm'. If it exists, then return its value;
33490: If the two variables are equal, return true. Else check whether their types match; in case of matching typenames they compare values within t
33491: Checks if the two strings have more than one third of their characters in common. If so, checks whether they share at least three consecutive identical substr
33492: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys and values from 'x' where value is not zero or None but only when it exists otherwise removes that key
33493: This function prints the string "Breeding Machine Control Objects" to stdout.  It'll be used in conjunction with other functions that control
33494: This Python script takes in two parameters w and h to define the size of an image. It then calculates how much each side should be offset from
33495: This script creates an empty "Set" to store the content of each dictionary within 'entries'. It then iterates over all dictionaries and checks
33496: If the lengths of two lists are different, return false. Otherwise check each element from both list to see whether they match or mismatch and break on
33497: This line of the given Python script crops an image by slicing it. The slice is defined as 'pixels[:, 0 : x
33498: This function calculates the percentage change between two values. It returns 98% if new value is greater than or equal to an existing one,
33499: This function calculates the net price after GST is applied. It takes in an initial 'Amount' and returns its final value, with any applicable
33500: This function returns the last bit of an integer. It's called "bitwise AND" operation, where it performs 'AND', but with one
33501: This python function calculates the mean and variance of an input list. The difference between each element in 'delta' is calculated from its previous value to
33502: This line of Python script returns the same result as zip function but in one liner. It zips two lists together and creates tuples with
33503: Returns True if the value of 'actual_vaue' is greater than or equal to ‘lower limit’. Otherwise, it returns False in
33504: This function checks if the number is divisible by any of its primes. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false indicating that
33505: This Python script reads from an input file, splits each nonempty string into two pieces using ":" as the delimiter and stores it to
33506: This function checks the balance of binary tree. It returns one when it's balanced, and zero otherwise by checking each node in its subtree recurs
33507: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with calculated values from the given input data structure 'y'. The frequency of each value is
33508: Code returns true if variable 'var' is different from value of constant ‘X’ or the given list, else it will check whether that particular
33509: This line of the Python script converts each character in 'coordinate' string into an integer and returns them as integers within another function call map().
33510: This function checks if the given object contains 'pull request' information. If it does, returns that info; otherwise return none – Code snip
33511: A function that takes as input the list of dictionaries and returns an equivalent dictionary where each key is from one element's "key" attribute,
33512: This Python function returns True if the given list of cards has all same suit, False otherwise. It does so by creating an array with just one element
33513: This function returns the reference of an element at given position from list. If there is no such item it will return 'None'. Otherwise counts how many
33514: This Python script converts each number from the input list to its rounded value. The result is returned as an output array of numbers, which are all
33515: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two points and their corresponding coordinates. The result is calculated by subtracting one coordinate from another
33516: This Python script splits the input filename into its root and extension parts, then returns only their roots without any extensions or slashes in between them."
33517: This script calculates the range of angles and controllers based on input parameters. The calculation is done in accordance with an algorithm that takes into account whether
33518: This Python function calculates the percentage difference between two salaries, and raises an error when one of them exceeds another by more then 3% or
33519: This line of the Python function returns True if absolute difference between 'a' and 'b', with an error tolerance, is less than or equal to
33520: This function calculates the derivative at x=xval using Newton's method. It requires an input list with three elements, and raises error when
33521: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input number. It shifts all bits of num to left and then adds it with 'bit' extracted from
33522: This Python function returns the state of an object given its integer value. The values correspond to different stages in which objects can exist, and are used as
33523: This line of the given Python script returns all unique elements in QUBOs storage.  It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then conver
33524: This Python function generates two dictionaries from the given list of tripless. The first dictionary is used to map pairs with their corresponding strings and vice
33525: This Python function checks the last character of an input string, then removes it from that end until either no more characters are left to remove ('[]')
33526: If the integer is one, return false. Otherwise check whether it's not zero AND its binary representation has only two distinct bits set to 'one
33527: This python function counts the number of times an element is greater than its previous one. The input list 'inpput' should be provided as argument
33528: This Python function calculates the change in depth due to changes at different depths. It's based on an equation derived from hydrodynamic equations and
33529: A dictionary is created to map the 'accuracy' column of each record from "features" list into another. The values are then mapped onto other
33530: This Python function calculates the value of 'Phi' in an equation. The formula is derived from another variable, which multiplies itself by some power
33531: This Python function implements the Longest Common Subsequence problem using dynamic programming. It calculates and returns an integer value representing how many characters are common to
33532: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively multiply corresponding elements from both input arrays and then
33533: This Python function splits the input string into its constituent parts, then attempts to map these onto two variables in an attempt at creating and returning some
33534: This function takes three parameters, adds them together in the order they are given and then multiplies each result by two. The first parameter is added to
33535: This Python script takes two strings as input, compares their lengths and appends the corresponding characters from each string to an output list until one of them
33536: This Python function calculates the square of differences between consecutive pairs from two lists. The difference is calculated and squared before being added to an accumulator
33537: This Python script reads an input string and splits it into lines using the '\n' character as delimiter then prints each of these separated by
33538: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements present within an array. The variable 'n' is used to determine how many items are included and
33539: Deletes all keys with value of 'None' from the dictionary "PayLoad" – Code snippet to delete empty dictionaries and their
33540: Removes trailing commas and quotes from JSON string in Python 3, using the rtrim() method to remove leading characters while replacing backsl
33541: This line of the Python function checks if an input number is even. It returns True when it's divisible by two, and False otherwise -
33542: This function calculates the level of an object by taking into account its current value and increasing it with each step, but only up to maximum limit set
33543: This function is used to return the path of an element 'b' from list/array "A". If it finds "/", returns that. El
33544: This Python function checks whether the input `complexes` are lists or single objects with an attribute named "monomeer patterns". If they aren’
33545: This Python script calculates the total of “num” multiplied by ten. It is used to count how many times each number appears within an
33546: This Python script uses the Depth First Search algorithm to traverse through an abstract syntax trees and collects all files in it, along with their corresponding
33547: This Python function splits the string "display" on '(' and then returns second part of split result, but if there is no such character it
33548: This function converts the input string to its equivalent boolean value. If it's not 'True', or ‘False’ then returns None;
33549: If the function is not of same data types as its argument or it does have an attribute named ".___tsetCase___", then return false
33550: This Python function generates the next value in an iterative process based on two previous values, with some specific coefficients 'a' and ‘b’
33551: This Python script converts the input BIDS directory to lower case and checks if its extension is either 'I', ‘J’ ,or'
33552: This line of the given Python script creates an empty list and populates it with unique elements from 'bids' using sets, which automatically remove duplic
33553: This function calculates the value of an object's reaction rate based on its concentration, temperature and other parameters. The formula is derived from experimental data
33554: A dictionary of timelines with different sources and colors. The primary source is the original dataset while secondary sourced are derived from 'new' processes in
33555: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses builtin functions like `max` and list comprehension to
33556: If the input "value" isn't defined, return an empty string. Otherwise just output or simply refer to it as per requirement in Python programming
33557: This function calculates the sum of an arithmetic series. The formula is n*(a+l*d), where '(', l's
33558: This Python function checks whether the input parameter 'is instance of' returns True or False and raises an error message "input arguement should only contain
33559: This line of Python script returns an array filled with False values. It's used to pad the input list before applying any function that requires padding,
33560: This line of Python script returns the integer part only. It divides an input number by one million, and then takes its floor division result to get
33561: This function calculates the running average. It raises an error when 'N' is less than 0 or not equal to one and returns its value
33562: Returns the value of "pos" key from dictionary 'data'.  If it doesn't exist, returns None.  ```python Code is returning
33563: This function takes in one string argument and returns the same word but all upper case.  It uses builtin Python functions to convert it into an equivalent
33564: This function splits the input string 'x' by delimeter and returns it as list of strings in Python 3 syntax using "isInstance"
33565: This Python function attempts conversion of the input string into Boolean value. If successful it returns True else False or raises an error if any exception occurs during evaluation
33566: This line of the given python script calculates and returns 'Sucroses' as per its calculation formula, which is based on an equation involving
33567: This Python script uses list comprehension to generate the result of removing all characters from string ‘str’ that are also present within another given 'string
33568: This Python script extracts the first line of output from an executed command, then splits that string into three parts and takes care to only return
33569: This function returns two strings that are used to identify the axes on which grid lines should be drawn. The first string is 'XAxis' and
33570: If the input is negative, it returns an error message. Otherwise，it converts seconds to minutes and hours in string form with leading zeros as
33571: This Python function calculates two values based on the given parameters. The first value is calculated as "(P total * n in - ∑
33572: This Python function takes an input string 'API name' and returns the same API Name with only alphanumeric characters, underscores or periods
33573: This Python script generates an array of ‘ones’ and 'zeros' based on the length or number available hashes from given list, if
33574: This line of Python script returns the number or length/counts how many times "spaces" appear in given string, which is equivalent to counting
33575: This Python function returns the tuple of elements in an input dictionary, which includes "Tolls Booht", and its corresponding month. The total
33576: This script checks if there is only one gifti file among the list of image files and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, otherwise it
33577: This function pads an input with zeros on both sides of it. The padding is done by adding enough zeroes at each end so that its total
33578: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
33579: This function takes two 3D points as input and returns the difference between them. The result is another point that represents their differences in each dimension respectively
33580: This line of the given Python script is removing all null characters from 'unicode\_content'. It does so by using an anonymous function in combination with
33581: This Python script loops through the 'Faceted Search' results, checks if each result is of type terms. If it does then converts all numer
33582: This Python function cleans the given list of elements by converting any 'None' values to an empty string, and then joining all remaining strings together with spaces
33583: A dictionary with default logging configuration settings. 	Keyword(s): config dict log level file directory cache dir info workflow interface}   Explan
33584: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of "expirments". For each one it extracts its 'Name'
33585: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is derived from mathematical principles and it's used to calculate something in
33586: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
33587: This Python function finds the closest pair of numbers to input number 'n' that satisfy two equations using integer values only and returns their pairs as list format
33588: This Python function finds the maximum value from nested dictionary structure 'x'. It uses two loops to traverse through each key of outer and inner dictionaries
33589: This function calculates the value of an expression based on three parameters. The first two are multiplied by 3, and then added together with another
33590: This line of the script converts time in format HH::MM to total number or 'seconds' as an Int. It splits string by
33591: This function calculates the minimum number of operations required to transform one string into another. It uses dynamic programming and recursion techniques with memoization in
33592: This Python function manipulates the binary representation of an integer. It uses looping to iteratively process each individual digit, and then performs operations on that
33593: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
33594: This is an example of conditional statements in Python. It checks the value 'e' and returns different results based on its condition(s). In our
33595: This function calculates the value of an equation y^2 + constant. The result is then returned as output from our program, which can be used
33596: This function is used to convert nested lists into dictionaries where the values are also converted from list format back onto their original string form before returning it as
33597: This is an implementation of the ternary operator in Python. It checks whether 'arr' value greater than one, less or equal to zero and
33598: This function checks if the sum of x%y and/or wz is even. If it's odd then return false else true; otherwise
33599: This python function calculates the square of 'Z' and then divides it by its sum with ‘+’ one. The result is returned
33600: This line of the Python script checks whether or not to return from function based on 'mute' flag and specific bit in an integer. If it
33601: This line of the script is creating variables to store id, username and full name. The values are then used in generating HTML tags with specific attributes using
33602: This Python function calculates the ratio of each key's value to all values combined, returning dictionary with ratios as output where keys are original input and
33603: This function adds an extra newlin character at the end of each nonempty input string. If it is already present, then no change occurs on that
33604: This Python function takes in two strings, 'basename', which is the current URL path or domain name; ‘path’ that represents an additional
33605: If no file name provided, default to 'inde' and add '.html'. Else return the original or modified string based on condition in line
33606: This line of the Python script counts how many odd numbers are in an array. It increments by one each time it encounters and number that is
33607: If the lengths are unequal, raise an error. This is because we cannot compare elements in two lists with different sizes without knowing their corresponding values or
33608: This function takes an argument, subtracts one from it and then multiplies the result by three five. It returns that value as output of its
33609: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs. It then checks if the input 'c' is present as keys
33610: If the 'region' variable isn’t set, return an empty string; otherwise convert and lowercase all spaces in its value to remove them from
33611: This function concatenates the given string with an integer number, padding it to ensure that all numbers are at least 3 digits long. If necessary
33612: This function returns the number of row and column in grid.  The first value is equal to length/size or count if 'rows' while second
33613: This Python function calculates the square root of an input number 'x'. It uses Newton's method to find approximate solutions, which converges quickly when
33614: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33615: This function checks whether the given integer is within valid range. 0 to +/-  1,49 and returns true or false accordingly based on
33616: If 'analysis' contains the key named as string, return its value. Else returns an empty dictionary object – one line of python script to
33617: This Python script checks whether the reference dictionary contains either 'username' or ‘ email’. If it does, then return that value; otherwise do
33618: This line of the given Python script is fetching two values from different dictionaries in an efficient way using get() method, which returns either value if
33619: This line of the program is assigning values to variables from an input dictionary. The names and order are hard coded into it, but can be
33620: Checks if the input is an integer of exactly nine digits. If it'is, returns true; otherwise false."""      Code sn
33621: This Python function splits the input string into parts using ':' as separator and then converts these strings to integers before returning their sum in hours
33622: This function returns the bitwise OR of five different flags, each flag is represented by one binary digit. The first two bits are from le limited discover
33623: This Python function takes an input string, checks the last two characters of that “YY/MM” format and converts it to "DD.
33624: This function returns the value of "Key", from dictionary 'YAML Dictionary'.  YML file is read and parsed to extract key, then
33625: This Python function calculates the mean latitude and longitudes of all locations given as input. It does so by summing up their coordinates, then
33626: This function checks whether the inputted 'str' variable, which should be an alphanumeric character or word. If it has one letter and
33627: This Python function performs bitwise operations on an integer. The first operation shifts the bits of v to left by one place, and then masks out
33628: Creates and populates the metadata dictionary with some values. The schema name is deleted from it, as per requirement of task description – Code should
33629: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as tuple of differences, which can be used to calculate
33630: This function splits the input string by ':' and returns an array of substrings.  The first element in returned list is always empty as it
33631: This line of Python script calculates the Zipfs law constant, which is used to measure how many times an item appears in our dataset and thus
33632: This Python function calculates the nth Fibonacci number. It uses recursion to calculate it, but instead of using an iterative
33633: This line of the given C++ program multiplies 'resultado' by an integer variable, and assigns it back to itself. The result is then
33634: This function returns the smallest value between two given values. It uses Python's built in functions to find and compare these minimum/ maximum pairs of numbers
33635: This function returns the full URL of your repository and its default branch reference ID.  It's used in various places where you need to provide information
33636: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33637: This Python script checks the given 'month' variable to determine which season it belongs in. It returns one of four strings, corresponding with each possible value
33638: If the key 'y' is present and its value equals to 10 or greater than any of other values. Else return false; else
33639: This line of the Python script converts all text to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace from string variables 's'. It then checks
33640: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33641: This line of the program creates an empty string variable named 'temporary' and assigns it to be equal with another value. The function then returns
33642: This Python script checks the input string to see whether it matches an expected pattern, and replaces that match with another value in place of matched substring
33643: This Python script splits the HTML data into individual strings based on newline characters and removes any string that contains 'CSRFMIDDLEWA
33644: This function calculates the amount of "padded" space to apply in convolutional layers. The size is determined by kernel and data sizes along with
33645: This function returns different values based on the input parameters. It's used to calculate an income tax according with certain rules, but it doesn’t
33646: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then adds the values of two dictionaries together using their keys as common elements from both dicts into it one
33647: This function checks if the input value is either "UNKNOWN". If it's uppercase, then returns true; otherwise check whether or
33648: This is the first line of your program. It checks whether or not an input string contains any uppercase letters, and returns true/false accordingly."
33649: This python script calculates the three axes of an ellipse given its four points. The first two are calculated from Euclidean distance and third
33650: Increments the values of variables 'x' and 'y'. The function returns new value after incrementing. This is an example to demonstrate how Python
33651: This Python script checks whether the directory name provided as input exists or it creates one with an empty string in case no other argument was passed to function '
33652: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
33653: This line of the Python script checks if URL starts with 'http' and returns True only when it is either starting from local file system, else False
33654: This Python function returns the list of tuples where each tuple contains step name and its corresponding transformation. It only includes those transformations that are non null
33655: This Python script creates an empty array and then populates it with tuples of tokens from the input 'List' along their corresponding positions within that
33656: This line of the script splits an input string into two parts at each period "." and returns only its last part, which is considered as file
33657: This function checks whether the given object 'x' has an attribute named `y`. If it does and its value equals to 10 or
33658: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33659: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning an index based on column number. The formula used here, "c * columns" returns one
33660: This line of Python script returns only the elements from 'lst' where second element is either ‘zero’ or one. It does not include
33661: This function checks whether the given string contains any of several common XML tags. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no
33662: This Python function takes two lists as input, multiplies each element of the first by its corresponding value from second and returns new combined List.  It
33663: If the difference between two points is zero, return constant value. Else calculate and returns slope of line passing through these point(s).   [
33664: This is an example of conditional logic in Python. It checks if the input value 'x' equals 10, and returns true or false accordingly
33665: This Python function checks whether the input `value` can be converted to boolean and returns it as Boolean type or raises an error message otherwise based on its
33666: This function wraps the input within an acceptable range. It checks whether each incoming data point is less than or greater that it'd be in its
33667: This line of the Python script is renaming files in an array. It takes as input filename and extension, then returns only its name without any dots
33668: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space, given their coordinates and an angle θ with respect to each other's
33669: This Python function returns the required fields from an object.  The returned values are in order of effective user, update time and so on... which is
33670: This function returns the given URL if it starts with 'path:' else, otherwise default to https protocol and replace ':', '/' in paths by replacing
33671: This Python script attempts fetching "library path", which is usually used in HSMs, and if it fails then prints an error message with exception
33672: This function returns the list of all files and directories present within current directory using Python's builtin 'os'.  It is used to get information
33673: This Python script splits the input string into three parts and then appends them to an update list, updating that with each iteration until there are no
33674: If the attribute "has_attribute" exists in an object named `mode` then return its value. Otherwise just output it as is; otherwise print
33675: This function returns the cover URLs of an open library book given its ISBN number as input in different sizes ('sm', 'md' and ‘
33676: A function that takes an image and applies the polynomial regression model to it. The result is then used as input in another operation, which can be any
33677: This function takes an input 'soc' and returns the corresponding value based on whether it is within range. If not, then return default values of
33678: This function takes three parameters - 'rgb' color and returns the same RGBA value with an adjusted transparency. The input is expected to be between
33679: This line of the given C++ program returns n shifted to right by 'k' bits and then ANDed with one. The result is returned as
33680: This Python function calculates the power of 'base' to an exponential number. The results is returned as "modulo" value if it exists otherwise
33681: Sets the loglevel of logging to 'VERBOSE' in python.  This is equivalent with setting it as an environment variable LOG_LEVEL
33682: This Python function uses regular expression to find the first word in an input string that starts with one or more alphabets and is followed by zero
33683: This function checks whether the number of slices is equal between an Input and Output shape. If not it prints error messages accordingly else returns true indicating successful execution
33684: This Python function calculates the value of 'base' raised to power '%p', modulo with another number. The result is stored back into variable
33685: Returns the string ' ifx_{}'. The input is an OID group name.  It's used to prefix all output strings with it
33686: This function calculates the value of an exponential decay formula, which is used in many real world applications such as in signal processing and machine learning algorithms to
33687: This Python function checks whether the input string is one of three specific strings, and returns true or false accordingly based on that check; otherwise it will return
33688: This python function calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The length should be same, otherwise it will throw an error and stop
33689: This Python script reads data from the file specified by target\_tfSFilename and converts it into pandas DataFrame object which is then returned
33690: Generates an OIDC configuration object with the given parameters.  The iss parameter is set to 'oidc\_confi\[g\]n
33691: This Python function splits the input string 'seedId' into an array of strings by using dot as separator and returns first element in case it
33692: This script returns the values of several configuration parameters. The 'config' object is used to store these parameter names and their corresponding value in one line string
33693: This Python script calculates the power of 3 by using bitwise operations. The value 'b' is decremented and then multiplied with
33694: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is '(x>>8)' which shifts all bits to right by eight positions and
33695: This Python script calculates the dot product of two 4D vectors using numpy library's broadcasting feature, which is very efficient and fast
33696: This function returns the name of an input file, but only if it's not equal to 'clusterServiceVersion', which is expected in YAM
33697: This function returns the opposite of its input. If it receives an integer, then instead returning 'true' or "ONE", otherwise just saying false/
33698: This function pads the binary representation of an integer with zeros to reach its length equal or greater than another given number. If it's already at
33699: Implemented parallelism in the code. The computation of 'beta' and its derivative is performed using vectorized operations, which are then used to
33700: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding ASCII character. The '+', '-','*'/,'/': are used to perform
33701: This function checks the first part of each line in an input string, and returns different values based on what it finds at that point within "classification
33702: This function calculates the number of output dimensions based on input size, filter parameters and other factors. It is used in convolutional neural networks to determine
33703: This script is designed to find the number of eggs that are new or gestational. It also counts how many adults have these types os genes present at
33704: This Python function compares two distance values and returns an integer indicating the relative position of one in relation to another. If they are equal it will return
33705: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'transitions' object which is expected to be of type TransitionCollection or
33706: If the string starts with 'name' followed by 3 digits, replace it as is; if not then add '.', appended to these
33707: Code is used to create a new instance of the class Task. The constructor takes two parameters, title and dueDate which are set as properties on an
33708: This Python function checks the value of an ioctl operation and returns it in string format. The return depends on whether or not there is any file
33709: This Python function calculates the height of waves by using their properties. The formula is based on physics and involves two parameters - 'waveHeight' which
33710: This Python script creates an output list by removing duplicates from the input 'someList'. The function works as follows - it iteratively checks each element
33711: This Python script generates an SQL INSERT statement with the given values. The number of attributes is determined by finding length difference between 'attributes' and last attribute
33712: This function checks if an IP address is within the private network ranges defined by RFC 4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki
33713: This line of the given Python script multiplies two elements in an array named "terms". The result is returned.  It's assumed that
33714: This function counts the number of times that any character from an inputted word is found to be either lowercase or upper case. It only considers cons
33715: This piece of the program performs bitwise operations on two variables, 'X' and "Y", then computes their XOR. The result is
33716: Code checks whether the string 'content' contains <code></pre> <div style=\"color:#ff6347;font_size
33717: This line of the given Python function returns an expression that is equivalent to shifting 'i' by its value stored in variable "offset".  The shift
33718: This script is used to find the top header of each column and return it if its colspan value exceeds 'field_index'. If not, returns none
33719: Returns the appropriate AMI ID based on OS type and version, or default to Windows Server 4GB NANO base image in case of un
33720: This function checks whether two variables are equal. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as the result of comparison between them in
33721: This function returns the id and whether or not it's been cogorted.  It takes two parameters - 'user', which contains information
33722: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33723: This function returns the type of input as string and format is path.  It's used to validate that all inputs are valid paths in file system
33724: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, n and returns its corresponding value from
33725: This function checks the architecture of an ILP in RV32 format. If it's D or E then returns 'lp64'.
33726: This Python function checks whether the input parameter 'is_a' an instance of class type. If it isn’t then raises and handles exception by
33727: If the input 'KeyValues' list of tuples isn’t provided, return original text; otherwise replace each occurrence within that string with its
33728: Throw an error when either of the input parameters is not greater than 0. If both are, then check whether they're less or equal
33729: This Python function checks the input 'pairs' and raises an error when it is not exactly two elements long. It then returns one element from that
33730: This Python function calculates the maximum possible rectangle that can be formed from an array of images. The rectangles are defined by their coordinates and dimensions as
33731: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from 1 to 'n'. It uses builtin range and list functions. The result is returned
33732: This line of Python function converts the given value to its binary representation. The result is returned in 9 digits long with leading zeros if
33733: This script updates the streams data based on incoming events. If an update is detected it will return true and otherwise false if no changes were made to anything
33734: This function takes two parameters and returns the product of their sum. The first parameter is multiplied by ten to get more than one digit in binary representation
33735: This Python function returns an error JSON object with the provided 'failure' status and custom user defined `"error_msg`. The HTTP Status
33736: A dictionary to store the endpoints of different services.  This is used in various parts like logging, error handling etc..   Code length = 1
33737: This line of the Python script converts bytes to percentages by dividing it with 255 and then multiplying resultant value which is
33738: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned byte with its bit at position 'offset' set to value. The previous state is preserved in
33739: This Python script compares two sequences of DNA or RNA molecules using the specified criteria to determine if they match based on their sequence content only considering specific
33740: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33741: This function returns 1 if the input x is positive, and zero otherwise. It's equivalent to Python builtin bool() but in one line
33742: This Python function calculates the equation y = x^3 + 4.  It takes two parameters, 'a' and b', which are used
33743: This script is used to find the matching id between two lists of dictionaries and create an empty list called "output". It then iterates over each
33744: This function checks the lengths of two lists and raises an error when they don't align. It then returns dictionary comprehension that pairs each element in
33745: This function calculates the value of Delta alpha times time to an exponential power. The result is returned as output from Python's builtin pow
33746: This function checks if the given string is in .NET format and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it has at least 1 dot, more
33747: If the variable ```'IS PATH':``` is True then return its value otherwise it returns name of file or default string “” when no
33748: This function returns the string representation of an object with two integer values. The first value is 'e' and second one are m, n which represent
33749: This Python script checks if stderr is empty and whether or no, it raises an exception when there's more than specified MB. If neither error
33750: If the value of 'm' is greater than 0, then calculate and set values to be used in range calculation. Else adjust one step
33751: A function that returns the specified document's information in JSON format.  The returned object includes "document ID", 'Root', and other details about
33752: This program will return the result of rock, paper or scissors game. It takes two inputs - 'comp' choice by computer player ('c
33753: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the RGB values of that data. The bits are shifted to get each color channel separately using bitwise
33754: This script creates an empty SET, then adds each subarray of 'data' to the new one using Python’s builtin union function and finally
33755: This function calculates the value of an expression based on three variables, p and two multiplied by eight. The result is then doubled using multiplication
33756: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from another nested structure using conditional statements to handle different types of sources ('ensemb',
33757: This Python function converts RGBA colors to grayscale. It takes in three values between 0 and1 representing the red green blue channels of
33758: This script is designed to find the first occurrence of an 'event' that matches certain conditions, and return it if found or else returns none when not
33759: If the 'Target' variable matches with an item or key of dictionary/list then it deletes that from its respective data structure and returns true;
33760: This line of the RGBA function converts an integer into its equivalent in hexadecimal format. The result is then returned as int type,
33761: This line of the given Python script returns an invalid value. The variable 'inval' is multiplied by seven and then assigned to another integer,
33762: This Python function takes two integer inputs, converts them to absolute values and then modulo operation. The result is the sum of these numbers multiplied
33763: This Python function multiplies four variables from two lists and returns the sum of these products. The order in which they are calculated is not specified by any
33764: This simple Python program prints "Hello World!" to the console. The return statement is not used in these types of programs as they are standalone statements
33765: This Python function generates an indexed dictionary where the keys are lengths of substrings and values themselves contain all possible substring combinations with that length. The
33766: This Python function splits the input string into substrings of length 3 or more, and then joins them back together with spaces between each substring
33767: If the sentiment score is greater than 1 or less that (-), it returns either 'Positive', '-ve' ,or Neutral respectively
33768: This line of the given Python script initializes and configures basic settings in python’ Logger module using 'logger name'. If no such attribute exists
33769: This function converts the length of input string to its equivalent number in English, with special cases handled as per requirement and returns zero if no match is
33770: This Python script finds the latest tournament event date from an array of dictionaries. It iterates over each dictionary and checks if it has events, then
33771: Code checks if the number 'i' divides evenly into given input integer "number" and returns whether it finds any factors other than  itself
33772: This function scales the given value from one range to another. It does so by subtracting its original minimum, then dividing that result into how much
33773: If the input 'document' object ('dict', or lists') has keys and values of different types in Python dictionary format then it returns count as per
33774: This Python function returns the first three elements of an input list as dictionaries. The keys are 'QuadKey', ‘ML Predictions’
33775: This function checks if the value of 'site' is within range defined by two values in list/array, i.e., it returns True or
33776: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33777: This Python function checks whether the input "Record" variable contains only dictionaries and then returns another dictionary with values from these nested 'dict' objects as
33778: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an integer and second one should be of type str. It returns substring from start index to end
33779: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with some initial value, then repeatedly halves that number until it finds what we're
33780: This function checks if the given keyword is present within text. If it's found then returns true else false or None depending on whether there are any
33781: This function returns the directory of an input path p, which is equivalent to finding its parent folder in file system structure using Python's builtin '
33782: This Python function takes an input list of strings, and returns the same output with all spaces replaced by underscores sorted in alphabetical order as
33783: This function takes an input 'Q' and returns the minimum value in case of range, else it simply outputs Q.  The variable name is not
33784: This function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm. It takes two numbers as input and returns their greatest common divisor along with coefficients of Bezout
33785: This Python function checks the string value of 'hors' and returns an integer based on whether it matches one or two specific strings. If none match
33786: This Python script checks whether the variable 'dark' is enabled. If it’s true, then return background color as black and text colour white;
33787: If the input 'dict' isn’t of type ‘Dictionary” it returns that same value as output; otherwise converts all keys to string
33788: This Python script is used to extract the "RDF label" from each object within an input list, which are assumed as RDf properties of
33789: This Python script attempts to split an input string into parts using '.' as separator and checks if it's possible or required that each part of
33790: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation based on two points, and returns it as float value or zero in case when denominator is equal
33791: This line of Python script creates an identical copy and sorts the copied data by "name". The sorting is done using dictionary keys as per requirement,
33792: This Python function counts the longest sequence of consecutive elements equal to 'B' or '_'. It uses two variables, `_`and ‘.
33793: This function checks if any of the agents have finished their task. It does so by iterating over each individual's 'dones', which is
33794: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33795: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in relation to its parent's size. The parameters are as follows - base_width(b
33796: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33797: This function calculates the average of two numbers, multiplies it by another number and then divides that resultant value with an additional factor. The
33798: This line of the script splits `searchQuery` into parts and filters out any 'Bag' strings, effectively removing all instances where there is
33799: If the string contains '/', return everything after last occurrence of '//' else, just take whole input as it is – Python Code Snip
33800: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33801: If the input 'list' object isn’t provided as an argument in function ‘dimX()', return empty array. Else calculate and
33802: This Python function calculates the number of bands based on an input width and sets up to calculate how many data points are in each band. The result
33803: If the input 'SplitFields' variable isn’t defined, return null. Else join all fields with plus sign and returns it as string output
33804: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33805: This Python function checks whether the number is divisible by either 1,3 and/or both. If it's not then return true else
33806: If the name is found within 'group', return its value. Otherwise, an empty string will be returned as default result – it's like
33807: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33808: This Python script deletes all non integer keys from the 'beat locations' dictionary. The function iterates over each key of every sublist within that
33809: This function returns the length of string minus count number which is total numbers that are "tilde" characters.  It's used to calculate how many
33810: This Python script calculates the area of triangles formed by two consecutive vertices from an input list 'point'. The first vertex is considered to be at
33811: Checks if the input string contains any non whitespace characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or nothing depending on whether there is an
33812: This function subtracts one from the reciprocal of an input. It'll always result in positive number, as it is taking into account
33813: This function checks if the given variable's numeric representation of its sign. It returns True when it detectes an integer greater than  zero and
33814: This Python function takes in two parameters, value and multiply by. It returns the result of dividing 'value' with ‘multipy
33815: This Python script calculates the average performance of each machine on an Ethernet network by dividing “energy” consumed at one location to another and then
33816: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns how many characters are in string "name" minus two. If it's greater than or
33817: This Python function checks whether the input 'x' is greater than or less then ‘high’ and returns either that value, depending on which condition
33818: This function returns the length of set g.  It is similar to Python's built in "len" method, but it works on sets instead
33819: This Python script attempts to convert the value of "width", which is stored in an element's child dictionary under key 'size', into floating point
33820: This function checks whether the coordinates x, y are within bounds of an array with length 'L'. If they're not it returns false. Otherwise
33821: This Python function calculates the number of different combinations to reach an amount 'm' from given denominations. The conditions are as follows; If m
33822: This Python function calculates the average of three numbers and returns them as two separate variables 'X' & Y'. The calculation is done by adding up
33823: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both point pairs are provided as parameters and then it updates
33824: This function checks if the rectangle defined by two points in each of x/a & y coordinates is within another given rectangular region.  The four parameters
33825: This Python script returns two file paths to the CSS and JavaScript files of Tethys GIZMOS, which is an open source web application framework
33826: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33827: This function checks if the string starts with an uppercase or lower case letter and then contains only alphanumeric characters. It does not check whether
33828: This line of the Python function returns tuples with values rounded to nearest whole number. The first two elements are calculated by multiplying corresponding pairs from
33829: This Python function takes an input of 'article' dictionary and returns the values in that same order. The output is also returned as list with 7
33830: This line of the program is setting up variables to store values from 'boxA' object. The four elements are assigned in order - x coordinate
33831: This function checks if the order is greater than, less or equal but also determines whether there's positive/negative impacts. If it meets all conditions
33832: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and subtraction
33833: If the pretraining vectors are not provided, it defaults to 'own'. Otherwise; split and take first part of filename.  This allows us
33834: This Python function splits the input string by ".", then takes second part of split result and removes all non alphanumeric characters to get only
33835: This line of the Python script returns an integer value that represents time in milliseconds. The function takes as input 'time' and multiplies it
33836: This line of the Python script converts an input string to its equivalent floating point value after stripping any leading or trailing '%' and '\n
33837: This line of the Python script converts an input string to its equivalent in seconds and then divides it by five thousand as required."  ---
33838: This Python function calculates the total of all numbers from zero to limit that are divisible by either three, five ,or both. It uses list
33839: This Python function calculates the linear regression line's y intercept and gradient. The equation is m * x + b, where 'y',
33840: Calculates the force applied to move an object in response with gravity, considering its initial velocity and acceleration due … [TRUNCATED]...
33841: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33842: This Python function converts all lowercase letters to upper case and leaves other characters as they are, then joins the list of converted strings into one string
33843: This function replaces two specific characters in the URL with slashes and underscores. It also converts double hyphens to single ones if they
33844: This function calculates the rotation matrix using Euler angles in radians and returns two values which are both calculated from these inputs respectively; one is '
33845: This Python function splits the input string into parts using underscores, then converts each of these to CammelCase by capitalizing first letter
33846: If the student's test scores are above 8, they get +${result} point bonus. Otherwise no points will be given to them
33847: Code is an example of how to create and use the Job object in the Scheduler library. The job name can be set as 'job',
33848: This line of Python script calculates the total surface or "area" between two points, given their coordinates.  The formula is derived from geometry and
33849: Code to generate random numbers in Python. 10,364 and -789 are generated using the randint function from python
33850: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries, each containing information about one directory from the given 'files' input array
33851: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33852: This line of the given Python script is extracting all but one bound box coordinates from 'cv2.Rectangle' objects in list "cvc
33853: This Python script calculates the square root of 'num' and then rounds it to get two nearest integer values, which are used as dimensions in an
33854: This function returns zero when the input is in full view. In valid and same modes it calculates minimum of two numbers minus one to avoid negative values
33855: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33856: This Python script filters out any 'None' values from the four lists.  The filtered list(s), which are now empty due to these null
33857: This Python function tries to convert the input variable into either an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception like in
33858: Returns the uptme log directory of an object.  This is used to store logs from different instances in one place and retrieve them later on if
33859: This function returns the type of trip based on its length. It checks whether it's too long, medium or short depending upon how far away from
33860: This Python function returns the ASCII values of each character present within an entered string.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively process and convert every
33861: This function takes in two coordinates as input. It checks if the first coordinate is within range of width 'w' with respect to horizontal axis while also
33862: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
33863: This python function calculates the ratio of two numbers, multiplied by another number and divided with one more value which is also calculated from these values but
33864: This function checks whether the first value is greater than or equal to second. If it's true then returns minimum of max between two bounds else return
33865: This function takes two arguments. If both are integers then it returns the product of them else return None or some other value depending on your preference/logic
33866: This Python script attempts to read the file specified by filename and checks if it exists or is empty using an "if" statement within its context manager that
33867: This Python script converts two strings into sets of unique tokens, ignoring case and splitting on whitespace or punctuation marks using the split() function
33868: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
33869: This Python function takes as input the list of Nodes and returns their concatenated data, which is then converted to string using join() method with an
33870: Finds the first occurrence of '||' in an input string, and returns everything after it. If no such character is found then just outputs whole
33871: This line of the script creates an array that contains tuples where each tuple consists two elements. The first element from every pair within 'spec'
33872: This script is used to generate an arbitration ID based on the source id, message type and identifier. The function takes three parameters - `message`
33873: This line of the given Python script returns length or number 'n' in matrix. The first element is considered as 1st row and second one
33874: This Python script generates two lists from the given 'service config' list and append them to form an overall state of all machines that can be configured with
33875: This function takes two strings as input, checks if each character of the first string is present within another. If it'isn’t already added
33876: This Python function calculates the time difference between two points in terms of hour/minute and second. It takes as input 'start' &amp;
33877: This function returns the first element of epi and its second item from list.  It's used to get data required by other functions in our
33878: This Python function attempts to return the values of certain parameters from an input dictionary. If these keys are not found in that particular object, it returns '
33879: If DEBUG is set in the configuration, it will print "pre build ex", and then return none. This function does not do anything else with its
33880: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and returns third component if it exists, otherwise an empty string is returned in case of no
33881: If either 'x' or ‘y’ is less than ten, the function returns their product. Otherwise it just multiplies them together and then
33882: This function calculates the surface area of an object with given density and volume, using formula derived from physics principles like Hooke's law or G
33883: This script is used to list the devices in an IOS CLI command. It takes two parameters and executes it as one line of shell commands
33884: This Python script filters out the information from certain 'cache' based on minimum number of sites and chromosome it is located at respectively; then append
33885: This line of the given Python script converts both variables to integers and then compares them. The larger one is returned, otherwise it returns either variable
33886: This Python function calculates the ratio of each color in an RGB image by dividing their respective values with some constants and then multiplies them together to
33887: This function returns the priority of an alert based on its 'severty' level. Criticals have higher priorities than highs, and medium/
33888: If the input number 'n' is less than or equal to 1, return an empty dictionary. Otherwise continue with other operations as per your program
33889: This Python function takes an integer input of 'seconds' and returns the equivalent in years/days format using only integers as output values without any floating point
33890: A dictionary object with five properties. The first three are strings and the last one is an integer which indicates whether or not to initialize some variables in other
33891: If the variable 'name' is defined then return string with first and last names otherwise returns default message.  Code snippet provided in question was
33892: This function returns the start and end index of each slice in an array. The size is determined by 'chunk' which can be any number but
33893: This Python script calculates the value of 'a' in relation to its absolute and relative values, and then returns ‘zero’ if it is
33894: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the same data but with its columns arranged into rows. If no argument is provided or
33895: This Python function finds the indices of elements that exist both within two lists, sorts them and returns these as output list which is also sorted by default if
33896: This function checks if the input 'Value' exists within an array of predefined levels. If it doesn’t exist then raises and handles error
33897: This Python function returns the specified parameters as dictionary. The returned object includes 'Classfication', ‘Trades Flow’ and other details about an
33898: This Python script creates two lists and one string from the input 'lst' which is then appended to them with some calculations on each element of
33899: This line of the Python script splits 'this' into two parts, then takes only one part and finally returns it as output from function call in
33900: Checks if the current node in AST has type 'Expr', head equal to string value of itself, args contains specific substring ("is_
33901: This Python script converts the 'nodes' dictionary into an equivalent object with public keys as properties and values.  It uses list comprehension to create
33902: This line of Python script truncates the table specified by 'table' parameter. The result is that all data in it will be deleted, but not
33903: This python function calculates the smallest positive integer that is divisible by all numbers in an array. The loop continues until it finds such number, or
33904: This Python function checks if the given number or string inputted by user, returns True when it's palidromic and False otherwise.
33905: This line of the function checks if there are any positive or negative reviews in both "positive" and “negatives” categories. If so,
33906: If there are any elements within the 'close' list then it calculates and returns average distance between them. Else return zero as no valid data
33907: If the length of vector is 3, it returns two values calculated by multiplying corresponding elements in three cells. The first and second are computed based
33908: Return the first element of list 'lst' only when all elements are equal. Otherwise, returns "None".  This is similar to Pythonic
33909: This Python function checks whether the value of 'p' is greater than or equal to 1. If it does not meet these conditions then an error
33910: If the topics are equal then return true; else check last character of subscriptions is same as first char or it's an addition sign "/"
33911: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that these points
33912: This function takes in the 'request' string, finds out if it contains an opening or closing HTML tag using "><" as delimiters;
33913: This function checks if the first character of filename is not an underscore or dot. If it isn’t, then returns True; otherwise False
33914: This function maps an index to its corresponding ids from two dictionaries using linear search through their respective keys/values pairs as well returning both 'None
33915: This Python script filters out links that are either too short, contain non digit characters at the sixth position and start with an underscore. It also removes
33916: This Python function converts the string input of an 'interval' into its corresponding time unit, e..g., year -> yr or monthly
33917: This function checks whether the given 'key' is present as an element of dictionary. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false or None depending
33918: This Python function generates all the prime numbers up to 'x' using an efficient method of finding divisibility by ‘all’ integers from [
33919: If the last two characters of 'Name' are neither db nor DB, appends ‘DB’ to it and returns modified string Name; otherwise
33920: If the input 'level' is equal to or greater than four times, return zero. Otherwise it returns one of two values depending on whether its value
33921: This Python script counts the number of page views. It starts with setting ```numberOfPageViews``` to ​zero, then increments
33922: This function converts an integer into its corresponding ASCII character. The input is divided by two, and the remainder of that division gives us our position
33923: This condition checks if the current value of "state['n']" is equal to one less than its old, plus it also verifies that '
33924: This Python function takes in time string as input and converts it into total number of seconds, which is the equivalent to given duration expressed by hour/
33925: This Python function calculates the product of each coefficient with its degree and returns their total. It uses `zip` to pair up coefficients & degrees together
33926: Generates an HTML anchor tag with the given text and link.  The output is formatted as '[Text] - [Link].' e,
33927: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two variables, 'x' and/or "y". The terms are calculated in order
33928: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product.  The result is calculated by multiplying the corresponding elements of both arrays together, then
33929: This script is used to load fonts from the specified paths and store them in memory as Font objects, which can be accessed by their names or indices when
33930: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33931: Attempt to retrieve the 'physpath' from an incoming request, else raise exception if it doesn’t exist in that case return None –
33932: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on '.' character and returns second part if it exists, else return first one with no
33933: Returns True if the latitute is greater than 0, False otherwise in Python programming language using boolean data type and comparison operators like '>'. This
33934: This Python function returns the vocabularies of each word from an input list. It uses dictionary comprehension to map tokens and their corresponding values,
33935: This function checks whether the given 'Channel' is present as key of json object "cachedJson". If it exists, returns its value; otherwise
33936: This function splits the input string by underscore and then converts first character to upper case. The rest of characters are converted into their respective capital
33937: This Python function checks the values read from an input list. If they are less than one million, it returns them as kilobytes ('X
33938: This Python function finds all the prime numbers up to 'n' by using trial division method and returns them in an array format as well their corresponding div
33939: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33940: This Python script reverses the order of each line within an input list. The 'range' function is used to iteratively go through all elements,
33941: This function takes an integer and returns the rounded value of x divided by 1.0, which is equivalent to multiplying with one less than itself
33942: This Python script returns an array of dictionaries, each dictionary represents the menu entry. The "class","url," and “label” are all
33943: This Python function returns the average of two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively add corresponding elements from both input arrays and then divide by half
33944: This line of the Python function returns an input string without any leading or trailing whitespace characters, effectively stripping it from its surrounding spaces if they
33945: This Python function calculates the F1 Score based on Precision and Recal. The formula used is “F=(beta^)(
33946: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'ct' list has an element at index 3 and its value equals to either soft or hardware
33947: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33948: This script reads commands from the input and stores them into an array, but only if they are within quotes or spaces; otherwise it will be stored as
33949: If the variable 'mmsi' does not exist, return false. Otherwise check whether its length equals 9 and returns it as result of function
33950: This Python function calculates the equation y=(a−b)/[c+d*exp^((f/(g)))] where parameters are
33951: This Python script converts the given dictionary into another format where keys are parameter names without 'Ph' prefix and values remain as strings only using dictionaries
33952: This Python function returns an empty dictionary with the request ID and error payload. The 'message' parameter is expected to contain information about what device turned off
33953: Code is calculating the numeric value of an expression. The input to your function will be two numbers, 'left' and ‘Right’ which
33954: This Python script takes command line arguments and converts them into options. It uses the first character of each argument as an option, with its value following
33955: If the number is zero, returns one. Else it continues to check other conditions and finally ends up returning some value based on those checks in different
33956: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
33957: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33958: If the 'whole' is zero, return result as it would be undefined. Otherwise calculate and returns percentage of parts in relation to total number given by
33959: This Python script is used to extract the length and width from an input string of 'length x widest' format in form [LXWN
33960: This function converts decimal degrees to hours and returns the result in form of tuple. If input is negative it first makes sure that value becomes positive by
33961: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33962: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
33963: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
33964: This line of the Python script cleans up an input string by replacing all occurrences in it that look like dictionary definitions with 'ordered dict'.
33965: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the pattern "location" and return an integer if it matches, else returns 'standard'. If no matching result
33966: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an object named 'facet' with its value being defined by order index ('{}{}') along
33967: This function checks whether the string '' is present at both ends of another word. If it does, then return true; otherwise false or an error
33968: This Python function checks whether the number is divisible by either three, five ,or both. If it's true then adds that value to '
33969: This Python function converts hyphenated paths to underscores. For example, the input "/home/user/" will be converted into "-h
33970: “Replies with the string '{}' in format {}”. The function is used to generate unique names based on replication number."""  ```
33971: This Python script splits the input text into individual 'words' and then capitalizes certain specific keywords ('AND', ‘OF’). The result
33972: This function returns the coordinates of all four neighbors in an image. The order is top left to bottom right clockwise from outside towards inside and then counter
33973: This Python function splits the input string into two or three components based on '.' character and returns them as tuple if they are valid; otherwise it
33974: This is the formula to calculate average of two numbers.  It takes into account both magnitudes and scales, giving an overall better understanding than just sum
33975: If the input 'expansions' variable type in Python scripting language. It returns an expanded string otherwise it will return first character of that object
33976: This Python function calculates the arithmetic mean of two numbers. It takes in parameters '(', ',')' and returns their result as an output
33977: This function checks if the file name ends with "_tests" followed by ".golang", either "". Go"" ,"or ""." .
33978: This function checks if the input x is within range from 'a' to ‘b’. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
33979: This function filters out the links that are already present. It does so by checking if any of these URLs exist within another list, and only then
33980: If the input 'tissue_classes' variable contains only one file name ending with "segsg", it will return that single valid NIf
33981: This function checks whether the given number is within specified range. If it's not, then return either minimum or maximum value based on which falls outside
33982: This line of the Python script creates symbolic link from one file to another. The '{}' is replaced by `to` and it will be used
33983: This function takes in the filename of an ipnybook file and returns its basefilename with extension removed if it is one from certain types (.jup
33984: This Python script takes an input string of options and converts it into dictionary format using the provided syntax "KEY1" or simply KEY." The function
33985: This Python script calculates the mean of each list item and stores them into an array, then returns that final resultant data structure which is essentially all
33986: Returns dictionary with items where the second element is not 'none' or empty string, otherwise it removes that item from original data structure and returns new one
33987: This function compares the maximum of two strings and minimum from another pair. It returns True if string ‘max’ is less than 'min'
33988: This line of the given Python script is returning last part from an 'image' reference string which usually ends with '.jpg','.png','jpeg
33989: This function calculates the values of three functions and returns them in an array as per given conditions; it takes two parameters 'points' which is expected
33990: This function checks if every pair of consecutive elements is the same. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether there are any
33991: This line of the program is converting an uppercase character to lower case.  It's doing so based on what type 'c', it receives
33992: A list of length 'n' filled with zeros, where each element is ‘one’ and the last one being an integer value equal to
33993: This Python function takes as input an NxN matrix and returns the transpose of that Matrix, where each row becomes column from original one respectively..
33994: This function calculates the area of an ellipse with given semi major axis 'k' and width at origin.  The formula used is A
33995: Generates list of HTML anchor tags from the given arguments. Each argument is expected to be 3 elements long and represents an item with 'title'
33996: This Python function calculates the number of control points that are above or equal to some value. It uses an iterative approach where it checks each point
33997: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from k to ((3*m)/4 + 6). The formula is derived by solving an equation
33998: This Python function converts an input string to the number of units specified by its last character. It uses dictionaries and exception handling techniques as part if
33999: This Python function performs an operation on the data. It checks whether 'bit' is set in binary representation of number, and then shifts that value to
34000: This Python script generates the coordinates of points within an ellipse defined by its major axis lengths 'a' & b'. The result is returned as
34001: If the input 'sequence' object isn’t of type String then raise an error. “Sequence” refers to any sequence data structure in Python
34002: This script calculates the ratio of each element' count to its corresponding length from two dictionaries, then returns these ratios as new dictionary entries with their
34003: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it was reversed. However instead of repeating each character twice like normal reverse
34004: This Python script splits the input string 'joinedFields', which is separated by "+|" and checks if it starts with an exclamation
34005: This Python script tries to find the path value from an input dictionary, if it exists and its type matches with string then return that else returns default_
34006: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an inverse gradient value, which is used in backpropagation to adjust weights during training process by
34007: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34008: This function returns the cross product of two 4D vectors. The result is represented as three numbers in form [a, b ,c]. Each
34009: This Python function is used to select one file from the list of all available ones. The number 'worker' refers specifically as an index in parallel processing
34010: This function checks if the given list of numbers is sorted. If it's not, then returns True; otherwise False or an empty string depending on
34011: This function converts the 'compiler' and ‘Build Type’ to lower case, then checks if they are either both equal or one of them
34012: This function checks if all characters of the input string are digits using Python's builtin is_integer method and returns True or False accordingly based
34013: If no label is provided or the given list of unknown/unknown keys are found then it returns an empty dictionary else translates all available key names to
34014: This Python function checks whether the input is either 'true' ('data') in case insensitive manner. If it matches, returns true; otherwise false
34015: This Python script calculates the mean absolute difference between predicted and real values. The function 'abs' is used to get only positive differences, which makes
34016: This function returns the result of dividing 'x' by its reciprocal, but only when it is less than or equal to five and greater
34017: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
34018: If the student's test scores are above 9, they get +4. Else check their grades and assign points accordingly using an IF/
34019: This function takes as input the name of an image file and returns two values - its "familiy" part ("the first word after hyp
34020: Returns the integer value of particle name. If 'none' is passed in as input it returns None; if any other string isn’t recognized by
34021: Counts the number of non-"[pad]" tokens.  Code is counting from start to end, and returns count when it encounters "end
34022: This Python function takes as input an integer or float number, and returns the same numbers from that array but without zeros using List Comprehension
34023: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34024: This Python function evaluates an expression based on its type and content using the provided global mutable variable `mu` – it can handle arithmetic
34025: This Python script generates an array of zeros and ones based on the value at each index. If 'item' is equal to one, it returns
34026: This function checks if the input string is enclosed in square brackets or curly brakets.  It uses regular expressions to do so,
34027: If the array 'array' has no elements or all of them equal to ‘zero’ then it returns an element with value one. Otherwise return
34028: This Python function retrieves the standard from dictionary 'd' based on its key/name provided as an argument and returns it if found; otherwise return
34029: Code returns True if the two longitudes are in opposite directions or they're very far apart. If so it checks whether their difference is more than
34030: Code checks the temperature in Farenheight and returns different responses based on whether it's below zero, negative or above 18.6F
34031: This Python script splits the MIME type into its main part and parameters using ':' as separator then stores them to dictionary format with key being
34032: This function splits the input path into its components and then joins them back together with '.' as separator.  It's used to convert
34033: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'oid' list.  It is equivalent to slicing operation on an array or any other
34034: This Python function takes in an input list of strings, and returns the same string with each element enclosed by double quotes on either side except last one
34035: This line of Python script replaces special characters in the string with their HTML entities to prevent them from being interpreted as markup by browsers or other software
34036: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on each pixel in 'image' and normalizing it to be between [−∞,
34037: This function checks if the number is odd or even and returns either 'weirder' ('W') based on that. 0,14
34038: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type matches either an integer or floating point. If it doesn’t match these types then raises
34039: This Python function returns the string 's' if it does not contain any null bytes ('\x00'), otherwise, return an empty String or
34040: If the input is zero it returns 'zero'. ElseIf its one then just returning that. For negative numbers throws an error message indicating wrong domain
34041: This Python function converts RGB values to hexadecimal. It multiplies each of the three input parameters by two, rounds them and then concaten
34042: This function takes an input document and returns the same data type but with any class or module names removed from it using Python's builtin functions like
34043: This Python function calculates the factorial of 'n' by using looping and multiplication. The result is returned as answer variable which holds ‘
34044: Generates list of query parameters keys as string joined by "-"  from the given 'tests' object, if it exists else returns an empty array
34045: This line of the Python script checks if 'int' type variable v exists. If it does exist then returns True else False or None in case no
34046: This function returns all the object(s), with an "id" matching provided, from list of dictionaries.  It'll be used to
34047: This Python script counts the number of times an element is larger than its previous one. It does so by iterating over all elements except first and last
34048: This function is used to calculate the minimum of two numbers and subtracts an exponential decay factor based on their difference or zero if they are equal;
34049: This line of the given Python script splits an input string 'action' into two parts using '_'. The first part is stored in variable named as
34050: This Python function calculates the value of 'z' in equation 3/6 * sqrt(sqrt((789+v)/(-
34051: This script calculates the size of all disks used by each virtual machine and stores them as dictionary entries with their names being keys to another dict called '
34052: This Python script iterates over the rows and columns of an input list, replacing any 'NaNs', or missing data points. It does so
34053: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty string with length equal to 'i' and filling it up by repeating character ‘s’
34054: This Python function calculates the volume of an object with given dimensions. The input is three numbers representing length and width respectively which are then used to calculate
34055: If the input is zero, return its original form. Otherwise calculate and then add an offset to it based on scaling factor of 's'. The result
34056: This Python script splits the file name into its directory and subdirectory, then extracts an integer from it using regular expressions to get just digts
34057: This python script creates and populates the dictionary 'score_ma' with scores as keys, corresponding letters of English alphabet in list format. The
34058: This Python script returns the string 'ANSI color' in list format. The first element is ‘"16". It also contains an array
34059: This Python function reverses the order of pairs within list 'R' and returns it as new List "Inv R". The original pairing is not
34060: "Creates an instance of the given class in python, with methods that allow you …"""   # complete your sentence here...    Code ends
34061: This function checks if the three numbers are in ascending order.  It does so by comparing each number to its next one, then checking whether it
34062: This line of the given Python script returns how many times my string is split by space character, which means it counts number and types separated spaces in your
34063: This Python script is used to filter out the records that have SD caption 'exist'. The filtered result will be stored as dictionary.  It uses
34064: This Python function calculates the value of pi using an approximation method based on Stirling's Approximation formula, which is used to calculate
34065: This Python script repeatedly subtracts ‘m’ from 'n' until it is less than or equal to zero. It then increments the
34066: This Python script checks the extension of an input filename and returns its corresponding Mongodb or SQL database name if it is one, otherwise return original fil
34067: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that is equivalent to subtracting each element from another. The two lists are zipped together and then
34068: This script converts the 'height' and ‘’ birth year to string. It is used on dataframe of processed dataset which contains information about
34069: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between document length and total number documents. If no specific maximum value has been provided, it defaults to
34070: Sorts the list of dictionaries by third element in each dictionary, ascending order – Pythonic way to sort lists with multiple keys and values
34071: If the 'encode' variable is 0, return string corresponding to its value. Otherwise it returns an error message otherwise."  ---> This
34072: This function swaps the order of two numbers. If 'First' is less than ‘Second’ it returns them in reverse sequence otherwise they are
34073: This Python script calculates the result of an operation on each digit in 'i' and returns it. The only exception is when "if" condition
34074: This function converts the input in Bytes into Megabyte. If an error occurs, it raises and handles with exception; otherwise returns as floating
34075: If the string 'spec' is found within another variable, return true. Otherwise it returns false; otherwise check whether or not to execute further operations on
34076: This Python function takes in an array of numbers and returns the first, second or all elements as well 'as' constant. If there are more than
34077: This Python script uses regular expressions to parse an input string and extract the number of steps in each line if it matches with specific formatting rules defined by
34078: This Python script calculates the distance between two points using absolute value of difference. The result is stored into variable 'distance'.  It's used
34079: This function checks if the given 'filename' has an acceptable format or not based on its extensions and returns true/false accordingly, considering that it only
34080: If the first part of an input string starts either as -- followed by any number characters and then another two dashes - it is prefixed to be
34081: This function calculates the degrees and minutes of an angle in decimal form from its absolute value using Python's builtin functions like `int()`
34082: This Python script splits the string on spaces and returns either yellow or white depending upon whether it's brown, grey etc., else return original input
34083: This Python script splits each string on whitespace and returns the list of integers extracted from second word to end, ignoring any leading zeros or
34084: This function calculates the number of intertransits in one second. It takes as input 't' which is time duration and returns an integer value
34085: This Python function adds the first elements of two lists. It takes in 3 parameters - 'num_list' and returns their sum as tuple ('
34086: Removes the first and last character of string 'jsonString' using Python.  It is used to remove double quotes from json data received in form
34087: This line of the function returns an element from 'frequency band' list by its name. If it doesn’t exist then return "None".
34088: This line checks whether the value of 'flag' and its bitwise AND operation with number `8` is equal to zero. If it does,
34089: This function returns the year and quarter as strings in format YYYY-"QU" – e.g., '1984"-'
34090: This function checks whether the input 'polynomial' object ('list') contains another lists. If it does then scales each sublists of polynomial by
34091: This function checks if the time variable 't' is within range from start to stop.  If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or
34092: Returns True if the parameter 'None' string value has been passed in; otherwise returns False/True depending on whether it’s either an instance of
34093: This line of the script checks whether an 'Item' title contains either word ("North", then, followed by another space and letter("L"), finally
34094: This function returns the scope and name of an object as concatenated string.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in various contexts, such like
34095: This line of the given Python script returns all dictionary entries from 'data' where its first key is found within list/keys.  It does so
34096: This function checks if the number of followers 'A' is greater than that in user profile, followed by comparing it with another variable. If both conditions
34097: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34098: This script attempts to connect the client with one or more ports from an IP and Port range provided by user inputted string formatting of 'ipAddress
34099: This function calculates the alpha dot product of two vectors, which is equivalent to multiplying each component by its corresponding value in another vector and then sum
34100: This function takes in two points and returns the coordinates of those pixels on an image. The floor() is used to ensure that we only get whole numbers
34101: This function checks if the given string contains any of "publi", “priva”, and/or 'protect' keywords in its beginning
34102: Code calculates the compound Interest of an investment. It takes in parameters - Name(str), Amount to Investment with Decimal Points as
34103: If the remove orphaned option isn't set in settings then it will be automatically enabled by default and saved to disk with value true/false
34104: If no 'value' dictionary provided in the request then it will create an empty one. Otherwise use existing value and append to that or update with new
34105: Generates the command to run regressive sampling on NIFTY data.  If reference, floating point values are provided; otherwise they're
34106: This Python function calculates the Factoria of an inputted integer. It starts with 0 as its initial value and multiplies it by each positive
34107: This function pads the input string with leading zeros to make it length of five characters. If original frame is less than or equal zero then returns an
34108: This script attempts to fetch the IP address of an Ethernet network adapter using 'subproc' module in Python, but it catches any exception that might
34109: This Python function converts hexadecimal color codes into RGB values. The input is assumed to be an array of characters where the first two elements
34110: This function replaces ":" with 3 zeros and "/" in the file name to make it valid as URLs using percent encoding technique,
34111: If the user is found, return their login. Otherwise returns "None".  Code snippet provided by you to solve problem statement of an interview
34112: If the number of clics is greater than or equal to 0, it returns an empty dictionary. Otherwise return None; else block will be sk
34113: If the value of 'p' is greater than or equal to zero and less then one, return its reciprocal else just take that number as
34114: This line of Python script calculates the power function, which is used to calculate “exponentiation” in mathematics and returns an approximation based on
34115: This Python function calculates the Hue value of an RGB color based on its lightness and saturation values in range [min_val;maxVal
34116: This Python function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. If input is less than zero or not an integer it raises error
34117: This function checks if the given object has an attribute named 'tag' and its value is equal to string literal of “error”. If it
34118: This function returns the major and minor version numbers of an application.  The versions are returned as tuples in Python, where "Major."
34119: This Python function calculates the velocity of an electron in terms its charge. It takes as input 'r' which is distance from center, and returns
34120: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34121: This program generates a DNA sequence based on the given nucleotide pairs. It uses dictionary to map each pair of bases and then generates random sequences by
34122: This Python function checks the type of input 'N' and performs different actions based on its types or values; it rounds off to nearest integer when float
34123: This line of Python script calculates the difference between Julian day number and reference value, then divides by another constant to normalize it into years
34124: This Python function calculates the midpoint of two given points. It takes in four parameters - '(a)' and '-' which are supposed to
34125: If the input is less than or equal to one, it returns zero. Otherwise - does nothing and simply continues with next line of program execution until end
34126: This function takes two arguments - 'headers', which is the list of headers and their corresponding values in tabular format; ‘lines’ that are
34127: This Python script calculates the total of absolute values from an integer number. It does so by converting each digit to its corresponding int, taking their magnitude
34128: This Python script checks whether the current python interpreter is at least v.16 and less than/equal to but not equal(<=v
34129: This Python script splits the input string by ',' and creates an empty dictionary, then it iterates over each split element to further break down into
34130: This function checks if the number of elements in 'Shape' is greater than 3, then it returns True only when last element equals to or less
34131: This Python function calculates the difference between two values. The result is returned as an array with both errors in one line of output using tuple unpacking
34132: If the variable 'None' or an empty string, it sets up arcGIS tracking URL to be blank. Else - appends ?Portal
34133: This Python script returns the machine, architecture and scripts path from given dictionary.  The returned data is in JSON format which can be used to create an
34134: This function returns True if the product of two vectors is negative. If so it means that one vector points in opposite direction to another; otherwise False will
34135: Checks whether given input is an AMD, NVIDIA or one of its variants. If it's not found then throws LookUp Error with appropriate message
34136: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns one list with the same elements from both of them but without duplicates using set operations instead if they
34137: This function takes two parameters, 'pw' and ‘profile’. It returns the string concatenation of three parts separated by underscores
34138: This function checks if the given filename is one of several possible filnames related to marker files used by Allen Brain Atlas project's data processing
34139: Code is used to generate a simple HTML page with an embedded JavaScript function. The ‘return’ statement in the JS file will output text into our
34140: This line of the given Python script returns "feature['\_ links \' assets \]" which is an attribute in JSON format. It refers to '
34141: This Python script converts the dictionary 'versions' into another format where keys are lowercased and values remain as they were but with all characters converted
34142: This Python function splits the first word of an input string and attempts to convert it into either integer or floating point number, depending on whether that part
34143: This script is designed to return the name of one random element from an array. The elements are 'Frank', ‘Brian’, and `
34144: This Python function takes in parameters and adds them to the list of lines as dictionaries, then returns these dictionary objects along with other information about which tiles
34145: Returns True if the value is an uppercase string, False otherwise – Code snippet to convert all lower case characters in input into their corresponding
34146: This line of Python script checks whether the given input is either 'NaN' ('none') and returns `null` in that case. Otherwise,
34147: This function calculates the result of multiplying two numbers and then taking modulo with an arbitrary number. The value returned is equivalent to performing multiplication,
34148: If the output file is one and it ends with .lib., return true. Else, check next item else false or not found any such files
34149: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each element of the 'list' and adds it to our new count dictionaries as keys
34150: This function checks if the given number is within any range in an array of sorted integer arrays. If there's only one element, it returns whether
34151: This Python function splits the input 'string' by delimeter and returns only first part of it which is not empty or None in case when there
34152: If the values are out side 98, it raises an error. Otherwise return their summation result from function "add". The input parameters should
34153: This line of Python script returns the range from min to maximum value inclusive. It's equivalent in functionality and efficiency with other similar functions like numpy
34154: This Python script splits the input string into individual "words", then sorts each of those letters and counts how many times it appears, storing these results
34155: This Python script converts the given currency from one type to another. The conversion rate is fetched using an API and then applied on 'converted
34156: This function calculates the value of an equation based on input parameters. The formula is as follows, and it returns 'x' in each iteration until
34157: This Python function checks the base filename and raises an error when it's either missing or in wrongly formatted, then returns four elements from that file
34158: This Python function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points in an m x n grid. The input is 'value' which represents one of these
34159: This Python function calculates the geometric mean of two numbers, but if one or both are zero it returns ‘None’ instead and also handles negative
34160: This Python function splits the input string by an underscore character and capitalizes each of its individual parts, then joins them back together with no spaces
34161: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34162: This function calculates the surface area of an object with three dimensions, i.e., length x width and height respectively using formula given in problem statement
34163: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionary objects and returns another one with keys from each original Dictionary. The values are taken directly form corresponding D
34164: This Python function splits the inputted comma separated strings into key/value tuples and returns them as dictionary format, else it simply return an
34165: This Python function checks the value of an input string and returns its corresponding index in list or raises error message when it's invalid/unrecognized
34166: Code that replaces hyphens with spaces and then converts the string to upper case.  It also removes all white space from both ends of text
34167: This Python function generates an id with 3 digits, then formats it as one hundred million. The result is returned in integer form to avoid overflow
34168: Checks if the string value is one of 'True', ‘Yes’, or an integer equal to `0`. If it's
34169: This Python script calculates the Euclidean Distance between two lists of numbers. The function takes as input both list, and returns an output which is
34170: This Python function takes as input an ordered list of tuples and returns the keys from those tuple pairs that have matching values with 'value'.
34171: This Python script checks the performance of an algorithm by comparing its predictions with actual values. If there are no true labels or all predicted outputs match those from
34172: If the input sequence isn't one of these types - return it as an array. Otherwise convert to its type and then into another format or structure
34173: Code to convert an array of numbers into binary format. (Note that the input is assumed as integers and output should be in string form.)
34174: This Python function returns an RDFS label, comment and see also properties of the given parameters. The returned object is used to create new triples
34175: This line of the Python script returns one less than total number elements in 'Geometry' list. It is used to calculate index difference between last element and
34176: This Python function takes an input string of 8 bits, and returns the same number as output. The task is to flip every pair from left side
34177: This Python function counts the number of occurrences an element is found within list.  It uses 'for' loop to iterates over each item
34178: This Python script calculates the total area of all image blocks. It iteratively goes through each "imgbloc" object and multiplies its width
34179: This variable is used to store the names of metrics that are calculated and compared. The values stored here correspond with those returned by different functions or methods,
34180: This function checks whether the two numbers are both negative, one positive. If so it returns true; otherwise false is returned as per condition in problem statement
34181: Creates an empty dictionary called 'new_dict' and assigns it to the variable "myDict".  It then prints out that my
34182: This function deletes the substring from given position to end of line.  It returns new modified text with deleted part removed and original length is returned
34183: This Python function takes in the name of an object, splits it into its components using "." and checks if there is any module part (".")
34184: This function checks the type of an object and returns its corresponding value based on certain conditions or rules defined by it's properties, such as whether to
34185: If the string is empty or starts with "0" and contains only one character that isn’t an alphanumeric value then it returns zero
34186: This Python script splits the list of strings by "." and returns only last part after splitting each string, resulting into another output which is also converted
34187: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
34188: This is an implementation of the Babylonian method, which converges to square roots. The algorithm starts with initial guess `a` and repeatedly improves it
34189: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between sums of diagonals. It takes an n x m array as input and returns its diagonal sum differences
34190: This Python script copies the 'name' list and replaces all occurrences of string value "' D TR S'" with another specific name, which
34191: If the user is NOT present as an entry of "dfs\_datas['user']", return "-1". Otherwise, retrieve and store their
34192: If the length of 'Detectors' is less than 3, it returns "None". Otherwise，it extracts prefix and number from string
34193: If the length of 'Vector' is ‘one’ return merges tree with new branch. Else recursively call get and then use it
34194: This Python script calculates the sum of probabilities given certain 'value' and their corresponding distribution/values pairs from two lists respectively using an if condition to
34195: This Python function implements binary search on an array of characters. It takes the first seven elements from each string, converts them to integers and performs bit
34196: If the provided file doesnt exist, return none and provide an error message else it will execute some operation on that specific python script/code block
34197: This function checks whether the input `stop id` can be split into two parts and then converts these part to integer type before returning them joined by
34198: This Python script scales an inputted size by 4 times. The result is then divided to get the final output which represents total pixels in one dimension
34199: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then filters out the pairs of two elements from given tuple. It assigns these filtered pair to new key value
34200: This Python function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an imaginary matrix. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that
34201: This function checks whether or nor there's an ':', then raises error message, else it returns either file protocol with slash followed by original string
34202: This python script calculates the intersection of two rectangular boxes. The coordinates are given in form as list and it returns their common top left point, bottom
34203: This Python function calculates the difference between two sums of numbers. The sum is calculated by adding up all elements in each list and then subtracting them
34204: This function checks whether the current filename is within specified range. If it's in, then return true; otherwise false or an error message depending on
34205: This line of the given C++ program is returning 'S' and then performing an AND operation with 30 in binary form. The bitwise
34206: This Python script retrieves the list of all 'Phone' objects from an instance named `service center`, then filters out any that do not contain
34207: This function modifies the input values to ensure that they are within their respective minimum and maximum limits. It does so by setting any out of range inputs
34208: This Python function checks whether the given 'Cluster Name' exists within an existing list of clusters. If it does exist then returns its UUID and config bucket
34209: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34210: This function checks whether the given value can be considered as either an integer type. If it's of any kind that includes float/complex numbers along
34211: This line of the given Python script reads an integer input from user, converts it to String and then creates file name with that id as prefix '
34212: If the file extension of 'file' is .PO, appends an extra character to its end and returns it as output – in other cases
34213: This line of the given Python script is returning "OpDebugLevel" from an object called 'initializeJob' which contains information about job status and
34214: This function checks whether the input 'num' variable has been assigned to be of type Tuple. If it does not have an instance in which case
34215: This Python function takes two lists as input, 'S' and ‘’and returns the first element of each sublist that is found within list
34216: If the input 'identity' variable type as an integer then return that value. Else check each item of list named "servers" and find out
34217: This Python script is used to extract the ID of an open GitHub Pull Request from its JSON data. The extracted information will be returned as output
34218: This Python script generates an array of points based on the given parameters and returns it as output which is then reversed to get counterclockwise movement from
34219: This Python function takes as input the sequence of tags and returns an equivalent list where each element is either '0' if it corresponds to O label otherwise
34220: This line of the given Python script is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The first operation checks whether or not 'location' and its lower bits
34221: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
34222: This Python script reads the input string, and outputs each character of that same sequence as it is read from left to right through an iterator function "
34223: This function counts the number of occurrences each unique element from an input list is present, and returns that count as output dictionary with elements being keys
34224: This function takes in the string 's' and returns its first part before "." if it contains an at sign (@). If not, then return
34225: This block of Python script checks the name given by 'resName' and returns different sets or sequences based on that. If no match is found,
34226: This line of the script is setting up an empty string to be used as part in classifying different versions. The length or number characters it contains are
34227: This function returns the range of indices in an array that can be used to slice and dice. The sequence is assumed as one dimensional with 'stop'
34228: Checks if the given string has more or equal to two hundred and fifty six letters. If not, it throws an error message stating that its too
34229: If the 'expected' variable is zero, return ‘Actual’. Otherwise calculate and Return difference between Actual & Expected divided by "Expected
34230: This script is used to clean the text data from HTML tags using Python's builtin functions, such as `str` or list comprehension methods
34231: This function converts nested Python objects to JSON format using recursion and the builtin `isInstance` method of python which checks whether an object belongs
34232: This function returns the intersection of two lists as another set. The result is converted back to its original form, which can be used in other contexts where
34233: This function calculates the accuracy of binary classification. It takes as input two lists, one with actual values and another ones corresponding to predicted or output value
34234: This function converts an integer to binary and removes the 'bin' prefix.  It is used in various programming tasks where we need only get rid
34235: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "sig", which starts with '<' and ends after an equals sign, followed by one or
34236: This Python function checks if the string 'train' or ‘infer’ is present within an inputted URI. If it finds either of these
34237: This line of the script creates an alias "text" to access first character/byte in 'text' variable.  It is used as hash function
34238: Code is used to find the longest word in an array of strings. (Note that if there are multiple such longwords, it will only
34239: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from another given dict. The resulting dictionaries are then returned as the output of function
34240: This Python function replaces the first occurrence of '(' with an opening and closing parenthesis around its argument to create comments on it or not depending upon
34241: This Python function splits the input string into key/value pairs, counts them using their length as values; if they are not separated by '==
34242: This Python script checks whether the 'settings' dictionary has an entry with key of `requeseted roles`. If it does, then returns that
34243: Code: "::" is used to define the type of data in C++. The variable 'name' will hold string value from index 1
34244: This Python script creates an inverse dictionary and then uses it to reverse the sequence. The reversed output is returned as string from function "reverse_
34245: This Python script generates an ArcGIS REST API URL with the specified parameters and returns it as one line string in response to HTTP GET request from client application
34246: This Python function checks the length of an input string and returns it if its less than or equal to 4 characters. If not, then truncates
34247: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34248: This function checks if the file 'files' contains either '.makrk', ‘file with number two’, or an existing label json
34249: This script is designed to return the value of 'debug' from environment variables. If debug mode isn’t enabled in any part or all parts it
34250: This line of the given Python script splits each string in "data" by ";". The result is an array where every element corresponds to one value
34251: This Python script is used to generate an empty string based on the condition of 'active' list, if it contains any nonempty values then appends
34252: Return True if the values of 'circumference', ‘isFactor’, and "surface_roughness" are either less than
34253: This Python function is used to extract specific fields from the 'cite' data dictionary. If these keys are not found, it returns `None` instead
34254: If 'None' or not applicable to the type of data given then return an empty dictionary. Else check whether it’s instance with specific types
34255: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
34256: This function calculates the distance between three points in space. The coordinates of these point are given as parameters and their radius is also provided by another parameter
34257: This function copies the parameters from one dictionary to another, merging them if necessary based on their keys with some additional checks before doing so that it only
34258: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output as its argument but with all digits removed from it using Python's built
34259: This Python function flattens the input 'lst' by recursively calling itself on nested lists until it encounters nonlist items and appending
34260: If the input RGB value isn't provided, return none. Otherwise calculate and output only red component of an image in hexadecimal format using
34261: This Python function checks the type of relation and returns it as string. If not, raises an error with message 'error_invalide'
34262: This Python function splits an input list into two parts with 81% training data percentage in one direction only when both lists are equal length;
34263: This function checks the type of input and returns it. If not recognized, return 'String'.  It is used to determine what kind data types are
34264: This Python function is used to filter out the specific 'bags' from all of our TidDLers and return them as list, which can
34265: This Python function finds the first occurrence of 'if' in each string and removes it, leaving only its content if present before returning that modified version as
34266: This function calculates the ratio of 1/k to three times N. It's used in some calculations involving ratios and probabilities, such as
34267: This Python function returns the sign (-, + or zero). If input is less than negative number then it will return "-", equal to "zero".
34268: If the value of 'margin' is zero, then simply output or print out whatever string "text" contains. Otherwise do nothing and continue with other
34269: This function checks whether the string 'ts' is present as part of another word. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or an error
34270: This function returns the appropriate character based on whether or not we're using Visual Studios Compiler. If so, it will return '/', otherwise
34271: This Python script splits the input PList data into separate strings based on certain conditions, and then formats them as XML tags if they contain specific keywords
34272: This line of the given Python script is returning an absolute filepath. The string './' and '+', followed by any part that can be converted
34273: This line of Python script returns the elements in list lst, joined by semicolon.  The result is then printed to console using print()
34274: If the first value is “zero”, it adds 'ajout' to that number. Otherwise - multiplies by adding `Ajoute`
34275: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on its value or attribute in case it's not integer nor string; otherwise
34276: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three coefficients. The coefficient values are passed as parameters to it, and returns one plus that result
34277: This function takes two pairs of numbers as input and returns their average. The inputs are unpacked into the variables 'pair' in order to make it
34278: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of CSS properties separated by semicolons to populate it with key/value
34279: This Python function is used to filter out records from the given list of dictionaries based on whether their 'Start' or any other specified field matches with
34280: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the provided 'dict' object, using get() method to avoid KeyError if
34281: If the completion_cb function isn't provided, it returns true. Otherwise checks whether its argument can execute as Python builtin functions and return false
34282: This line of the given Python script is creating two new lists, 'procData' and its sublists. The first list contains all elements except
34283: This line of the function returns 'plus' when called with an argument that is not 0. It seems to be doing some kind or operation on
34284: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34285: This function returns the number of steps to reach zero from any positive integer input. If 'input' is not greater than or equal, it will always
34286: This function checks if the input pass port id has an integer type with exactly 8 digits. It returns True or False based on whether it meets
34287: This Python function splits the given string into two parts based on "/" and returns them as separate variables in tuple format if they exist otherwise it will
34288: This function checks whether either of the players has 'yes' as their response. If so, it returns False; otherwise return true indicating that both have
34289: This Python script checks the file extension of an URL and returns its type as per regex pattern matching, else it defaults to 'Unknown'. This
34290: This line of the program splits all elements in 'stuff' into an array called "wordArray" using Python’s split function, which
34291: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string. If it isn’t then raises an error with message “Must Be A
34292: This Python script splits the input data path into its component parts, then finds and returns one of those components after "InputData" in an array
34293: If the value of 'val' is greater than or equal to 1, it shifts its bits left by an amount specified in "shfit".
34294: This Python script splits the input string by commas, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each resulting element and returns them as list of
34295: This function takes as input the 'matrix' and returns its elements multiplied by some constant, called "scalar". It uses list comprehension to
34296: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three and then adding one. It's just another way to double its value, but
34297: This Python function pads all sentences to the length of longest sentence using padding index as specified by pad argument and returns paded lists with each element being an
34298: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'key' variable contains string data type and then splits it into list using dot as delimiter
34299: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two given values, Temperature G and temperature E in Celsius degrees; it multiplies
34300: A program that generates Fibonacci sequence up to the given number.  The first two numbers are always zero and one, then each subsequent
34301: This Python function calculates the diffusion coefficient of water in an oil well. The formula is derived from experimental data and it's used to calculate how
34302: This Python script creates an object that stores and retrieves line styles based on the level of indentation in some input string 'Text'. The default
34303: This Python script is used to filter out certain IDs from the list of id strings stored as "d". The specific conditions are that it should exclude
34304: This Python function checks whether the input object 'obj' belongs to class "list". If it does not belong then converts that into one element of
34305: This line of Python script calculates the mean value between two given values. The result is then returned by function as output which can be used elsewhere in
34306: This line of the Python function checks if variable v holds an instance that's either integer or floating point number.  It returns True in case it
34307: If the 'Level' is either “three” or four, it changes to zero. The function returns what was originally passed as input ('return
34308: This Python function implements an exponential learning rate schedule that decreases the initial Learning Rate by factor of 'step size' every ten iterations or so and then increases
34309: This Python function deletes elements from the list 'sequence' at positions specified by indices. The loop continues until it cannot find any more suitable delete operations
34310: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34311: This Python function checks whether the input 'i' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot, then return that value; otherwise convert and returns
34312: This function calculates the value of an interpolated curve at point 'x' using linear extrapolation and cubic hermitian spline method,
34313: This Python script joins all lines of the file into one string, then splits that resultant “string” back up on newline characters to
34314: This line of Python script converts the number 'seconds' into hours by dividing it with an equivalent value in terms on hour, which is one
34315: This line of Python function returns the remainder when 't' is divided by eight hours in seconds. The modulo operation gives us how much time has
34316: This Python function finds the minimum and maximum values of an array. It uses two variables to keep track as it iterates through each value within 'data
34317: This Python script generates the string representation of dictionary values. It checks if input 'is instance' returns True and then iterates over each key value pair
34318: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34319: This Python function is used to extract unique, lowercase terms from the 'tag' field of an object if it exists; otherwise returns empty array/
34320: This function checks whether the first character of 'input' is an open parenthesis, then removes it from both ends to return only middle part in string
34321: This line of the given Python script returns an array with four elements where each element is multiplied by c and one number which remains as it was in
34322: This line of the given Python script returns four values from an input list 'Q'. The first two are taken as is, and then three negative copies
34323: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34324: This Python script reads lines from an input file, removes leading/trailing whitespace and checks if the line is not empty or just contains 'static
34325: Checks if the given word is present as part of any other string. If it's not, returns true; otherwise false or an error message
34326: This Python script is used to clean the request metadata by removing HTTP_* prefixes from keys that are not required or replacing underscores with hyphens
34327: This function takes in an input string '@' followed by 7 characters long and checks if it is formatted as HHMMSS. If the
34328: This script converts the architecture string to an appropriate ABI. It checks whether it's RV64 or not, and then determines which
34329: Return false as the length of 'course' is less than 7 characters, and third character in string isn’t equal to -. This indicates
34330: This function returns the name of an IPAM network in fabric format.  It takes two parameters, 'FABRIC' and "NETW
34331: This line of the given C# program converts all non digit characters in string to empty and then parses it into an Int32.
34332: This line of the given Python script checks whether each value in 'v' is less than or greater, equal to and more. If it finds any
34333: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
34334: This Python function sorts two numbers in ascending order and then checks if the second number is within one percent of either end. If it'is,
34335: This function calculates the value of an expression based on input parameters, which is notably different from other common functions in numerical analysis and statistics like exp
34336: This Python script cleans the list of columns by removing any empty or null values from it using an if condition within looping through each element present inside '
34337: If there is only one element, return that single item. Otherwise check all elements of the list to see whether they are present as substring within '
34338: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities, which are then replaced by the actual character if needed to avoid any issues when processing strings later on
34339: This line of the program calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many bins are needed to represent one frequency. The result is rounded down because
34340: This Python script converts the given byte size to gigabytes by dividing it with an appropriate power of ten and rounds off using built in function
34341: This function checks the type of IP address and returns either 'External' ('EXT') based on whether it is global/regionally defined. If not
34342: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34343: This Python script splits the input string into five parts and returns them in different formats if they are valid, otherwise it will return 'NA'.
34344: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two numbers u &amp;#40;&lt;/code&gt;" + str_id+ "
34345: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with elements from the input 'inList' that are unique to them by checking against another
34346: This Python function calculates the value of an arbitrary variable 'f' based on some conditions and parameters defined in its input arguments, which are not shown
34347: This line of the given Python script checks if "request" has both 'mode' key with name & version. If not, it returns False else
34348: This function calculates the "offset" in an array of data. The 'time' is calculated as modulo operation with result from previous calculation,
34349: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
34350: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
34351: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string 'Hello' repeated that many times.  The result is then concatenated with another word,
34352: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the next power of 2 that is less than or equal to it. It uses bitwise shifting
34353: This function checks the length of 'len' in Python, and returns "File" only when it is less than 4 characters long; otherwise return
34354: This Python script takes an input string and splits it into key/value parameters using the "params" variable; then converts these values to integers
34355: A function that creates and returns an empty dictionary. The keys are the tuples of colors from input list, values correspond to original color elements themselves
34356: This Python script reads the file path, extracts and returns either 'Woman' or `Man` based on whether it is an even number.
34357: This script checks the value of 'cross tool top' and determines whether it is an Android NDK worksapce name, then returns different strings based
34358: This Python script takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it was split into segments by '.' character in reverse order using slicing
34359: This is an example of simple arithmetic operation in Python. The variable 'k' gets the summation value from variables `m` and  `M
34360: This script is used to model the behavior of a system. It uses an ML algorithm, such as Support Vector Machine or Neural Network based on user
34361: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers.  It's named "calculation_ratio" because it does that calculation, but in one
34362: A dictionary with some key/value pairs. The 'ids' is unique, the name of it represents an id in system and status information; names
34363: This line of Python script joins all the elements in list v with comma as separator and returns it back to caller function/script, if there
34364: If the first three characters of any string in input is '`` ``' then return {'lang':line.split('`')[-1].strip
34365: Creates an SQL table if not exists with the given name and columns. The column names are 'id', '', ''page url'',''http status
34366: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with tuples from 'jobOutput' dictionary where each tuple contains one of its keys
34367: This Python function checks whether an element is in the list. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true after performing binary search on sorted
34368: This function checks whether there's any winning sequence in the game of tic Tac Toe. It starts by checking from left to right,
34369: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34370: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34371: This line of Python script returns only the directories in 'file' using os and its builtin functions to filter out non directory paths from given file names
34372: If either of the input vectors, 'vector1' and/or ‘vectors’ aren;t provided as inputs to function then it throws
34373: This Python script counts the number of nonempty profilometry lists within an input list, which is presumably used to determine how many different types or
34374: This function takes an input list of numbers and returns the summation or concatenation/joining all these number into one string.  The result is
34375: This function returns the input as left justified in space with spaces filled by '*' characters, up to max length specified and padded on right side
34376: This Python script creates an empty "pined" nodes list and adds the IDs of any 'node' that has been assigned to it from input
34377: This Python function checks whether or nor an input number 't' falls in between two specific ranges. If it does then returns one else return zero depending
34378: This Python function raises an error when the high byte of its input is not within valid range. The low bytes are simply returned as they were, with
34379: This function calculates the ratio of wins to losses in an election. It takes into account both winning and losing probabilities, but also subtracts
34380: This Python function is used to filter out the values from an array of dictionaries based on their 'operation' type, excluding those that are marked
34381: Return an object with the given 'roles' and their corresponding member lists.  Each entry in bindigs is itself another dictionary containing two keys -
34382: This script is used to adjust the x position of all points within an array. If any point's "x" value exceeds its designated maximum,
34383: This Python function checks the value of 'part' in each dictionary entry. If it is empty, then replaces that field with another one from an
34384: If the input string has only one character, convert it to its ASCII value. Otherwise (->return "-1"), because we can't process
34385: This line of the given Python script checks if '/objec' is present at any position within URL. If it does, then returns 'True'.
34386: This Python function will filter out the elements of an 'input list' that are not present within another given ‘accepted value’ or set.
34387: This Python script calculates the value of 'a' and assigns it to variable "result" which is then returned. The variables p, q
34388: This Python script splits the input string on "-", and if it's equal to 'arch', then returns an output based off of that split
34389: This program calculates the sum of all elements in an array, then multiplies it by itself and adds to another variable 'total'. The result is
34390: This line of Python script returns the input string, but only when it contains no spaces. If there is at least one space within that text then an
34391: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the day of that specific timestamp. The bitwise operations are used to extract certain parts from each byte
34392: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34393: This line of the given Python function checks if two variables 'i' and 'j', are equal. If they do, it returns True; otherwise
34394: If the list of sorted values is empty or contains only one element then return zero. Otherwise calculate combinations and count them up until reaching negative number with no
34395: If the value of 'seconds' is less than zero, then it gets converted to negative.  This operation was performed in one line using an "
34396: Counts the number of items with value less than 'n' from dictionary "d".  The result is returned as string formatting by function `
34397: This Python script opens the file specified by filename and reads line from it until reaching an empty string or finding any lines containing 'pattern'. If found then
34398: This Python function calculates the rewared rate based on daily return and rebasing frequency. The formula is derived from ROI calculation which involves raising
34399: This Python function compares two strings, starting from the second character of each string. It continues until it finds matching characters or when one length is less
34400: This Python script uses list comprehension to create new lists that only include the elements of 'Y' where their corresponding element from index ‘x’
34401: This script removes mutual friends from the list of 'Friends' based on their age and then adds them back to our friendlist, but only up
34402: If the list 'A' is empty, return List B; otherwise sort and compare two lists of nodes to find extra unique strings that are not present
34403: This Python function calculates the scale factor needed to convert pixels into coordinates. The input parameters are assumed as integers representing screen dimensions in terms of number or
34404: This Python function takes an input list of strings and separates the two lists based on whether they end with ".json", if not it is considered as
34405: If the variable 'Proxy Type' is equal to ProxyMesh, return '.proximity', else it will default back into returning `.
34406: This Python function generates the "Minors" of an input matrix, which are submatrices that contain elements from another smaller but not equal to them
34407: This Python function splits the input string 's' into list of strings, strips leading and trailing spaces from each element using map(), then filters
34408: This function returns the absolute difference between two numbers, minus one. It checks if it's less than or equal to threshold 'th'. The result
34409: This line of Python script creates an expression that can be used to create strings with the contents from one variable. The string is then returned as it'
34410: This is an infinite loop that multiplies the variable 'r' by ‘a’ and takes modulus of it with another number, then decre
34411: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers if they are both integers or floats; otherwise it raises an error and returns “None”
34412: This Python function returns the result of multiplying three inputs together. The first two are multiplied, and then an extra nine zeros is appended
34413: This function checks if every element of the first list is also present as an item on another given key. If it's true, then returns True
34414: This Python script counts the frequency of items within each篮子. It initializes 'freq' to 0, then increments it by one
34415: This function checks the type of an input and returns it as boolean value or default to false when not applicable – ie., non string/non
34416: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'value' and separators'. It finds the position of first occurrence if any character from given list is found
34417: This Python function checks the URL to see whether it starts with 'www.' or '/'. If neither, then prepends an appropriate prefix ('/
34418: This function splits the input string 'name', if it is of one part, checks whether its first character starts with $ symbol; If yes then
34419: Return the name and value of 'code' in JSON format. (END SUMMARY).   Code snippet provided below, written by
34420: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
34421: This Python function takes an integer as input, shifts the bits to create two new integers. The first one is class and second detail of error codes from
34422: This Python function converts boolean values to lowercase. If the input is 'True', it returns as True, and otherwise when False or any other
34423: This Python script reads from an input file, checks each string to see whether it starts with "[", removes the brackets and commas at both ends
34424: "Implemented an efficient way using SciPy’ s optimize functions."
34425: This script splits the checkpoints into their respective step numbers and returns them as an integer value, assuming that all of these are in .0 format
34426: If the config object is empty return some default values} Code snippet with brief explanation of what it does and how to use/implement in
34427: If the value of 'val' variable in function parameter, return an empty dictionary. Else it returns that same object as its input which means returning
34428: This function checks if it's possible to write the letters from one note using those characters only. If yes, then returns true; otherwise - False
34429: This line of Python script calculates the number and type(s), or description, that appear as commas within an input string. The variable "
34430: If the condition is true, it returns 'message' with "\U+1F389". Otherwise -> Returns `${STATUS}
34431: If the property is an array, then set max count to 'infinity' or value of `classPropertyAttributes` get('maxitems
34432: This line of Python script returns the intersection between two lists. It uses list comprehension to find common elements from both inputted arrays/lists 'La
34433: This Python function reverses the string. It works by iterating over each character of input 's' and prepending it to an accumulated output
34434: This python script calculates the total of all elements within an array. The size and values are defined by user input variables 'N' which is number
34435: This line of the given Python script checks if 'tt' is an instance or not and then verifies whether it contains key named as hd,
34436: This function calculates the nth Fibo number. If 'n' is either zero, one it returns as per requirement else calls itself recurs
34437: This Python function splits the sentences into sets, finds their intersection and calculates recall & precisioN values based on that calculation."
34438: This Python function checks whether the string 'PER' exists within an input dictionary. If it does exist and its value represents positive real numbers less than or
34439: This Python script checks if all required keys are present within each individual's Passports using the provided structure and returns whether or not they meet these requirements
34440: This function finds the minimum number of flipping operations required to reach an optimal configuration. It does so by iterating over each possible state and keeping track
34441: This function returns the concatenation of class name and its corresponding method's inner/internal names.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in
34442: This function calculates the position of each pixel in an image based on its location within another. The parameters are defined as variables and returned by other functions
34443: This Python function calculates the average of countably small numbers in an array by sorting it and then dropping some elements from both ends to make sure
34444: This script generates an event with delay between each occurrence of the 'session', ‘Type’ and other parameters in order to mimic real world behavior
34445: This line of the Python script replaces all instances where ~ is found in 'part' with '/'. It also changes another instance that was previously replaced
34446: This Python function performs arithmetic operations based on the operator passed. It supports addition, subtraction and multiplication but not division as it is missing in some
34447: This Python script calculates the shortest path between all pairs of nodes. It uses Dijkstra's algorithm to find these paths and returns
34448: This function generates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'N' terms. It uses recursion, but instead of storing all previous results in
34449: If any of the environment variables are set, return them. Otherwise default to an empty string list or single element with no value in case none were found
34450: If the difference between 4th and first face of 'bb' is greater than that in reverse order, return true. Else false; else
34451: This Python script takes two regions of interest A and B as input. It then calculates the maximum X coordinate between them along with their corresponding Y coordinates
34452: This line of the function checks if b is divisible by 'a'. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False.  The
34453: This Python function counts the number of bits in an integer. It uses bitwise right shift operator to divide by 2 until it's no longer
34454: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the list of dicts 'ld'. The keys are extracted, if they
34455: This Python function checks whether the given string 'val' matches with an optional regular expression pattern, and then performs some operations based on its value of one
34456: This function returns the current workgroup, default domain and username.  It's used to identify who is running it in an environment where these details
34457: This function calculates the value of an object with given parameters. The formula is based on three variables, 'k', which represents some constant factor and
34458: If the length of 'RequestMeta' is zero, return an empty string; otherwise get HTTP User Agent from Request Meta and returns it elsewise
34459: This line of the script creates an identifier that is used to name each tracker. The id provided will be appended with "_" and then converted
34460: This Python function reshapes the 'left' list to match its length. It replaces all occurrences of either an edge that is not
34461: This Python function checks whether or not two given values are in ascending order. If they're both valid and within range of each other it returns
34462: This line of Python script joins all elements in the list into one string with slashes as separators.  It uses map to convert each element from
34463: This Python function converts the input string to its equivalent in pythonic way. If an exception occurs, it returns 'represents' of that
34464: This Python function is designed to find all the unique names of objects that are referenced by any object from an input dictionary, which includes only those whose keys
34465: This function returns the lowercase version of 'key' if it is equal to string value, otherwise None or an error message depending on what happens in
34466: This Python function takes an array of tuples as input and returns the first element from each tuple, followed by its last character or '='
34467: If there are any elements in the 'wrapper' list, it will apply and return their first element to an object. Otherwise returns original unmodified
34468: This function returns the input 'value' only when it is within specified range. If not, then return either of two predefined values depending on
34469: Parses the given string as an Int31 in Base 2. If not possible to convert it returns -9078   #
34470: This Python script counts the minimum value of each candidate's weight from reference data sets and returns their summation as resultant output which is equivalent to
34471: This command is used to start the MongoDB replica set. It uses specific parameters from 'mongod' configuration file and also includes some additional ones
34472: This function calculates the maximum distance from any point to one of four given points. It returns two values which are maxima in absolute value and correspond
34473: This Python script calculates the minimum possible gain by adding elements to an array. The function 'len' is used on input list and it returns its
34474: This Python function takes as input an array of strings and returns another list with the elements that are present only once within it, preserving their original order from
34475: This line of the Python function returns input string 's' with leading and trailing whitespace removed using strip().  It is an efficient way to
34476: If the two inputs are equal in terms of content but not necessarily identical; then it returns an empty string otherwise generates unidiff output between them with
34477: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees in two scales, where one is given
34478: This function is used to transform the inputted strings. If it encounters an empty or starts with T, then replaces that character by U and
34479: This script is used to find the populations that have an expression value above 9% of all other values, given as input from another dataset with columns
34480: This Python script filters out non ASCII characters from the string. It does so by checking each character's Unicode value to see whether it falls
34481: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
34482: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the domain name from an URL, if it exists in that string and returns only its substring after "//
34483: This Python script checks whether the GeoJSON object has 'layer', then it raises an error when either of these keys are missing from that dictionary; otherwise
34484: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python's built in 'sum()'....(tr
34485: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
34486: If 'None' provided as input to the function then it returns default value. Else checks whether given object type either of tuples/lists
34487: This line of Python script converts the string to lowercase and replaces all spaces with underscores, thus creating an URL friendly version or sl
34488: Checks if the value of 'byte_value' is within valid range. If not, it throws an error message indicating invalid input in Python language
34489: This Python script checks the extension of an inputted filename. If it's not .CSV, then appendes '.csvs'. Otherwise return
34490: This Python script adds the length of 'Regio's list and an additional element to it. The new region is added as ("Length", Trans
34491: This Python function reverses the input string and then translates each character to its complementary DNA base. It uses dictionary mapping from original bases ('AT
34492: This function returns the value of 'loc' based on its type. If it is at location Point, return zero; else where as long there are
34493: If the current minimum and maximum are equal, return their value as is. Otherwise scale it to fit within our desired range using linear interpolation between
34494: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an input list by counting occurrences and then dividing it with their respective sums to get final result
34495: This Python function is used to create an object that contains the user's profile information and their ORCID. The output of such structure can be
34496: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The x coordinate is set to 'x' and y has been subtracted by
34497: This script converts the input to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then appends an exclamation mark at end of string
34498: Check the type of apath and ensure it's string. If any element within 'some paths', also check its data types to make sure they
34499: If the first two characters are ' __' then it checks whether following part of line is either type, meta etc., else return original unmodified
34500: This Python function checks if the number of lowercase letters ('one') is greater than or equal to that count on 'another' string, and returns
34501: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two tuples of numbers and returns their sum.  The first tuple is subtracted from each element
34502: This function converts the temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit. The formula used is temp*(18/60), where
34503: This line of the script checks whether 'sec' is type string. If it isn’t then convert to integer using `parse` function and assign
34504: This function checks the last digit of some string, then it compares with certain conditions. If all these are true return value is set to be one
34505: This function will remove the specified subtring from an incoming text. If it matches with "input", then nothing is returned and no changes are made to
34506: This Python function calculates the sum of each element at position `v` multiplied by its corresponding index. The result is returned as an array with
34507: This line of the Python script converts an input string in 'YY/MM' format to its equivalent as per YMD or ISO 86
34508: A 3D boolean array of the same size as input, filled with False. This is used to mark cells that are not part or contain any
34509: This function divides two numbers and returns the result. If division by zero occurs, it raises an error with message "Error in Division".  Code
34510: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an array with numbers from 0 to 'numberOfVerticies' inclusive. It is equivalent
34511: This function takes in raw text and replaces all non breaking spaces with regular space.  It's used to clean the data before processing it further
34512: This Python function splits the input string into list of substrings based on whether it contains an equals sign or not, and returns that as output
34513: If the variable 'a' is zero, it returns value of ‘b’. This function does nothing but check whether or not an input number
34514: This line of the given Python script sums all elements except 'All' from dictionary.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively select and add up
34515: This function replaces the word 'United State' with ‘Unde United Stated’ and other countries names in string input, but
34516: This Python function converts an input to its equivalent in the form of Hexadecimal. If it's already converted into that format then
34517: Code returns the color of line in the image.  }"}  ```python ```javascript {return {'LineColor': 'Returns Color Of
34518: This function checks if the input array has exactly two dimensions. If it does not have any more than four different sizes of dimension one to three are returned
34519: This Python script counts the number of times an element in list 'look at' is zero. It starts from index ‘zero’ and continues until
34520: This function takes in the path of an image and returns its name without extension or file type, if any present at all; otherwise it will simply give
34521: This Python script splits the input string into days/ hours and minutes if they exist within it using regular expressions; otherwise default values are set to
34522: This Python script converts the input 'device' to lowercase if it is equal either as string value of CPU or CUP, and returns another
34523: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer result. The value '(dscrptu <<  | 1)' is shifted to left
34524: If the 'support' key exists, check if it is equal to curation or unmaintanance and assign its corresponding value from dictionary else
34525: This function calculates the value of an exponentially weighted average with decaying factor based on its position in sequence and parameters given as input arguments; it
34526: This Python function counts the number of times it takes to reduce an evenly divisible integer by halving until its value becomes odd. It returns two
34527: Returns 1 if delta is positive, else returns zero. This function checks whether the value of 'delta' variable in Python scripting language has been
34528: This line of the given Python script checks whether an element is present as key 'num' with its corresponding integer indexed at position `index`.
34529: Code returns true if the values of two variables are equal, otherwise it will print an error message. (Note that in Python you can use
34530: Code that creates an empty dictionary to store the results of each district. Then it iterates over all lines from 'state'. If they contain both letters
34531: This function checks the type of an object and returns its value or status based on that check; otherwise it uses another method to return HTTP Status Code from
34532: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'text' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
34533: Finds the first occurrence of 'find' from list. If not found, returns message saying that nothing was returned and stops execution if there is no
34534: This function is used to create two halves of the array. The first half starts from 'i' and goes till either end depending on whether it
34535: This Python script calculates the sum of squares absolute values from an array 'abs' and returns it as result."  	    		    }]
34536: This Python script is used to generate a random character from the given string. The generated characters are then stored in variables EXTRAP_CHAR and
34537: This function checks the presence of certain keywords ("_A_, _C, etc.") within filenames. If it finds any keyword present then returns
34538: This Python function checks whether the input strings contain either 'off' and/or ‘on’, but not both. If it does then returns
34539: This line of the given Python script checks if both variables 'i' equals 7 AND variable "j" also equal to seven. If so,
34540: This Python script creates an empty matrix of size 'len_of string' x length. It then fills the first row and column with indices from strings
34541: Check the existence of an author email from PyPI data, return it or default to empty string 	Author Email -> Author’s eMail
34542: This function takes an input list 'a' and returns the result of evaluating each element in that array based on its position. If there is only one
34543: This line of Python script calculates the average value from two numbers. The result is then printed to console using print() function in python programming language,
34544: This function returns the first element of two lists multiplied by twice. The result is returned as tuple in Python language, where each value corresponds to an
34545: This Python function returns the string representation of an input number, but replaces multiples thereof with Fizzy or Buzze. If none are
34546: This is an if/else statement that sets the value of 'threshold_one' to zero when `x` less than it, and returns
34547: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34548: If the first element of 'worker id' is found within dictionary, return its corresponding value. Else returns zero as default output..   [END
34549: This Python script splits the input string into three parts using '	' as delimiter and converts them to integers respectively which are then returned in
34550: This Python function checks the presence of certain keys within an input dictionary. If any key is missing, it returns false; otherwise true after checking all required
34551: This is an implementation of the linear search algorithm. It returns first occurrence's position if found, else it will return '-1'.  Code sn
34552: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34553: Checks whether the given dictionary contains an entry with specific 'value' and returns true or false. If it does, then return "True", otherwise
34554: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
34555: This function sorts the input dictionary by 'sortBy' in ascending order.  It uses Python builtin sorting method to achieve that and returns
34556: This Python function checks the value of 'regularizer' and assigns an integer to variable `n` based on its values, if it isn’
34557: This Python function checks the lengths are equal in three lists. If not it raises an error with message "unequal number".  It's used
34558: If the input 'size' is not within valid range, it raises an error. The value of "SIZE" should only accept values from one to
34559: A function that returns the cardinal representation of an integer. If it's less than 6 then uses English ordals instead; otherwise gets from dictionary
34560: This line of the Python script returns an object that is used to filter documents in MongoDB. The "documents" are identified by their ID
34561: This python function converts the input string to lowercase and adds colon if present in original strings, then returns combined resultant with converted actions name as
34562: This line of Python script removes the last character from string 'id'. The result is then assigned to variable "new_string".  It's
34563: This function checks whether the input 'object' "obj" has two elements. If it does have 3 or more then returns only one of them
34564: This Python function takes in one string, split it by '-' to get two parts and then reverse the order of these part using slicing [ ::
34565: This Python function generates an integer from the digist string representation of n. The number is padded with zeros to reach length 'm' using
34566: This Python script splits the string 'distroname' by '-', and returns an ECR repository URL in AWS format with public prefix, based
34567: This function checks if the minimum of one number is less than or equal to maximum value from another. It also verifies that second smallest element in array
34568: This script is used to find the length of patients and create an empty list. It then iterates over all possible pairs, comparing each patient with every
34569: This script checks the existence of certain keys within an environment variable configuration. If they exist it returns their values; otherwise depending on which key is missing and
34570: This line of Python script creates an object called 'question' with properties id and choiceId. The value assigned to the property is taken from another dictionary
34571: This Python script is used to filter out the files that have an incorrect file extension and are not compatible with MondoDDYY/OFLSV format
34572: If the current firmware is greater than 1.3, set it to be equal or above zero and reset its value back downwards by one every
34573: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in space. The first point is at one end and halfway from another given center coordinate; while
34574: If the input 'key_strings' parameter does not exist, it returns an empty list; otherwise parses each string and splits into its components
34575: This function checks if the given object contains certain attributes that are not present when creating an instance of Cell class or any subclass thereof with default parameters set
34576: If user passes '-u' as an argument, it will display "Passes Public Key Value With Unsigned Flag".  It also ex
34577: This Python function subtracts an integer from the input and returns it. If result is negative, then adds 64 bit value to make sure
34578: This function checks if the given file's executable bit is set in its permissions, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it starts with "/usr
34579: This script counts the number of attributes that match certain criteria and stores it as 'n_found'. It then prints out how many such attribute pairs are
34580: This Python function checks whether an input is greater than or equal to one thousand. If it does, the number will be divided by ten thousands and append
34581: This Python function returns the required information about each player in an event. The returned dictionary includes "Game ID", Subscription details and Player' info such
34582: This function returns an error message if the provided argument is not recognized. It takes one parameter, 'option', which should be either 1 or -
34583: Checks if the string `exp` is between one and six characters long, starts with an alphabetical character from A to Z or digit.
34584: This function checks the type of an HTML element based on its tag and style. It returns 'type' as either text or paragraph depending upon these conditions
34585: This line of the Python script converts all characters to lowercase and checks if they are any specific values that represent False, “No” or
34586: This function calculates the linear equation y =mx+b.  It takes two parameters, 'm' and x', returns an output which is
34587: This function calculates the precision of an NLP task by comparing two sets, and returns it as one number between [O; O]. Precision
34588: This Python function retrieves the specific type of identifier from an input dictionary, if it exists; otherwise returns empty string."""  # noqa E
34589: Returns true if the first and second bits are both 1s. This is equivalent to checking whether they're equal in binary representation, which would
34590: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by extracting 'name' from each dictionary within "menus" list.  It then
34591: This function checks whether the input list is already ordered or not and returns it along with an array of filenames that are being processed to sort them
34592: This Python function filters out the diagnoses with score 0 and scores greater than or equal to three from given list of dictionaries, returning only those
34593: If the 'dictionary' variable isn’t defined, return an empty dict. – Code checks whether or not there exists such definition in Python
34594: This Python function takes as input an event dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but all their values are prefixed by "_" followed only al
34595: This function returns the first three letters of each word in an array.  It's used to create initial names from user input or other data sources
34596: A loop that generates indentation based on the level of recursion. It uses two spaces as an indicator to represent one less than its parent'
34597: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34598: This Python script generates an array of FIBONACCI numbers up to the nth number in input 'n'. The first two elements are pre
34599: This Python program calculates the sum of ‘n’ numbers starting from 'k' and multiplies it by two each time until reaching one number
34600: This Python script generates an array of boolean values based on the number possibilities specified. It uses list comprehension to create and returns such as one line python
34601: This Python script reads through the input 'lines' and only keeps those lines that are longer than 5 characters long, then removes any trailing whites
34602: This function raises an error when the input is not within range. It then calcula...(truncated...) in Python programming language and returns two
34603: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the RGB values of that number. The bitwise AND operation is used to isololate each color component
34604: This function takes an integer and the number of bits to shift, then returns only one specific part from that shifted binary representation. It does so by shifting
34605: This line of the Python script removes leading and trailing newline characters from 'urls' list, which is used to store URLs fetched
34606: This Python function takes as input dictionary of strings and returns another one with the same keys but values are lists concatenated together if they have similar key names
34607: This Python script creates an empty list called 'coordinates'. It then uses the builtin function `zip` to pair up elements from two lists together
34608: A recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence. The dictionary 'memo' is used to store previously computed values in order not repeat
34609: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with vectors that represent translations of the given structures along one axis by using half their maximum
34610: This Python script finds the two hours with highest and lowest values from an input dictionary of hourly percentage. The function returns these as list[int].
34611: A dictionary of different geographical areas and their respective water levels. The keys are the names/areas while values represent an array with four elements representing
34612: This Python script calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each line, summing these differences up to get final result – Cheksums
34613: This Python function creates an empty string. It's used to create indentation spaces, which is necessary when printing nested loops or if statements within
34614: Checks whether y true and predicted values are not empty, then checks their lengths. If they're both correct it returns True else raises an error
34615: This Python function splits the input string into separate word/phrase list using regular expression and then returns count of non empty elements in that resulting array or
34616: This Python function is used to calculate the binary equivalent of an integer. It uses bitwise operations and loops, but it's concise yet effective
34617: This function splits the given path into its components and checks if there is at least one component that starts with an underscore ("_"): return statement
34618: This function deletes certain fields from the arguments dictionary based on some conditions. It first checks whether all necessary parameters are present, then it removes 'All
34619: This function returns the record key with an appended string "__VERIFIED".  It's used to mark records as verified. The input
34620: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'num' using iteration. The first two numbers of fibo are always set
34621: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34622: Replaces placeholders in the given Python script with default values and renames some identifiers to more descriptive ones using string replacement operations on 'e
34623: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34624: This function returns the number of ‘ones’ in binary representation. It uses builtin Python functions to convert decimal numbers into their corresponding Binary and
34625: If the number of 'top' rows is zero then it returns three values. The first two are always zeros and third value depends on whether or
34626: This function takes in the MAC address and replaces all colons with hyphens.  It's used to generate unique identifiers from node ID
34627: This Python function takes an input string `n=len of the given str. Remaining space is calculated by dividing total length with two and adding
34628: If the given input is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise nothing happens. This function does not do anything with its parameter and always outputs "nothing
34629: This function takes two parameters - naming them as 'number' and converting it to an integer. If the number passed in isn’t of type
34630: If the number of entries is less than or equal to maximum, it returns true. Otherwise false will be returned by function "isValid". This checks
34631: This Python script calculates the product of `horizonal pos` and  `Depth from given commands. The input is list with treads as
34632: This Python script attempts to access the "broken" key in 'post' payload dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, then instead of cr
34633: Return the specified fields of an array as JSON.  The input is assumed to be in correct format and validated before use, ie., it
34634: This function converts the input number into an integer based on its size. It uses if/else statements to determine which unit of measurement is being used
34635: This Python script strips leading and trailing whitespace from the string, splits it into lines using "\r\t" as separator if there
34636: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
34637: This function returns the value of pi as approximately equal to one and three thirds, which is an approximation based on mathematical constant PI(π).
34638: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the given integer. The operation is to reduce each byte of an int by one, then combine them back into
34639: This Python function counts the occurances of sub_str in str and returns that number as an integer, using regular expressions to find all matches within given
34640: This function returns the ordinal indicator based on an integer. For example, 4 will be returned as 'fourh', and so forth...
34641: This Python function checks the value of 'expirment number' and returns different strings based on its condition. If it is not equal to ‘
34642: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34643: This Python script filters out non alphabetic characters from the input list using is_alphabetical method and returns only those elements that are not
34644: This Python function takes an IP address and splits it into the network part ('Hostname' or domain name), as well port number from ':'.
34645: A fun and dramatic scene where the character is described as being after getting hit by an airball, crying out in frustration with their actions or feelings
34646: This Python function checks whether the input is within valid range of musical notes, and returns corresponding frequency in Hz or 'None' otherwise using an approximation formula
34647: If no specific algorithmic method was provided, it defaults to returning zero; otherwise returns the value of an existing function or defaulted return statement in case
34648: This function returns the given input as an object with 'Type' and ‘Data’ properties. The type of output is determined by Python builtin
34649: If the rotation type is greater than or equal to four, return zero. Otherwise - one line of text describing what happens in each case here...
34650: This Python function converts the input to an integer if possible, otherwise it returns its lowercase version as string in case of any non numeric characters
34651: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an approximation value from dictionary based on type id using Euler's number e as base constant
34652: This line of the given C++ program is returning an integer value from right shifting operation. The port number, which was passed as parameter to function '
34653: If the provided value 'prov' isn’t defined, return it as given; otherwise convert to lower case and replace all spaces with hyphens before
34654: This function checks the length of time period and raises an error when it doesn't have exactly 9 characters. It then extracts year from first
34655: This function removes all unnecessary characters from the string, including backslashes and double quotes in Python programming language using builtin replace() method of strings module
34656: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the same structure but with empty cells replaced by `None`. It does so using
34657: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by seven. The multiplication is done in one line using Python's ar
34658: This script creates an empty list and then fills it with the values of "point" calculated by adding to or multiplying some other value based on its
34659: Finds the last occurrence of '.' in file name and returns its index. If no '.',' then return Nothing  [END]  ```
34660: This Python script converts the dictionary objects within an array of dictionaries. The function iterates over each element, converting it to another type if necessary
34661: This function calculates the padding size to be used when performing convolution operation. If 'same' is passed as input, it computes half of difference
34662: This Python function calculates the Golden Angle Interval, which is an indicator of human judgment. It takes as input two numbers and returns their product
34663: This function converts an integer to its equivalent in Hexadecimal. If the value is less than 16 it will return with leading
34664: This Python function calculates the value of 'P' in equation P^(n+m)/((Gamma/Gama + n*log|
34665: This line of the script checks whether an ORCID ID is 36 characters long. If not, it returns False and stops execution because invalid
34666: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34667: This Python script converts degrees to radians, calculates the great circle distance between two points on Earth using Haversine formula and returns it in
34668: This function checks the type of 'Foobar' object and returns it as either its value or converted to another format depending on what kind was
34669: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34670: This function takes two inputs, 'target' and the name of another variable called "mixture", it returns their quotient.  It is used
34671: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34672: This Python script checks the sentiment of text using VADER Sentiment Analysis tool, and returns whether it is positive or negative based on its output score
34673: This Python function returns the minimum of two numbers, but only when both are positive or negative; otherwise it will return zero as per requirement in problem statement
34674: This function counts the number of times an increasing value is found between two consecutive elements. It raises and handles errors when there are not enough data points available
34675: This Python function creates and returns an object that maps days of the week to their corresponding integer values in python using dictionary data structure which is case insensitive
34676: This line of the given C++ program is setting up an Int31 variable with initial value ‘bit’. The '|' operator then
34677: This Python function calculates the average of x and y values from given list.  It uses builtin functions to calculate sums, then divides them
34678: This function takes in the designation of an organization and returns its first character.  It's used to identify initial letters or prefixes that are
34679: This script is designed to handle different CSV files based on the input string 'name'. It uses Python's builtin `open` function and
34680: If the value is equal to minimum, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns standard deviation of given data point from its range [min; max]. This
34681: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34682: This Python script splits the input string on ':' and takes only last part, checks if it starts with WHO/ then removes that prefix from
34683: This function checks the type of 'input' and returns it as either an array or string. If not recognized types are provided then raises error message with
34684: This Python script checks whether the string contains newline character or not and returns either it finds one at beginning of line else return original input as is without
34685: This function calculates the velocity of light in an object given its mass and speed. It's called "v_in" because it returns values
34686: This Python function calculates the minimum difference between an input number and each date found within "pyccoenics result", which is then returned as
34687: Raise domain error. This is the simplest form of exception in Python, which means that an application has asked to perform something it's not designed
34688: This Python script fetches the key of dictionary's keys, then accesses its value and gets another nested object from it by accessing "*" in
34689: This function attempts to load an existing roster from disk, if no such files exist then creates and returns empty list; otherwise prints error message with current
34690: Code is used to determine if the previous word's part of speech was either 'b', which means it belongs in an adjective, noun etc.
34691: This Python function takes an integer n and returns the binary representation of it. It does so by shifting right operator on number `x` times then bit
34692: This Python script calculates the highest number that is greater than twice its current decrease factor. It does so by iterating over all elements of 'de
34693: This script loops over each individual source of the cells within an IPython NoteBook. It then removes all instances where there is only one tab character ('
34694: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at 'word' and returns only one of them, if it has more than 3 characters
34695: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the value of 'F' from itself,
34696: This function is used to get the part of speech label from dependency parsing tree using dictionary mapping and default value 'x'.  The input parameters are
34697: This Python function converts binary passport data to its equivalent decimal form, then calculates the position of that seat in an airplane using only two
34698: This function calculates the ratio of Ft to Fa.  It's used in various calculations and models that involve ratios between two values, such
34699: Checks if the current and previous grids are not equal. If they're different, it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether
34700: This Python script reads data from the file named 'fname' and checks if it contains any non ASCII characters using isASCii(). If
34701: This Python function returns an anonymous lambda that evaluates the given string as mathematical expressions, replacing any spaces with no space and checking whether there are equal
34702: This line of the given Python script is fetching an element from 'response' dictionary and then accessing its "item". The next step involves extracting
34703: This function returns the value of 'x' based on its position in an array. If it is at coordinates ([0,   ]), then return
34704: This Python script tries to access the second element of an array, if it fails due index error then returns false. (END SUMMARY).
34705: This Python function checks whether string 's' is present as substring of another given strings. If it does, then returns the number otherwise not found
34706: This Python function filters out the most likely regions based on their probability and maximum number of desired outputted region counts, then returns these filtered outputs as list
34707: This function checks if there are any zeros on the board. If so, it returns true indicating that no one has won yet or game is not
34708: If the variable 'value' in function call, return an empty string. Else do nothing and just keep it as value to be used later on
34709: This Python script maps fields from one dictionary to another and then removes the original keys of 'mapped' dictionaries using pop() method on python
34710: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area in square units
34711: This function checks if the given 'probability' is within ‘valid’ range. The valid ranges are between [0,  1]. If
34712: This line of the Python script splits "packedName" into an array using '||' as separator and returns it, effectively unpacking
34713: Creates an instance of the given class with some default parameters, and then trains it on your data using fit() method from scikit learn library
34714: This Python function calculates the area of an ellipse given its semi major axis length, semiminor and time. It uses mathematical formulae
34715: This function tries to convert the input string s into float. If successful, it returns true; otherwise false is returned after catching any exception that might occur
34716: This function takes an integer as input and returns the character at that index in alphabetical order. If there is no such char, it will simply
34717: If there are any contacts, returns the number of them. Otherwise it will not do anything and simply end up returning 1 or None depending on context
34718: This function checks whether the input 'object' `is_real` or not. If it’s real number then return that value else apply some
34719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34720: Returns true if the bit at position 'pos' in byte is set. If not, returns false;  // Assumes that bits are numbered
34721: If the input 'brightness' isn’t none, it will be divided by two and then multiplied with ten. The resultant value gets
34722: This script sorts the dictionary items by their keys in ascending order and returns it as another sorted Dictionary object, with its original key names preserved but re
34723: This function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. It takes into account that each bit represents 1/8th part
34724: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each "slot", extracting the id of every entrants from that particular 'session
34725: This function checks the file name and returns its extension, but only when it's not empty string ("") after checking some conditions in an IF statement
34726: Split the input string into fields using tab as separator and return them in separate variables if they exist; otherwise returns 'None'.  This function
34727: This function pads the given string with spaces on both sides to make it equal in size. The padded result is then converted into an integer using `
34728: Removes non finite values from the 'Source Degree' and assigns them to "Target degree" variable in numpy array format, which is
34729: This Python script replaces underscores with spaces, and then converts the first character of each word to uppercase using regular expressions in one line
34730: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in an array to lowercase. The result is then joined into one single, concatenated String
34731: This Python function calculates the average of three most recent values in an array. If there are less than four elements, it returns one value from last
34732: This line of the Python script calculates and returns difference between given number 'jd' with another constant value, which is equal to "minus two million
34733: This Python script creates two lists from the given list of tuples, one with all end offset values and another ones containing only starting point. The
34734: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns the cross product of two vectors in 4D space. The inputs are represented by 'list'
34735: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the major, minor or patch part of that number. If it's less than one thousand then
34736: This function takes in two parameters - 'Path' and ‘Component’ which are used to join the current directory with another string or file name provided
34737: This Python function takes an array of digited or alphabetic characters as input; it calculates the value by converting each character to its corresponding
34738: This Python function returns the JSON object and its HTTP Status Code. The content type is set to application json in header of returned message which can be used
34739: A python script that uses pandas to load data from an excel file and perform various operations on it.  It also saves the resultant DataFrame
34740: This function checks whether the input 'point' variable has been passed as either zero or one element. If it hasn’t then an error message will
34741: This Python function takes an 'input' and checks the value of its variable, which is then processed according to different conditions. If it matches with any
34742: This function calculates the area of an isosceles triangle given its base and side length. The formula used here to calculate it's value
34743: This Python function creates and initializes several lists. The number of shapes is determined by the parameter "para['n']", which defaults to 0
34744: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
34745: This function merges two dictionaries into one. If the same key exists both on `previous` props & subsequent prop then it will overwrite its
34746: This function takes in the first name and second names of an individual as well their other details like DOB(date), Email ids etc. It
34747: This Python script splits the URL into its component parts and returns either last or second to final part of it, depending on whether there is one more
34748: This piece of python script calculates the coordinates to be used in drawing shapes. It takes into account both screen dimensions and shape's size, thus
34749: This Python function calculates the F1 score, which is used in binary classification problems to measure accuracy of predictions at both precision and recall levels by taking
34750: This function checks if the password's and input string are of similar size. The condition is that both must be at least ten times larger than their
34751: This Python function tries to get the location from an address. If it fails, then returns `None` instead of throwing any exception or error message which
34752: Initialized variables with default values. If the variable 'precise' flag equals True, then it checks whether any of these four controls are not zero
34753: This script is used to filter out the list of 'contacts' based on their respective "companies". It returns only those entries where an entry
34754: This Python function returns the greeting in different languages. It checks which language is passed and then it gives out its corresponding hellos or salutations,
34755: This Python function converts the input string to SnackCase, ie all lower case with first letter capitalized and underscores replaced by spaces
34756: This Python function uses the builtin 'divide' and '%', which are equivalent to floor division ('//') or modulus operation. It also
34757: This Python script is used to join the current directory with an inputted filename or subdirectory in order of priority if it ends on "/". If not
34758: This script calculates the weights per class based on their sample counts and returns them as an array of floats, one float value representing each classification'
34759: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34760: "A function that takes in an input string and returns the same output" – Code is to be used as part of larger program or script,
34761: This Python function returns the value of each key from an input list. The output is another one with all values extracted and returned as they are, without
34762: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34763: This Python script calculates the ratio of digit characters to total character count from each string 'rawn' and stores it as "Digital Ratio
34764: Checks if the given string contains "File:" followed by any characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on
34765: This line of the given C++ program is responsible to convert an integer value into its equivalent address in memory. The function takes two bytes as input,
34766: This function returns the HTML string with an extra line break. The input is taken as 'html' and it appends '\n'.  It was
34767: This function takes an input, checks whether it’s `none` and returns the string representation of that. If not none then return '{input
34768: A simple Python dictionary that returns the greeting message. (END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python Code is to be used as an example
34769: This Python function splits the input string by underscores and capitalizes first letter of each word except possibly at beginning or end if it is not
34770: This line of the Python function returns True if 'id' is less than one trillion. It does so by checking whether or not "**"
34771: This is an implementation of the ACKERMANN function in Python. The base cases are defined and recursive calls to calculate values based on these
34772: If either of the two input strings are not provided, return false. Otherwise check whether they're equal and their lengths match; otherwise report as such
34773: If the value 'None' comes in as input to function `fncn` then return its own result. Otherwise call that same method with current
34774: This line of the given Python script removes all characters from index 0 to len()-3 in 'bracered expression' and returns it. The result
34775: This line of the script returns ['sstfb.nc'] which is an array containing one element 'sstfb.nc'.  It'
34776: This Python function returns the integer value of 'a' based on its string representation. If it is not one among x, y or z then return
34777: Generates JSON object with specified parameters. The 'clickData' property is set as an array of the clicked data points and mode parameter sets it at
34778: This Python function calculates the energy of an electron in terms its velocity and magnetic field strength, given by B_magnetic = √m *
34779: This function calculates the average of red green and blue values in an RGB image. If that sum is less than or equal to one halfway point
34780: This Python script attempts to import the specified module and returns its versioN. If no such attribute exists it will return "None".  In case
34781: This Python function calculates the average of all elements in list C. The length is calculated using 'len' and then it divides by that number
34782: Checks if there are any common elements in the two lists. If so, returns True; otherwise False – one way to solve it using Python
34783: This Python script calculates the present value of an array 'CASHFLOWS' using geometric series formula and returns it as TOTAL variable
34784: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent in the base three system. It does so by repeatedly dividing and concatenating with each iteration until
34785: This Python script splits the input string into lines, then iterates over each line and adds an amount of spaces to it based on its position within
34786: This Python script replaces all occurrences of items from list 'T' with the string "new". It uses replace() function to do so
34787: This Python script reads data from the 'stats' dictionary using nested loops to extract specific keys ("timestamp") within each subdictionary of type Get Send
34788: This block of Python script checks whether the number 'num_txn' is less than, equal to ,or greaterthan zero and also it does
34789: This Python function implements the Collatz Conjecture, which is an unsolved problem in number theory. The conjecture states that every positive integer
34790: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
34791: If the input "hostname", it checks whether there's no value, then returns 'None'. Else check to see what type of domain
34792: If the "row['stuud']" value is greater than or equal to three, return outcome times one cent; otherwise do not apply
34793: This script sends HTTP requests to the specified URL with JSON data. The response is returned in json format and stored as 'response' variable which can be
34794: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34795: This Python function finds all the unique identifiers used within given input string of python source codes, which are defined using 'if' statements and starts with
34796: This is the first line of Python script that starts ANSI escape codes to change text color.  It defines two variables, "ansi\_
34797: This Python script creates three empty lists and populates them with the second element of each tuple from 'path' list using indexing method []. The
34798: This script merges multiple dictionaries into one dictionary using the keys of each individual subdict as key pairs and values from all those subtrees are taken
34799: This function checks if the required keys exist within each dictionary entry of 'Network' object, then it verifies that values associated with these key are either
34800: This function checks whether the given 'timeout' value is within an acceptable time frame. If it isn’t then returns false and provides error message with
34801: This Python function converts the given number of 'Second' into hours minutes and second. The result is returned in an easy to read format like `
34802: This script looks through the list of file names and returns if it finds an entry that contains 'a parcellation' string, otherwise raises error message
34803: If the input "string" or none, return an empty String. Otherwise just keep it as given in variable 'input'.  This function will be
34804: This function converts an integer into binary representation using bitwise operations and returns the result as list of “bits” in reverse order, starting from
34805: This line of the given Python script returns an SQL timestamp. The year, month and day are passed as parameters to create it in 'YYY/
34806: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
34807: This Python script converts the input 'date' into string format and then appends '.csv'. The result is returned as output. 	Input
34808: This line of the function returns 'f' multiplied by ‘pow’ with two arguments, where n is incremented to one and then left
34809: This Python function takes an integer representing the number of seconds as input and returns it in days/hours format. If there are more than one full units
34810: If time 't' is less than or equal to the start of an event, it returns zero; otherwise... [...] Otherwise calculate and assign value
34811: Code is returning the list of cell metadata and contents. It's using Python to read in data from an IPYTHON notebook file (.
34812: Removes the first two lines of any Jupyter notebook cell that start with '``' or `'.  This is to remove mark
34813: This Python script calculates the frequency of each unique term and normalizes it by dividing every value with maximum absolute count, thus giving us an idea
34814: This Python function compares two lists and returns whether the first list is "less than" or equal to/greater. It does so by comparing
34815: If the condition is true, return value 'g'. Else check whether number of elements in list `n` less than or equal to ‘
34816: This line of Python function converts the input list to lowercase. It uses join and map functions in combination with string'd formatting method,
34817: This Python script creates an identifier based on the configuration of your FUZZER. The name is either taken from its own config or it's
34818: This Python script checks the name of an input file and returns one out … [snip] unknown. If none match, it will return '
34819: This Python function checks whether the input parameters are integers. If they aren't it raises an error and returns their sum otherwise return them added together as
34820: This function takes in the name of an existing Team and returns its corresponding Session.  It is used to generate a unique identifier that can be attached as
34821: This line of the Python script splits each string in 'key' by "___" and returns an array with these split strings as elements, effectively
34822: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each song from the given input data and adds to it as dictionary with track name & its
34823: This Python function checks whether the input number is positive or not. If it's negative, then sets 'X=O', else X = "
34824: This Python function calculates the ratio of V and Q, then multiplies it by I. The result is divided with b to get final output which
34825: This line of the Python function removes leading whitespace from string 's'.  It is equivalent to using str(string).rjust(). But it
34826: This function checks if every character of the input sequence is one from four possible characters A, C , T and G. If not it returns False else
34827: This function checks the type of an object and returns it as string or lists. If not recognized types are passed to be handled by raising error message '
34828: If either 'a' and/or ‘b’ are not defined, return "None". Otherwise compare the values of two variables. The result
34829: This Python function splits the input string into three parts using "-" as separator and then converts second part to an integer type before returning it
34830: This Python script generates FIBONACCI numbers up to the nth term using an iterative approach, where each number is calculated as sum of
34831: This Python function checks the distance between two objects and determines whether they are alive or not. It uses variables to store information about each object's speed
34832: This line of Python function calculates the sum from 0 to n. It uses bitwise shift operation, which is faster than arithmetic operations in
34833: This function takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be the string representation of some kind that might contain an ISO 9 datetime format like 'yy
34834: This Python function calculates the "weight" of an input value 'x'. The formula is “maximum between zero and minimum one”.
34835: This function calculates the sum of digits in an integer and then applies it to itself until there is only one digit left. The resultant number
34836: This function calculates an integral of some form with respect to time. The result is given by adding up all changes in position and velocity over each tim
34837: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that is rounded down to its nearest whole number, which represents how many times 'n
34838: This line of Python script is used to extract the filename from an absolute filepath, if it exists and returns only its name without extension or directory part
34839: This Python function returns either `a` is less than, equal to or greaterthan the value of variable 'b'. If they are not comparable then
34840: This Python function takes two colors as input and returns the result of mixing them. The mix operation is done by linearly interpolating between each corresponding pair from
34841: This Python function takes in an iterator object and returns the flattened version of that container using 'list' as its base data type, which
34842: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, then joins all remaining spaces with one space between each word in order to make it easier on
34843: This function calculates the maximum of two numbers in Python using builtin functions and operators like 'return', '-' etc., but it uses an exponent
34844: This line of the given Python script checks if either 'View' is present as part, and/or any word starting with an upper case letter followed
34845: This line of the given Python script returns only messages where name is not equal to 'verion_connet'.  It uses lambda function and
34846: This Python script checks whether the string starts with "-" and, in case it doesn’t start “with” - adds an additional hyphen
34847: This line of the Python script is creating an abbreviation based on two digits in year. The first digit represents one's place, and second
34848: This line of the function returns two values from an optional list, 'tlmim' override and base. If either value in that tuple isn’
34849: If the length of 'True' list is zero, it returns one. Else calculates and return mean accuracy as per given condition in python script
34850: This function attempts to split the input string by commas, and if it fails due an exception then prints out that there was some error while parsing
34851: This line of the given Python script returns an element from 'store' dictionary based on its key. The reasoners are used to decide which item is
34852: This function calculates the position of an object in two dimensions based on its direction and distance from another point. The parameters are 'pos', which is
34853: This function takes an input string and returns the appropriate type of JOIN operation based on it. It replaces underscores with nothing (""), spaces to
34854: This line of the script checks whether capacity factor variable's type matches with boolean. If it doesn’t match then raise an error message indicating that
34855: This Python function calculates the Perigeum and Apogaea temperatures based on given values of Atmospheric Pressure(Press), Temperature
34856: This function returns the value of 'task' and sets it to be short if its length is less than or equal 10. If not then
34857: This function returns the SARS bucket and path as string. (Note that it'll be used in AWS Glue ETL jobs
34858: This line of the given Python script checks if 'appname' contains string value that is equal to “KOLIBRI”. If it
34859: This function checks whether the input string is valid or not, ie., it should be at least one character long and all characters are alphab
34860: If the haps are equal in both sequences, then it's an identical sequence. – Code is checking whether two DNA strands have been
34861: This line of the given Python script is creating an HTML link with reference number as URL parameters in it's text content and returning that String which can
34862: This Python function calculates the maximum level of nested dictionaries within an input list 'cluster'. It uses recursion to traverse through each dictionary and
34863: This Python function takes an input string of the form "x_y" and returns it as two separate integers in tuples format with no leading
34864: This Python function takes as input an dictionary of lists and returns the longest list from each corresponding key value pair within that dict object; otherwise it will return
34865: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters, 'a', and their distance from zero in terms raised to power two times parameter
34866: This function splits the input string into an array of substrings based on spaces, punctuation or any other specified delimiter and returns it as
34867: This function checks if the given string starts with an equals sign followed by any number of alphanumeric characters or underscores, and returns true
34868: This Python script splits the given string by '-' and returns an integer from its last element, which is essentially checking point number in model training process
34869: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'properties' object which is expected to be of type List[Dict],
34870: This line of the given C++ function returns an unsigned integer by shifting bits to right and masking with FF. The result is returned as it
34871: This Python function calculates the nth root of ith power using mathematical formulae, which is equivalent to raising it directly in python's math
34872: This Python function compares two sets of tic_tac toe positions and returns True if they are equal, False otherwise; it uses the
34873: This line of Python script returns the result from multiplying an input by 'hkjkg' and then dividing it into zero to two decimal
34874: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'items' input, trying to append each element from vocabulary into our new "
34875: This Python function checks whether the first character of each word in an input string is not equal to "return". If it's true, then return
34876: This Python function takes an input list of lists, and returns the same output as if each sublist was sorted alphabetically but without duplicates within
34877: This Python function returns zero when the input is negative, and it also takes care of some special cases. If 'x' isn’t less than
34878: This function takes an optional parameter 'defines' and if it exists, splits the string by semicolon into list of definitions to be used
34879: This function takes an identifier and checks whether it contains the character ""@". If yes then splits that part into two parts using split() method else
34880: This Python function counts the number of elements in 'list' and returns them as dictionary. If input data isn’t ‘List', it will
34881: This function checks if the rectangle defined by its position(pos), width & height is within another given rectangular. If it's true then return True
34882: This Python script changes the names of files based on an old prefix and new one using list comprehension, which is more concise than traditional looping
34883: This program calculates the sum of digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking modulo and division operations on input number until it becomes
34884: This Python function checks whether the input is zero, and returns it in that case. Otherwise，it divides its argument by one thousandth to get
34885: This Python script creates an empty dictionary `EqualContributionsMap` to store the mapping of unique keys from 'Refs' section with their corresponding index
34886: This line of the Python script converts all characters to lowercase, which is useful when comparing strings that may have different cases but should be considered equal
34887: This Python function calculates the RA and Dec of an object given its distance from Earth in kilometers using simple trigonometry formulas with some constants
34888: Throw an error when the input is less than zero and handle it gracefully. If number equals to zeroth then returns as per requirement i
34889: This function returns the corresponding string based on an inputted percentage. If it's greater than or equal to two, then return 'WNL'.
34890: This line of Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsuis.  It does so by multiplying the input value
34891: If no denominators are given then they're set to 0.937648... per default; else it raises an error
34892: This Python function takes the path to one or more files, splits it into individual components and returns only nonempty ones as filenames of those
34893: This script will automatically detect the best possible trading algorithm based on historical data. It uses machine learning algorithms to predict future prices and make trades accordingly, using
34894: Checks if two arguments are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False – one line version of the same functionality in Python language using conditional
34895: Removes backticks from the given string 'text'.  It's an example of Python built in function to remove special characters like `,
34896: This line of the given Python script is creating and returning an ISO 9 datetime string. The formatting used in it follows 'YYMMDDHH
34897: This Python script splits the file name into its parts, then extracts and returns only one part of it that is after splitting by ".", which
34898: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in an image. The values are calculated based on screen size and aspect ratio parameters provided to it by user or
34899: This is the formula used to calculate density of an object, which depends on its volume and pressure at different pressures or temperatures in order not only provide
34900: This function calculates the Gaussian probability density at any given point x, with mean µ and full width half maximum ΔfWHM of an
34901: This line of the program initializes an empty "visited" and order list. The two are used to keep track which nodes have been processed,
34902: This function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by dividing true positives(tp)/total positive examples.  It is used in binary classification problems
34903: This program finds all the prime numbers up to 'n'. It uses an algorithm that checks divisibility by each integer from 2 until it reaches
34904: Checks the validity and formatting conditions in hexadecimal strings, raising an error when not met or missing values are present respectively..   [
34905: This Python function counts the number of transitions from one string to another. It does so by comparing each character at position 'x' with its successor,
34906: If the first character of "number" is zero and it has only one digit then returns zeroth. Else checks whether second char in string
34907: This Python script calculates the minimum distance between any two points. It does so by calculating Euclidean distances and then finding out which one is smallest among
34908: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34909: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34910: This Python function splits the given string by "/" and returns all but last part of it as list, if there is only one element in array
34911: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string, then strips it of any newline characters before matching against pattern "<anything>\\s
34912: Implement a function that takes an array of integers and returns the summation result. Code is incomplete, but it should return 0 when no positive
34913: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers based on their signs. If one number is positive and another negative, it returns division result; otherwise
34914: Checks the value of '@' and returns it, but only when its not equal to any known values or infinity; otherwise prints an error message
34915: This line of the program is creating two variables 'shapes' and assigning it to be equal with another list. The first element in both lists
34916: If the length of args is greater than 0, it formats and returns an argument at index [index='second'] in 'format string'.
34917: This line of Python script adds the values stored in variables 'a' and ‘b’, storing it into variable "c". The result is
34918: This function returns the number of bytes needed to represent an integer in binary. The return values are based on how many bits it takes from 'value'
34919: This Python script is used to filter out underscores and hyphens from the string 's'. If it encounters an underline or dash,
34920: This function calculates the coordinates of an object in relation to another. The parameters col and rows are multiplied by ten thousand before they're subt
34921: This function returns the response from the Wordpress REST API. It takes two parameters, url and endpoint which are used to formulate an absolute URL
34922: This Python script calculates the light boost level based on different conditions. It assigns an integer value to 'b' depending upon whether or not it
34923: This Python function calculates the average latitude and longitute of all given coordinates. If no coordinate is provided it returns 'None'.  The calculation
34924: This Python script is used to split the input string 'paths'. It then strips leading and trailing whitespace from each path, checks if it’
34925: This Python script calculates the sum of two lists, 'a' and ‘b’. The first element in each list is multiplied together
34926: This function returns the original encoding if it is one of Latin 1, ISO LATIN/ISO latin and ISOLatIn characters;
34927: Normalizes the given list of dictionaries by adding an entry with source named after each dictionary's 'name'.  The new entries are added to
34928: This Python function generates the reverse complements of DNA sequences. It takes as input an RNA sequence, and returns its corresponding complimentary strand by
34929: Code is checking whether the given points are collinear or not, and returning an integer value based on that result using return statement in Python language with one
34930: A dictionary object that represents the table in JSON format. The keys are Type with value as Vertically Tabulated and Title is set to 'title
34931: This line of Python script returns the resultant vectors after multiplying corresponding elements from two input lists.  The lambda function is used to perform multiplication
34932: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'len' variable, which is used as an alias or reference in other parts.
34933: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers M and N, where one number is square rooted by another using mathematical operations in python language with
34934: This Python script creates and populates the 'frames' list with dictionaries. Each dictionary contains lists of residue numbers, names or atom types as
34935: This Python function finds the closest number to 'value' from an array of numbers, and returns that one as well its difference with "None" if
34936: This function checks whether the user wants to perform any transformations on an image. If none of these are selected, it returns false; otherwise true is returned
34937: Returns the name of an active user and their ios device type. (Note that in real world scenarios you would also need to consider other
34938: This Python script splits the input string 'tag' into two parts using ':', and then returns an HTTP URL based on these split values in format
34939: This line of the given Python script splits 'banner_url'. The split is done based on '%2F') which represents two consecutive sl
34940: This Python function checks whether the given URL starts with either 'www.', ‘ftp:' ,'file:/',or any other prefixes
34941: This function modifies the first two lines of an input list by removing one character from each line. The modified string is then returned as output, with
34942: This Python function calculates the number of seconds in one year, which is approximately equal to three times more than two years and five less compared with today
34943: Generates an argument name in snake case. Replaces underscores with hyphens and converts to all lowecase letters – arg
34944: This line of the script creates an empty list called 'session' that contains only those elements from another iterable, which are not None or False and
34945: This line of the script is used to get both filename and directory name from path. The function 'basenam' returns only base part while
34946: This function returns the icon type in dictionary format. If an invalid or missing argument is passed it will default to empty string ("").  The keys are
34947: This Python function converts string numbers to their corresponding integer values. If the input is not convertible, it returns as an error message or if '
34948: This Python function calculates the difference between two voltages. The result is stored in 'voltage'.  [Your name] on date of completion,
34949: This line of the given Python script converts each element in 'coordinates' to its absolute value. The map function applies an abs() builtin
34950: This function attempts converting the input string into its equivalent of whether it is true or falsy, and returns either `True` if conversion was successful else
34951: This line of the given Python script checks whether an object 'object' belongs to list data structure or not by using `isInstance` function and also
34952: This Python script calculates the magnitude of each element within an input list, then returns that value. It uses 'sqrt' from math module to calculate
34953: This Python function checks if the string "refl1d" is present as either part of an identifier, keyword argument name and returns True/False
34954: This Python script splits an input string into individual terms using the 'plus' symbol, then it calculates and returns their total as floats or
34955: A function that creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the keys from 'Subscribers' list. The values are all set to 0
34956: If the server is nginx, return 'Default Server'. Else check whether it's one of two servers. Return '_DEFAULT'_ else
34957: If input variables are both strings or lists of the same type then return value from variable 'b'. Else check whether they're dictionaries;
34958: This Python script is used to generate the SQL insert statement from an input list of tuples, where each tuple contains three elements - two strings and
34959: This Python function checks the input 'size' and returns an integer value. If no argument or null, it defaults to return number five hundred; otherwise
34960: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from 0 to n, where each number is multiplied by its position in sequence. The result will
34961: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34962: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
34963: This Python script finds the index of ':' in an AWS ARN and if it exists, extracts part after ':'. If not found then returns
34964: This function checks the type of an object and returns its id or some other value based on that kind's specific handling rules defined by subclasses/
34965: If the boxes do not intersect then return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns area of intersection in square units using formula width*height . The calculation is done
34966: This script replaces -1 and 'None' with zeroes or nulls. It also deletion of the key named name from dictionary data structure
34967: This function returns the discount rate based on number of stars given in input, with different rates applied to each star type from lowest(*) upto highest
34968: This Python function calculates the number of pages needed to display 'N' total records. If there are any remaining undisplayed page requirements due
34969: If the URI is relative, it will be converted to absolute by adding 'http' or 'https'.  It also checks whether its parent directory exists
34970: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the result of applying mathematical operation to it. If 'input' is even, then divide by two
34971: This line of the given C# program checks whether 'int' type variable "`typeof() is not an integer or less than equal to one.
34972: This function takes an array of parameters and constructs the appropriate shell or Python scripting commands based on whether they are enclosed with double (" ") quot
34973: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
34974: This line of Python script replaces all non breaking spaces ("\uFEFF") with regular space in the given string 'text'.  It'
34975: Counts the number of opening and closing brackets. If there are no unmatched pairs, returns true; otherwise it counts down to zero when
34976: Returns True if any of the elements are equal to 'enabled status' and False otherwise.  It checks whether there is an element that matches one among
34977: This line of the given Python script returns count/length or number if even numbers are present in 'numbers' list. If no such elements exist
34978: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
34979: Counts the number of True Positives, False Negatives & 1' s own false positives. The total count is equal to n which
34980: This function calculates the ratio of green to total votes. It's used in determining whether or not an election result is valid based on its color
34981: If the 'limits' parameter isn’t provided, return false. Otherwise check whether value of "val" falls within given range [limit_min
34982: This Python script attempts to import the specified module, returning it if successful. If not found or unable – returns 'None'. The exception handling is
34983: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is equal to byte modulo two hundred sixty six. It's essentially doing some bitwise operation
34984: This Python script splits the given string into its components, increments appropriate parts of that list based on 'version part', and then joins them back
34985: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'inn' which is assumed to be of type string or any other sequence like
34986: This Python function returns the percentage of numeric value divided by another. The result is converted to string and appended with '%'. If either or both
34987: This function calculates the intersection area of two bounding boxes and returns it as float if they intersect, else return zero; otherwise checks whether any part
34988: This Python function checks whether the input variable ```'a_variable',```  and raises an error message when it isn’t of type String
34989: This Python function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It converts it to string and then reverses that, compares with
34990: This Python script attempts to find the size of an object by looking at its line outputs, if it finds one with specific keyword and converts that value
34991: This is the mathematical expression of an exponential decay function. It's used in various fields like physics, engineering and computer science to model phenomena that occur
34992: This Python function converts seconds into hours, minutes and remaining millisecondes in an array format using integer division to handle the conversion of whole numbers only
34993: This Python script attempts to convert the first character of an inputted strin into its corresponding ASCII value. If it'll be unable, then
34994: This Python script uses regular expressions to match lines that start with an alphanumeric string followed by "==", and then any number of non-"
34995: This Python function calculates the ratio of two Zetas, and returns it as double precision value in one line using mathematical formulae provided by E
34996: This Python function replaces the characters of an input word with '*' if they match up to their corresponding position and leaves them unchanged otherwise, based
34997: Code replaces 'X' with the character Y, then changes all occurrences of V" to @ and removes everything else from there onwards
34998: This line of the program converts an input value to integer and then calculates its square root. The result is rounded down using Python's built
34999: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35000: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from 1D matrix. The input is assumed to be N x M by default, but
35001: This function is an exponential decay of the input signal with time constant 'tau' and amplitude factor ‘A’, which has been shifted by some
35002: A function that returns the string "{'" response, id={}, json_version = {}. result".format(self._requestId)}
35003: This Python script converts the input '*' operator into an equivalent of its mathematical counterpart. The *operator in python is used to unpack elements
35004: This line of Python script filters the list "packages". It only includes those items where 'p' is equal to “Tipo” and value
35005: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35006: This Python script creates an object that contains information about the configuration of different types. It checks if certain keys exist within 'configuration' and, based on
35007: This Python function calculates the difference between two times from an array of time stamps. It starts by setting both 'Start' and ‘Fin
35008: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two values. The first value is the result of bitwise AND operation between 'Status' variable with
35009: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35010: This Python script reverses the rows of an input list. The 'pattern' is expected to be 3D, and it returns another three dimensional
35011: This function checks whether the input 'size' parameter has two elements that are both odd. If it does not have these conditions then returns false otherwise true
35012: This function returns an integer based on the value of 'dsv' which is either returned as it or mapped to one out off four categories. The
35013: This Python function multiplies the length or size/lengths, 'len', of list `B` by another array in variable named as
35014: Defines function to add two numbers. 1 input, one output - the result of adding 'A' and `B` as Ints in
35015: This Python function calculates the sum of an array 'x' using trapezoidal rule method to approximate integration over [a;b]. The
35016: If the protocol is 'na', it prints that no Protocol Value was Provided. Else, checks whether given string matches either of two possible
35017: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from 'min(X,Y)' to max('max') using an arithmetic series. If
35018: This line of the given Python script is returning an array where each element corresponds to one word in "group" string, split by "_". The first
35019: This Python script creates an exact copy of the given 'dictionary' and then updates it with elements from another provided "update" Dictionary object using assignment
35020: This line of the Python script is creating an output filename based on whether or not there's 'Analytics', and it returns that string with some
35021: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'filenames' array, excluding any file names that start with ".",
35022: This line of the given Python script is returning only one part from an input string, which in our case would be 'hero' after splitting it by
35023: This function calculates the value of 'f' based on its input parameters and returns three values - first parameter itself ('first_value'), second is
35024: This Python function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers. It uses built in functions to calculate and return their sums, then subtracts one
35025: This Python function tries to access an attribute of the global namespace using its name as string. If it fails, then assigns `None` and returns
35026: Checks if the given string is an empty or not, and also checks whether it contains "=". If both conditions are true then returns True else
35027: This Python function is used to encode and decode an IRI using Base30 encoding scheme in the BASE/BASEs standard as per R
35028: This Python script splits the image name into its extension and then takes all characters after 4th character of that string to get number part from it
35029: If the input config isn't of type 'list', return an error message. Otherwise it returns that its validated successfully and exits with success
35030: If 'true' is not defined, then the program will use brackets. Otherwise it won’t be used in any way and should just always
35031: This function checks whether the given string is in PINYIn format. If it's not, then return false; otherwise check last character and
35032: If the 'text' does NOT contain any occurrence of "<code>", it returns original string; otherwise replaces all occurrences with <
35033: This line of the given C++ function returns x shifted left by '(64 - n)' bits and then combined with y. The result is
35034: This Python function tries to get the query parameter from an HTTP GET or POST Request, if it fails due any reason like no such attribute error then returns
35035: This line of the program calculates and returns one minus its right operand, which is another variable named 'R'. The result will be stored in
35036: This Python function finds the integer 'i' that, when raised to power k gives us number equal or close enough. If such an index exists it
35037: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, removes punctuations and special characters from it using regular expressions in one line of python script
35038: This Python function returns the string formatted as '<Module Name>::<>' where <...>  is replaced by actual values.  The format()
35039: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns four values calculated from the first list. The calculation is done in such way that each value
35040: This script calculates the length of an Edge in Half Edges. It does so by dividing its original value with two and then stores it as
35041: This function checks if the current row or column is within one unit of another object on our game board. If it finds any, then we know that
35042: This Python script calculates the position of an object in 3D space using spherical coordinates, and then uses these values to calculate velocity vector components based
35043: This function checks if the first five characters of string "name" are all lowercase letters. “and” is used to chain multiple conditions together
35044: If the value of 'dmg' is less that zero, it raises an error. Otherwise; returns string representation with prefix D and number as per
35045: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'n' number of questions and appends their corresponding values from human metrics dictionary
35046: This Python function generates an array of strings from the input list. If there is only one element it returns that string otherwise adds spaces between elements and wrap
35047: If the length of string ‘s’ and 't' are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process in next line... [
35048: This function calculates the product of three numbers. The input parameters are 'p', ‘a’, and "n". It returns their multiplication
35049: Code creates an array with the value of n minus one, then starts looping through it from index zero to end. The variable 'j' is
35050: If the configuration exists, checks whether it contains an entry named 'hub' before assigning its value to variable ```Hub```.  Otherwise
35051: If the object `has attr` is of type GeoInterface then return it. Otherwise create an interface from which to get features and assign that as feature
35052: This is an equation that calculates the value of some function based on input parameters, which seems to be related with weight and height in calculating BMI
35053: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35054: This function takes in two arguments - repo root and the file/directory name to be joined with repository's base directory using 'os'.  It
35055: Creates an empty dictionary and copies all keys from the input 'Table' into it, then returns that new copied Dictionary object as output of function
35056: This Python function finds the maximum number from an input list. It starts by setting it to be equal with first element of given array, then iterates
35057: This Python function checks if the given document keys are permutations of each other. If they're not, it returns 'False'. Otherwise,'True
35058: This script generates the positions of all items that are partnered with an event.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively go through each dictionary
35059: This function checks the value of an input parameter and returns it in string format, either as 'True' ('1') when its boolean equivalent to `
35060: This function returns the three variables in reverse order based on their direction. If 'z' is given as '-', it will return them reversed otherwise
35061: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the items of 'input_dictionary'. If each key is found within another dict called
35062: This function returns the reciprocal of one divided by its argument squared, which is an inverse square root operation in mathematics and it's commonly
35063: Throws Domain Error when the parameter is not within valid range. Parameter should have value between two inclusive &lt;= 10^4
35064: Split an ID into namespace and local part, then return last element of split list. If not two elements are found or if first is empty/
35065: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35066: If no command line parameters are given, it returns the current settings; otherwise modifies them as per user input – only overrides existing keys that
35067: This SQL query selects distinct characters from the database that appear in specific games and whose ryuno is one less than their corresponding character title number
35068: This is an implementation of the Haskell function that checks whether or not parentheses in string are balanced. It uses dictionary to map opening and
35069: This function takes in three parameters, coord which is the coordinate value to be rounded and returns it after being multiplied by 3. The result of
35070: This script is used to create dictionaries with file names from the configuration data. The keys of these dictionary are unique identifiers and corresponding values represent actual
35071: This Python script splits the string "s" into individual elements and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting using space as delimiter which is
35072: This Python script converts the dictionary values to their conjugates and returns it as another dict object named 'complex'.  It's essentially doing an
35073: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35074: This function calculates the value of alpha divided by sqrt n, where 'a' and ‘b’ are parameters to be passed in from
35075: This Python function takes an input separator and splits the given strings into list of substrings using that as delimiter, then returns them all
35076: If the variables 'i' and/or "j" are equal, return their value. Otherwise subtract one from both values to get an answer
35077: This function calculates the surface area of an object given its width and heigth. The result is halfed to account both sides, considering that
35078: This is an implementation of the Collatz conjecture in Python. It takes input 'n' and returns how many steps it would take to reach one
35079: This line of Python script is splitting the string into separate values using comma as separator and storing them in 'splitted' list/array, then
35080: This Python function flattens an input list by removing any empty sublists. It uses the continue statement to skip over and move on if it enc
35081: This line of the function takes an input file's full name, separates it into its directory and filename components using 'spliceext', then
35082: A dictionary comprehension that creates an empty dict and populates it with the values from 'nodes' list. The keys are publicKeys, while each
35083: A function that returns the name of parser associated with given layer.  It's used to identify which type/format is being parsed by different par
35084: If the 'None' or less than 4 elements in list, return as string. Else format and display major/minor versions of software
35085: This is an implementation of the Gray Code algorithm. It converts binary numbers to their gray representation by flipping and shifting one bit at each step,
35086: This function checks whether the second tile in list of 3 or more is equal to third one. If it's true, then returns "True
35087: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, and returns the summation result. If there is only one number in that list it simply return
35088: This Python script checks the type of each token on an input string. If it encounters any keyword or reserved word, returns false; otherwise true is
35089: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35090: This function calculates the remainder of division by x. The result is between [0..((y/z)-3)] inclusively and it
35091: If the variable 'time' does not exist, set it to ‘zero’. Otherwise return its value in milliseconds with three decimal places
35092: If the 'RowData' object exists in local storage then use it. Otherwise create one with provided data and return that or else provide current stored value
35093: This line of Python script calculates the number hours in one minute. The result is multiplied by fifteen to get an hourly rate, which can
35094: If the index is out of range, return false. Check whether it'is at last position or not; in case both are true then check that
35095: This Python function takes an input list and returns the same output as rotating elements in reverse order of n from right to left, but instead it creates sub
35096: This function checks whether the given parameters are valid. If any of them isn't an integer or falls outside its range it returns false; otherwise true
35097: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35098: Return dictionary with model details.  Model type is 'Model' and operation performed by the user in dict format as args[0] which refers to
35099: This function checks whether two intervals overlap. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as the result of their overlapping condition in terms
35100: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not there is an empty space in "sent" at index i. If it finds one, then
35101: If the input number is zero, it returns three. Otherwise，it shifts left two bits and adds one to result of shift operation which gives us an
35102: This Python function checks whether the given 'object' or variable has an instance of tuple/list. If it does then returns its first element else return
35103: This line of the given C++ function is performing an operation that involves shifting bits in x and merging them with existing values. The resultant value
35104: This line of Python script is used to extract the first part from an arXive ID that matches certain criteria and returns it as output which can be
35105: This line of the Python script is rotating an angle in degrees to be between [-pi, pi]. If it's less than (-π), we
35106: This function checks if the first list is equal to another. If it's true, then returns 'True', otherwise -> "False".
35107: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
35108: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35109: This Python script calculates the length of two strings and creates an auxiliary 3D list to store dynamic programming results. It then fills up dy_
35110: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns 'zeta induced' by multiplying an input number, "x", with another constant. The
35111: This function checks if the value of uiBlock is divisible by 3 or not. If it's true then returns True else False based on
35112: Throw an error when the input is larger than 4,198. This function takes in one parameter 'n' and throws Argument
35113: This Python script calculates the sum of dividends per year by multiplying each investment's value with its corresponding interest rate. The result is then
35114: This line of the given python script is creating two masks, one with bit position 'j' and another has bits at positions ‘k’
35115: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the given 'credentials' object, checking if each one is already present within that new
35116: This Python script splits the input string into separate sentences, adds spaces between them and new paragraphs at end of each sentence to create an output that
35117: This Python function converts Kilometers to Reamurs by subtracting the temperature in Celsius from it and then multiplying with factor
35118: This Python function sorts an array of dictionaries by the value associated with 'name' key. The number and type information is not included as it was
35119: This Python function checks whether the dictionary has an entry with key 'links'. If it does not exist then returns empty list; otherwise creates and appends
35120: This line of the Python function returns maximum between ‘min’ and 'max' functions applied to two input parameters. It ensures that both inputs are
35121: This function calculates the refraction coefficient based on two coefficients. The first one is used to calculate an initial estimate, and then it uses that as
35122: This Python function checks if the given object s contains attributes like group by method in pandas dataframe.  It also verifies that it is not
35123: This function checks if the given string contains any of these keywords in its content, which could be used to identify certain properties or attributes related with size/
35124: This function returns the path to an SQLITE database file. The directory and filename are provided as parameters, with '.' being used in place of '/
35125: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35126: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'notKeys' variable and adds any keys that are present within it to another new
35127: This function normalizes the input value 'x' between 0 and  1. The normalization is done based on minimum, maximum values of given data
35128: This function checks if the minimum of one list is less than or equal to maximum from another. It also does similar check on other endpoints in case
35129: Create an empty dictionary to store the data. ...(continued...) ...   # Continue from where it left off in your previous response,
35130: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3d space. The input parameters are four point coordinates and returns one value which is calculated as
35131: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence. The function takes as input one string, which represents some letters from A to Z and
35132: This line of the Python script is creating and returning an identifier string. The id number will be generated based on 'visitor' key which can change
35133: This line of the function checks if precision ‘Precision’ is less than another value, which in our case would be 'other'. The result
35134: This Python script splits the input string into three parts separated by ":" and converts them to integers respectively then calculates total number of millisecond
35135: This Python function calculates the maximum speed of sound in an object given its mass and surface area, using formula derived from physics principles such as Coul
35136: This function calculates the profit margin based on cost price, sell prices and inventory. The result is rounded to two decimal places as it'd be
35137: This function returns the second element of list if it's name is 'block1'. If not, then return an empty array. – Code
35138: This function returns the name of file without extension.  It checks if it ends with .html, and in that case adds htm to end else
35139: This function returns the color based on whether or not it's in normal mode. If 'trendMode = true', then colors are returned differently
35140: This line of the Python function returns True if all three RGB values are equal to white. It does so by comparing rgb_color with tuple(
35141: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each line of the input Morph file using 'for', splitting it into key/value
35142: Changes the label of an object in Kubernetes YAML file.  The function takes three parameters - key, newValue and yml
35143: This Python function converts time in format 'hhmmss' to milliseconds since epoch, ie., the number of seconds that have passed
35144: This script filters out the 'Network' tab events with name as Resource Send Request and extract data from them, storing it into dictionary format which is then
35145: This line of the program checks if any character from ‘text’ is within either lowercase or upper case letters. If it finds such, then
35146: This Python function converts an integer to binary, removes the '0b' prefix and then counts how many ‘ones’ are in it by
35147: This line of the program assigns values from two different rectangle objects to variables.  The coordinates are assigned in such way that one object is completely inside
35148: This Python script converts the service's network security into an ASCII art format. The input is expected to be either 'WPA',
35149: This Python script splits the input string into an array of strings by commas, then returns that list as output – it's essentially doing
35150: This Python script counts the number of ‘ones’ found within an array. It does so by iterating over each element and incrementing counter when
35151: This Python script adds, deletes or shows routes using the 'ip route' command in Linux/Unix systems with specific parameters based on an input
35152: This Python function checks whether the input 'inpt' has been passed as an instance of List or Single value. If it isn’t then convert
35153: This Python function counts the number of lower case and upper cases letters separately, then returns an average ratio between these two types as “ratio” which
35154: Create an empty list to store the MPG values. Loop through each row in your dataframe, calculate and append their corresponding MPG value into
35155: If the string is not empty, returns second word of split result; otherwise it will be 'None'.   [END SUMMARY].```python
35156: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern to find two word characters followed by an optional space and then four or five digits in length; if it
35157: This function concatenates the string 'organization' with input variable `domain`.  It is used to create an organization name from given website/
35158: A Python script that creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of lines using key/value pairs where each name is associated
35159: This line of the Python script calculates wind chill factor based on given parameters, which is an empirical formula derived from meteorology and physics literature that
35160: This function checks whether the input 'dime' is less than or equal to zero. If it isn’t then we set `numbe`
35161: This script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two bounding boxes. The width is calculated as difference between these values in both dimensions respectively –
35162: This Python script checks the 'item' dictionary to see whether it contains keys named after specific projects. If so, then returns true; otherwise false is
35163: This Python function checks whether the value of 'X' is equal to an integer or not. If it equals "A", then returns zero; otherwise
35164: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'm== 1', it returns one
35165: This function returns the first item from an array that has @publicID equal to given id. If no such element is found, then return none
35166: This Python function returns half of the input number when it's even, and three times that plus one otherwise. It is an example to demonstrate how
35167: This Python script calculates the area of circle using its radius and returns it as output in console or return statement if function is called directly from another module
35168: This script calculates the number of frames between two given points in an array. It also keeps track if any changes have been made to these values during
35169: If either of the keys are not present, return false; otherwise compare and possibly trim any leading/trailing ' | '.  The function will then
35170: This Python function converts the input string to degrees and minutes into decimal form if it's given as an angle value with either degree or minute notation
35171: This function returns True if the length of 'input' is greater than or equal to 1/3 times its total number digits, False otherwise
35172: This function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of all even numbers in that range. 0 is considered to be both odd &even;
35173: This python function calculates the value of 'bb' based on some conditions. The calculation is done in such way that it gives an integer result which
35174: If the variable 'ii' isn’t defined, return value of one. Otherwise add to it and then returned as result from function.";
35175: This Python function checks whether the input list 'ys' contains only iterables. If it does contain any noniterative elements then an error will raise
35176: This Python function takes an array 'F' and returns two subarrays of the same length. The first one starts from index ‘i’
35177: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'cameras' object and appends each individual Camera ID to its own "
35178: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35179: This Python function calculates the accumulated average of an array 'n' divided by its total number and then multiplies it with each bin value to
35180: This function returns the parent and child iteration as concatenated strings.  It's used to generate unique identifiers in some contexts, such like file
35181: This function checks if the given number is present within any of three subgrids. If it's found then return false else continue to check other
35182: This function returns the corresponding letter based on an integer coordinate. If no match is found, it will return 'None'.  The input and output are
35183: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two indices. The alpha parameter is used to control how much weight should be given when comparing values
35184: This function calculates the value of an uncertain parameter. It takes two parameters 'prior' &amp;#x3D;&gt;"The initial
35185: This Python script sorts the list of tuples 'first' by two elements in ascending order. The second element is used as sorting criteria
35186: This Python function checks BMI and returns appropriate message based on its value – whether it's below normal or not; also provides additional information about
35187: This function is used to multiply three items if they are present, otherwise it returns the first one only."  # noqa E96
35188: This line of the script creates an exact copy/duplicate list named 'strippedItems' from another variable called "item".  It is important
35189: This line of the function calculates and returns squared difference between actual value 'Y' with predicted or estimated values. It is used in regression models
35190: This Python function generates the WKT representation of line string from list coordinates. The input is coordinate pairs and SRD ID, it converts them
35191: Code is an empty dictionary. It does not do anything but returns nothing or the result of no operation, depending on context and requirements in use case scenario
35192: This function returns the target file name based on given measurement and agent UUID. The returned filename is in CSV format with '.' as separator character
35193: This Python script creates an object that represents the intents of different user inputs. It takes as input list 'questions' and returns dictionary with "intent
35194: If the dictionary object `dict` does not exist, it will return 'default' as its value; otherwise，it splits each part of "
35195: This function takes in text as input and returns an HTML list item with the given string.  The output is formatted using html tags to create unordered
35196: Check if any of the two texts are present within either 'account from' and/or ‘Account to’. If so, return true;
35197: This Python function checks the value of 'a' and returns different values based on its condition. If "else" clause is not present, it will
35198: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from two lists. The first list 'tiles' contains 36 elements and each one
35199: Sorts the list of dictionaries by "Time".  This is done using Python's built in sort function with lambda as key argument to
35200: This Python script checks if the input string contains two Unicode characters, and then decodes them to ASCII before returning it as output of function "
35201: This Python script splits the IRI of an OWL class or property, extracts and converts its ID to lowercase if it is
35202: This is an implementation of the power function using bitwise operations. It multiplies 'a' by itself modulo some prime number, with each iteration
35203: This function converts the given time in seconds to different units of measurement based on its value using Python' builtin round() and string formatting functions
35204: Returns the payment token with its id and current state. 1/3 of total lines are used to represent dictionaries in Python programming language which is
35205: This Python function raises an error when the input is less than zero, and returns its absolute value otherwise it calculates cude root of given number using
35206: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
35207: This Python function takes in the string "name" and returns it with first character of each word capitalized using lambda functions, then joins them together
35208: This python function calculates the average and standard deviation of two variables. The formula used is based on their relationship to each other in terms that they are
35209: This Python script filters out the 'datasets' list based on their state and then sorts them by metadata modified time, with most recently updated first
35210: This function takes three arguments and returns them in the required format.  The first two are strings, while third is an integer which represents some operation to
35211: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an approximate value that represents how much time is spent between two gaps in nanoseconds. The
35212: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that filters out all elements from 'items' where origin trial is equal to given name ('FeatureName
35213: This function returns the filtered list of items in 'filter' based on whether they are not present or absent.  It uses Python builtin functions to
35214: This Python function multiplies the input parameters 'c', ‘epsilon’, and "k". The result is returned. It's an example
35215: If the number is divisible by one, then it returns zero. This condition checks whether or not an inputted integer can be divided evenly into
35216: This Python function generates the largest possible value of 'n' that can be represented by ‘pow(base, exp):’. The base is
35217: This function determines the type of publication email to be sent based on various conditions. It checks different types, such as 'Article Commentaries',
35218: This function unrols nested lists and tuples into one dimension. If the input sequence isn't iterable it returns an array with only
35219: This Python function returns '>>' when the first bit of an integer is zero, otherwise it will return '-'. The logic behind its operation can be
35220: This function checks if the current architecture ('host') matches either 'X86' and/or ‘amd’, which are common architectures
35221: This Python function performs matrix multiplication on three input vectors. The result is the product of each pairwise combination in order to generate new output vector(s
35222: This Python function takes an input of 'orientation' and returns the corresponding turn in terms on one line. It uses conditional statements to determine which return
35223: This function takes in the coordinates of an object's boudning box and its width/image height, then returns four rounded values representing top left
35224: This Python script generates an array of 'range' values, but it uses nested loops to achieve the same result. The outer loop runs k times and
35225: Code checks whether two reports have the same number of hits. If they do, it sets diff['eq_HITS'] to 'Yes'.
35226: This Python function replaces all occurrences of certain special symbols with their length and the symbol itself. The input is string 'text'. It iter
35227: This line of the given Python script returns data from 'parsed_json' dictionary. The key "results" is used to access and retrieve specific
35228: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one divided by ten to an exponent. The result is equivalent with "one over n" where
35229: This function returns the priority of an input string. It maps strings to their corresponding integer values based on whether they are 'key's in some dictionary
35230: If the input list has 3 or less elements, it joins them with dots and returns; otherwise adds zeros to make its length equal four until
35231: This is the identity matrix in Python's numpy library as an array of floats with three rows and columns where each element represents its position along
35232: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The number 36 is multiplied by two, which gives us another
35233: This function checks the type of input string, removes unnecessary quotes from it based on its starting/ending character(s), then returns cleaned up version as
35234: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from each line of the input file, if it's empty or just contains spaces; otherwise returns an un
35235: This Python script calculates the sum of two dictionaries and returns it as another dictionary with keys from both input dicts combined if they exist; otherwise
35236: If the maximum pixel value is zero, it returns 'zero'. Otherwise return percentage of pixels that fall within max and min range. The result will be
35237: This Python script reads input from the user, splits each nonempty string into two parts at ':' and stores them as key/values pairs within
35238: This Python script retrieves the version of an installed software from its metadata file, if it exists; otherwise returns "None".  The function is named
35239: This function takes two crops as input and returns the smallest rectangle that encloses both of them. The coordinates are returned in order from left to right
35240: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute n items into r groups, where each group can contain one item from any set and no order is
35241: This Python script writes the contents of two lists into text files with names that end either .csv or '.json'. If they don't already exist
35242: This Python script calculates the value of an expression based on some conditions. The function takes as input two lists and returns one integer that represents whether or
35243: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
35244: This function checks if the given string is equal to 'input'. If it does, then returns True. Otherwise False or an error message depending on what
35245: This Python function splits the input string into parts, then checks each of these to see if it starts with 'MC' or begins as an abbrevi
35246: Checks the type of 'Value' and modifies its dictionary based on whether it has an attribute named `Kind` or no such thing exists in
35247: If the given 'index' is not negative, return it. Otherwise add its absolute value to itself and then subtract 1 from resultant number
35248: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space and returns an adjusted length score based on that calculated value, with weights
35249: If the sum of 'c' and both other numbers is not zero, return their ratio; otherwise it returns one point as default value in Python programming
35250: This Python script reads JSON data from the given file and creates an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents one "station" with its position index as
35251: This Python script splits the input into separate sentences/words and filters out any empty strings from each sentence or word before returning them as lists of non
35252: This function takes an input value, checks whether it is null or nonnumeric and converts the numerics to string format before replacing newline characters
35253: This line of Python script returns the list with all occurrences except one.  It uses List Comprehension to filter out elements that are
35254: This Python function raises domain error if the input is invalid. It calculates and returns one of two roots depending on whether ```'squareRoot',
35255: This function converts the input to floating point number if possible, otherwise it returns false. If conversion is not successful then true will be returned as default
35256: This line of the given Python script checks if 'c' has an attribute named type. If it does and its value is literal then assigns to
35257: This Python function performs an XOR operation on two numbers while simultaneously shifting the values of 'A' to its left by one bit, then dividing
35258: This line of the given Python script is extracting data from dictionary "d" using key 'uitslag'. The value associated with that particular Key ('
35259: This line of the Python script converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The input is 'q' and it returns with 49
35260: This Python function checks whether the input is of type string and contains only characters from set {'a', ‘c’, t , g}. If
35261: This python script calculates the number of zeros present at each column. It does so by iterating over all rows and columns, adding 1
35262: If the length of 'codes' is less than three, return an empty list; otherwise create two lists "ab" &amp;"ba",
35263: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
35264: If the input parameter ```isnot``` of function name doesnt exist or its type isn’t correct then it raises an error with message
35265: This function checks the name of data types and returns their corresponding Python equivalent. It also handles some special cases like 'struct', ‘char’,
35266: This function checks whether the year is within specified range. If not, it returns false; otherwise - true depending on conditions met in above cases and other
35267: Sorts the list of tuples in Python by firstly sorting them based on their second element, and then if they have same values it
35268: This Python function checks the presence of certain keys and values within an input dictionary, returning `False` as soon they are missing/incorrectly
35269: This line of Python script adds .1 to the value stored in 'X' and then rounds it off, effectively increasing its integer part by one unit
35270: This Python function replaces hyphens and slashes with underscores, then converts any character that is not an alphanumeric or space
35271: This Python function checks the order of three given numbers. If one number is less than another, it returns that index; otherwise return an array with elements
35272: This Python function returns the heat pump efficiency of hydrogen and electricity based on their respective GHSP fractions in an object structure {}. The values are
35273: This Python function calculates the total of all nonzero digits from an integer x. It converts each number to string, then iteratively checks
35274: This Python script fetches data from the specified URL and assign it to variable 'var' using dask library in python3 	and returns these
35275: This Python function calculates the length of an input string by finding its last occurrence 'H' in reverse order. The result is then subtracted from
35276: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the input number 'n' where each element is obtained by taking modulo with three. The process repe
35277: If there are more than one types in the list, return them as joined string. Else just returns first element of that single item or its value
35278: This function calculates the value of an equation based on five variables, with some complex terms and constants in between which is given by formula provided above;
35279: A new transaction with the given parameters is created. The toAddress field contains an email or IP Address and log holds no logs yet; queueCount indicates
35280: This Python function copies the matched dictionary and creates an output list of unique elements from each matching pair's second element only if it is present within its
35281: This Python function calculates the forward contract rate. It takes in three parameters, 'R', ‘k’ and c'. The formula used is
35282: This Python function tries to return the node attribute of an object, if it exists; otherwise returns another default value provided as parameter – in case there
35283: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35284: This Python function takes an input string, 'text', and returns the unique characters found within that given sentence/string as output list of strings sorted al
35285: If the string is empty, return false. Else check first character of each word in case it’s uppercase or not; otherwise continue checking
35286: Checks whether the inputted text is all in capital letters.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise -> Returns True or False
35287: This Python script is used to generate the list of all unique first and last name combinations from an input dictionary, where each entry has 'q' as
35288: This line of the Python script checks if two variables, 'gcs\_' and '_datasets', are equal. If they match it returns
35289: This function replaces all spaces in the input string with hyphens, effectively turning it into URL friendly formatting by replacing each space character (" ") to
35290: This function calculates the probability of an event occurring in one attempt. The formula is based on geometric distribution, which describes how many times we need to
35291: This Python script generates and returns the text of all runners from an input list. The output is then stored as one long line, separated by comm
35292: This line of the Python script returns an integer corresponding to each day in week. The days are numbered from Sunday='Week[7], Monday
35293: Checks if the given coordinates are within or on one of two boxes. 1st Box is defined by points(point[0],...).
35294: This Python function calculates the average of each coordinate's second and third element. The result is returned as two elements separated by comma with parenthes
35295: This line of the Python program is performing bitwise AND operation on two binary numbers. The result will be another number that represents only one set bits in
35296: This Python function converts decimal numbers to hours and minutes in the format of "DDD days HH hrs MM min sec". If input
35297: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
35298: If the 'change' variable isn’t defined, return null. – Code checks whether or not to proceed with an operation based on certain conditions
35299: This function calculates the contribution of each play in terms on average, based upon how much more yards they contributed than their opponent's total yardage
35300: This function calculates the length of Longest Common Subsequence between two strings. If either string is empty it returns zero as there are no common substr
35301: This function checks whether the input is of type string with '-' as separator or else it returns false; then splits them into start & endpoint
35302: This Python script converts the number of hours into days. It does so by dividing it with an approximate conversion factor, which is one day'
35303: This script checks if the given tag has an attribute starting with ' data - ', and other specific attributes like href, target etc., in its dictionary of
35304: This Python function checks if an argument is within the specified range. If it's in, then return True; otherwise False or None depending on whether
35305: This line of Python script returns the reciprocal or inverse value, which is equal to one divided by its input number's size/length in
35306: Returns the inverse of what it's given. If condition is true, returns false; if not then True – used to negatively affect AWS
35307: Return the primary key of each item in an array, followed by its name.  This is done using Python's string formatting capabilities to create
35308: This Python function calculates the AST of an astrophysical system using various parameters, including Lambda and Eta solar values multiplied by some
35309: Code checks whether the condition is present or not. If it's there, returns that value; otherwise return 'False'. (END OF
35310: If the property 'root_devicename' is present, return its value. Otherwise check whether there are mappings and find one with virtual
35311: This Python script splits the input strings by semicolon and then checks if each id is already present or new to generate an output with all distinct
35312: This function checks if all characters of the string are digits using Python's builtin isDigi method and returns True or False accordingly based on
35313: This Python script generates an output string from the input list of tuples, where each tuple contains two elements - one is character and another number which
35314: This Python function returns the corresponding value based on an input 'label'. If no match is found, it defaults to return "default" which has been
35315: If the current node's maximum recursion has been reached, return its value. Otherwise calculate and add to 'total'. Continue until reaching base
35316: This line of Python script converts the input into one flattened, single dimension array using itertool's chain function and from iteration method in
35317: If the "language" option isn't set, return false and true otherwise; else continue with execution of next line(s).  This checks
35318: This line of the program calculates and returns an average score from three grades, which is then used to determine student's grade based on their performance
35319: Copies the reference and pops out '_ids', then converts it back to dictionary format using original keys as new ones, returning modified parameters object
35320: This Python function takes an input string of times in the format HHMMSS and converts it into hours.minutes seconds as integers using python
35321: This function takes in an input string, removes all the periods from it and returns that as output – "frequency". The result is then converted to
35322: This function checks the coordinate name and returns its corresponding symbol, or raises an error when it doesn't recognize any of them – in Julia language
35323: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway point between leftward velocity(`vel_Ltg.getVelocity()[
35324: A dictionary comprehension that splits the input string into key/value pairs and assigns them to variables respectively using Python syntax" -->
35325: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem
35326: A list comprehension is used to create the filter conditions based on topics and their percentages from highest percentage firstly creating filters using range operator with g
35327: This Python script checks the validity of an inputted url and adds necessary prefixes to it, such as 'http' or https depending on whether they
35328: This line of the given Python script is returning an item from JSON data. The returned value corresponds to "Title" in music information stored within 'json
35329: This Python function breaks up the input string into separate "word" elements, separated by commas in place of spaces or other specified characters and returns them
35330: If the 'target' phrase is found within any of three lists, return true. Else check whether it exists as key to dictionary and returns its
35331: This function returns the second part of an URL pattern, which is usually after "/" in url formatting or regex matching process by Python's '
35332: This function returns True if the input is equal to 'password', otherwise it will print an error message and then stop execution. (END SUM
35333: This Python function checks the value of 'mode' and returns different display properties based on its content. If it is set to single, then no output
35334: This program uses the modulo operator to determine if 'tmp' is divisible by ‘b’. If it isn, then we increment our
35335: This function calculates the negative half of logarithm and quadratic part in Gaussian distribution with given variance, x value as input parameter which is subtracted from
35336: Replaces all whitespace characters with single space.  This is an example of string manipulation in Python using regular expressions and the `replace` function
35337: This function calculates the value of t in terms with respect to alpha. The result is complex number, which can be used as an input into other
35338: If the 'SubCloudStatus' object exists and its status field has been set to True then return an dictionary with two keys - one key named as
35339: This function returns the dictionary of all possible combinations. It's used to generate permutations and subsets, which are essential parts when dealing with combinator
35340: This line of Python script adds two numbers together. The sum is stored in the variable 'result'.  It's very simple and straightforward, but
35341: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35342: This script will take the first and last character of each element from 'header' list, then it returns these characters as strings.  It is used
35343: This line of Python script returns the first N elements from an array, excluding last element.  It's similar to slicing in other languages
35344: This function takes two dictionaries as input, and returns another one with keys that are common to both of them but values computed by applying bitwise AND
35345: If the fourth character of "Cloud" is an uppercase letter, replace it with zeroes. Otherwise append all characters from fifth to end in Cloud
35346: This Python function checks the input string 'path' and returns one of four possible strings based on whether it contains certain keywords. If none match, an
35347: This Python script sorts the list of five numbers in ascending order and then returns their average as calculated by adding up all elements except first one which is
35348: This script reads the READMe content from its parent directory if it exists; otherwise returns an empty string – Code snippet to be used in
35349: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35350: This function takes in two parameters, the first is "library" which should be of type String and second parameter will depend on what you want to do
35351: Initializes an empty string to store the model name. If data augmentment is enabled, it will set that as true in 'ft_mode'
35352: This Python function splits the input string into separate line strings, then returns an integer representing how many characters are left on each of these new 'columns
35353: Code snippet to train the CheMPROP Model.  If set, it will also include feature extraction if specified; an Molecular Property
35354: This function takes an input of type String and checks whether it contains '_' or not. If yes then the first part after underscore is taken as
35355: This script uses learning rate schedules to gradually reduce the training time. The first step is at 3% of all epoch, and then it reduces
35356: This function checks if an ID exists within the given list of paths. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned after checking all items inside
35357: This function checks if the given string is empty. If it'is, then returns false; otherwise true or return statement depending on whether there are sentences
35358: This line of Python script replaces the pipe character " |" with an underscore in all elements within 'pipeline_list'.  It'
35359: If the given string is present as an entry key, it returns that value from dictionary; otherwise split by dot and recursively call function to find nested
35360: This Python function takes an integer and its 'base' as input, converts the number to that basis using modulo operation until it becomes 1
35361: This Python function calculates the maximum x and minimum Y coordinates of an array. The input is assumed to be sorted by X coordinate first then sorting
35362: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on two variables, 'row' &amp;quot
35363: This Python function creates an HTML string based on the log levels. If no such kind of logs exists, it returns original message and its color is set
35364: This Python script checks the value of 'Target Name' and assigns it to its corresponding name in terms. If no match is found, then returns
35365: This line of Python script converts the input string to lowercase if it's 'D', then returns an appropriate unit name based on that value
35366: This function returns the node name and output slot of an input. (Note that it's not clear from your question whether you want to
35367: This line of the Python function checks if an ID exists in range [1,7] or outside that. If it does exist then returns True else
35368: This function converts the RGB values of colors in linear space to sRGB, which is more commonly used by computers and graphics software than CIE
35369: If the 'data_iD' starts with "CFSV2", return year of current date, else returns two years from today’s
35370: This Python function checks the input 'segr' to see whether it can be classified as either dictionary object ('dict') in python. If so then
35371: Checks if the first character of an array is either lowercase or uppercase letter, and it can be underscore. 0x89
35372: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35373: This Python script creates and returns reversed copies of all elements within the list 'lst' using slicing technique with step - 3, which
35374: This Python script creates an array by taking every nth element from the original one and appending it to another list twice with last item of source Array
35375: If the input is less than (-∞), return negative infinity. Else, check whether it's greater or equal to three times one million
35376: This function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses recursion to calculate each number in its own right and returns it along with two
35377: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' using arithmetic progression. It is an example demonstrating how Python handles
35378: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns square value. The variable 'i' is raised to power two, which results in its squ
35379: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to "(Original Gravitational Pull Force minus Final)" times
35380: This line of the given C++ function returns true if and only when x is odd. It does so by shifting right 'i' bits in binary
35381: This function is trying to call the device pixel ratio of an object, and if it fails then prints out error message with exception details in case any issue
35382: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the items from 'my_input' using list comprehension to iteratively assign keys as
35383: This function checks if the last byte of 'data' is equal to its corresponding value in ChecKSUM. If they are not, it returns
35384: This Python script calculates the points of intersection between two circles with given radii and centers in space using Euclidian distance formulae to find
35385: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'intervals' which are tuples of two numbers representing start and end
35386: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35387: Removes the suffix from given string.  If no such prefix exists, returns original input as it is not modified and if there are multiple occurre
35388: This Python function converts the input string into boolean value based on its case insensitive representation ("True" or “False"). If it cannot recognize
35389: If the list is sorted or not. 0 <= n < 364879; return true when length of array less than equal to
35390: This is an implementation of a simple Bayesian Network. It takes two probabilities as input, representing the probability that positive and negative outcomes occur respectively in each
35391: This function takes an iterative object as input and returns the flattened version of that iteraiton in form one line using Python's
35392: This program will keep on running until the value of 'low' is less than ‘x’. The variable "Lower" keeps getting multiplied
35393: This Python script checks whether the integer variable 'itn' falls within two specific ranges. If it does, then prints out that its value lies in
35394: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35395: This Python script calculates the modular multiplicative inverse of 'base' under Modulo operation. The loop continues until "power" becomes zero, and
35396: This line of the given Python script is returning an object id in string format. The variable '{}' represents any number, and it will be replaced
35397: Code: "::" + String, Length of the string is greater than 0. If true then it returns that same value otherwise throws an
35398: This function checks the type of 'input' parameter; If it’s string then returns that as output else check whether input value ‘None”
35399: This Python script checks if the first element of an expression in form 'identifier :: rest' can be either "_", starts with '_', has two elements
35400: This function returns the predicted value of 'x' divided by its noise. It is used to normalize or scale predictions in machine learning models, especially
35401: This line of Python script returns the reverse dictionary where keys are IDs and values is name from 'disk' map as per requirement but it does not
35402: This Python script reads from the 'data' list and creates pairs of files with their corresponding outputs using dictionary entries as keys to filter tasks based on those
35403: This Python function splits the given directory string into two parts. If it's an empty last part of path then return only one half else concaten
35404: This function calculates the probability of an event by dividing 0.987643, which is equivalent to one minus zero in
35405: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into individual "words", and then checks the length of each one to see whether or not they
35406: This function takes two unsigned integers x and y, performs an AND operation on the first four bytes of each integer to get rid off any extra bits that
35407: This script creates an array of the specified size with all elements being "O" and then fills it up to be either B if its index is
35408: This script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each string within the list of input.  It uses Python's builtin `range` function
35409: Replace underscores with spaces and convert the first character to an UpperCase.  Code is used in Scala's String class which repl
35410: This line of the given Python script is creating and assigning to 'r_string' variable, it takes input string from user then extracts first
35411: A TOML file with the name 'config' and version ‘v4’ is generated in Python using Chromiuim library, which
35412: This Python function converts an input string into its equivalent ASCII representation. It creates and returns the same output as str() but does so more efficiently
35413: Returns the event name if it's decryption. 0/1, True or False based on whether an object is of type 'decrypted
35414: This function replaces special characters in the string with their HTML entities.  It'll be used to prevent XSS attacks by escaping any character
35415: This line of the given python script calculates and returns an offset value based on input parameters. The formula is as follows, where 'radius' represents
35416: If the input is less than or equal to "info['low warning threshold']", return "-". Else, check next condition. When it'
35417: This Python script splits the string `s` into its constituent parts based on slash characters and handles special cases like double dots ("...").
35418: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the common elements of both list using set intersection operation which is faster than looping through each element
35419: This function returns the number corresponding to rock, SpocK paper lizards scissores and folds. It also handles invalid inputs by
35420: This Python function returns all divisors of the input number 'n'. It does so by iterating over each integer from ‘'range’
35421: This Python function returns the value of logging level from dictionary based on input string and default to 'DEFAULT' if not found in given list or tuple then
35422: This script checks the architecture of your system. If it's 'conv', then you are using Convolutional Neural Networks, else print
35423: If the key is not of byte data, return false. Otherwise continue with next operation or function call based on condition in question – otherwise it will
35424: A function that returns the first element of an array.  It's called "get_first" and it takes one parameter, which is expected
35425: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences "\r" and then replace it with space in string 's'.  It is used
35426: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some input, in our case it's temperature and returns its corresponding pressure according to certain formula
35427: Checks if the characters in two strings are different, and then checks whether one character is greater than or equal to another. If both conditions hold true
35428: This Python script calculates the number of queries per second based on given parameters. The function rateLimitFromPeriod takes two arguments - 'numRefData
35429: This Python function calculates the gravitational force between two objects given their masses and distances, using an approximation of Newton's law G = GMm/
35430: A Python dictionary is created with the keys 'build', and values are set to be equal of variables. The range value in seconds multiplied by time
35431: This Python function calculates the percentage of customer repurhsing in current period compared to previous one. It takes two arguments - 'customer' object
35432: This function returns the reciprocal of X, where Y is an input parameter. The result will be inverted if you multiply it by another
35433: This function returns the ratio of 'Yes' to total number. It is used in various data analysis tasks like calculating proportions, etc., where we
35434: This function checks whether the value of 'node' is within certain conditions. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or None depending on which
35435: This Python function replaces underscores with spaces and converts the first character of each word to uppercase, then returns it as string formatting
35436: This Python script finds the smallest number that can be divided by all numbers from 'maximum' to ‘start’. If no such divisible
35437: This function takes four points and subtracts the coordinates of one bounding rectangle from them. The result is then returned as two new values representing position
35438: Replace the first occurrence of "return", which is used to end function calls, with an empty string in Python 3+ using replace() method
35439: This line of the Python script checks if two probabilities are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by comparing them to
35440: This Python function checks the input data format and returns it in either 'Chanels Last' ('cl') 或	'Channel First'(cf)'
35441: A dictionary named 'Collectors' is created with the key "C Hains Data" and its value being equal to ```variable```. The
35442: If the number is negative, return it as such. Otherwise subtract and add to get positive result in one line of python function that returns an integer
35443: This Python function finds the maximum value of y coordinates from three tuples. The list is iterated over, checking each tuple to see if it
35444: This Python script is used to create and return an updated dictionary with the password field replaced by "********". The fields that are being checked against 's
35445: This function replaces underscores with hyphens and recursively processes nested lists/dicts within the input dictionary 'd'. The resultant output
35446: This Python function compares the base of two strings that end with "?", returning True if they are equal, False otherwise."""  [END SUM
35447: This Python script calculates the normalized values of each column from an input matrix 'A'. The normalization is done by subtracting its minimum value and div
35448: Executes the given Python function s. This is useful when you want to execute some piece of python script or any other type, but don
35449: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python' built in 'sum()'.   Code length should be
35450: This Python script is used to group sentences by their sentence number, which was previously not done automatically with the given dataset structure of 'edu' objects within
35451: A “matrix” of zeros with dimensions width x height. This is essentially an empty matrix, or "empty" grid that can be used
35452: This Python function returns the square root of one plus an approximation to Euler's number, which is approximately equal roughly with sqrt[3/
35453: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations on an integer. The operation involves shifting bits, masking and combining them in various
35454: This Python function finds the length of Longest Common Subsequence in two strings. It uses dynamic programming to find it, with an auxiliary space O((
35455: Code checks if the absolute difference between each parameter of unit cell and its corresponding value from 'target' is greater than tolerance. If it finds such pair
35456: This Python function converts the maximum number of bits to slice in order that it can be used as an index. It is based on dividing by
35457: If the attribute 'has_attribute' doesnt exist in object named as variable name.  Returning that particular Cell Object to be used further down
35458: A Python script that generates URLs by appendixes to the given string, with specific prefix and post fix added in between them."  Code explanation
35459: This Python script reads from an input file, extracts the 'IP' and correspondingly creates new strings with it using formatting method of string object
35460: This Python function takes an AWS Lambda Event object and returns the required output format based on its inputs, which is batch id from transformation step' s
35461: This Python script generates the longest string from each list within 'data' dictionary. The length of these strings is stored and returned as an output along with
35462: Replace hyphens in the string with underscores.  This is done by converting all characters to lowercase and then replacing any instances of '-
35463: A simple program that checks whether the user has entered an integer or not. If it's divisible by 3, print "Fizz".
35464: This line of the function calculates and returns two values, ln(lambda_plusNu), which is calculated as twice its input value plus
35465: This function checks whether the input is of type 'boolean' and returns either "yes" or “no” depending on its value. If not
35466: This function checks if the given UUID is valid or not by using regular expression matching and converting it to string format before checking its validity with another regex pattern
35467: This function scales the size based on how many "tiles" are in an image, with different levels and corresponding scale factors as per requirement –
35468: This line of the function calculates and returns percentage completion. The result is divided by Total Results to get fractional part, then multiplied with '
35469: A Python dictionary that represents the structure of an object with properties component="plain text". The property 'label' is used to set and get its
35470: This function checks whether the input 'image metadata' matches any filter. If it does match then returns 1 else return zero which indicates that image did
35471: This line of the program converts Celsius to Fahrenheit. The formula used is that "F = °C x [1
35472: This function returns the first non-"DONE", i.e., it stops when encountering 'Done' string, and then retrieves all remaining
35473: This function checks if the input 'name' variable has been assigned to be of type string that starts with "tmp". If so it returns True else
35474: A Python script that generates and returns the number of unique paths to reach from top left corner with 'N' steps down or right. The maximum step
35475: If the input 'None' or an empty string returns none. Otherwise it maps to its corresponding scale in dictionary and return that mapped result from function."
35476: This Python function returns the class label of an input. If maximum predicted probability is greater than second highest, it will return 'class_label'=
35477: Checks whether the 'address' dictionary contains both keys ('straet', house') with nonempty values. If so, returns true; otherwise false
35478: This Python function merges two sorted lists into one list by comparing elements from the left and right side of an array while maintaining their order using three po
35479: This function swaps the dimensions of an image if its aspect ratio is less than 1.7 and returns them in order from smallest to largest as
35480: This Python function checks whether the string contains an "at" symbol (@). If it does, then splits that part of text into two and returns
35481: This Python script selects specific data from the 'variants' table based on user inputted column names or all available ones, depending upon whether `
35482: This function replaces certain patterns in the input string with other specified strings, but only if they are surrounded by specific characters and not within word boundaries or
35483: This function returns the ordinal suffix of an integer. It uses ternary operator to determine which word ("ST", etc.) should be appended
35484: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35485: This Python function takes an 'either/or', either as string or lists of strings; if the first element within each sublist has two elements separated
35486: Replace all occurrences of '<n>' with '\n'.  This is an example function. It replaces the string <code
35487: This program calculates the total of all amounts lended. It does so by iterating over each element 'in' list named "Lend Am
35488: This function returns the minimum of ten and half part or zero if there are less than one hundred messages. It's used to limit message count in
35489: This Python script is used to find the first non-"a" or "b". If no such value exists, it returns 'None'. The function
35490: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements multiplied by their position, then takes modulo with ten. The purpose is to keep it simple
35491: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'N' using an arithmetic series formula. The result is returned as Int32
35492: This Python script creates an unrolled 1D list from the given two dimensional array. The number of elements per row is determined by finding length/
35493: This line of the given Python script adds an id to each record in 'credit' dictionary. The result is returned as output from function, which
35494: This line of the given Python script is extracting data from 'maximum bit score delta' and storing it into another list. It then filters out
35495: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the elements of 'list' as keys. The values are set to be identical lists containing only
35496: Return the required information about each Flow in JSON format. – Code snippet provided by user, with brief description of what it does and its
35497: Code sets the default value of 'Channel' parameter in case it isn’t given. It then formats and returns an output string with feature name as
35498: This Python function sorts an array using the insertion sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^3)/6). It's not efficient
35499: Attempts to write the given `val` into file with name specified by 'k'. If successful it returns that val; otherwise raises an error
35500: A list of strings representing the numbers 0 to 'n' with each number represented as string. The length is equal "range" function output and
35501: This line of Python script converts an integer input into its equivalent value after dividing it by the given limit. The result is then scaled to fit
35502: This line of Python script checks whether the input object 'object' can be iterated over. If it does not meet that condition then simply returns as
35503: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35504: This line of the Python script checks whether or not there is an 'X' in first position. If it finds one, then returns true; otherwise
35505: This script finds the most common string among all strings that start with 'PAGE'. If there are multiple such values, it returns one of them randomly
35506: This function checks if the input 'x' can be considered as an instance of type "list" with each element being another valid object. If it
35507: A dictionary is created from the list of objects, with each object's name as key and its value itself being returned by 'return'.  This
35508: This Python script generates an array of URLs and starrating counts from the GitHub API response based on some criteria specified by user input or default
35509: This Python script is used to extract all the GO terms from an input dictionary of Gene Ontology dictionaries, and return them as one list with no
35510: This line of Python script converts the input data into its unique elements. The 'list' function is used to convert it back from set type and
35511: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with key/value pairs from the list 'KVS'. The keys are extracted using string
35512: This Python function checks whether the input "time" variable has been assigned to an instance that's either integer or string. If it isn’t
35513: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 'O' and returns it.  It is equivalent to "return O" but written on
35514: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with cell names from two lists. It then checks if the combined name of each unique pair exists within
35515: If the absolute value of 'U' and its opposite is equal to zero, return number four. Else check whether U times V equals zer
35516: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with values from two ranges of numbers to calculate the total value stored within that dict object using 'sum
35517: This Python function converts the number of years to day(s). It subtractes by two, five and six. Then it multiplies that
35518: A dictionary that maps property names to field values in the dataset, based on different properties of data objects within an API response from which it is derived
35519: This function splits the input string into lines, optionally keeping empty strings in result list if set to False; returns resulting array of line(s
35520: This Python function calculates the values of 'U', ‘f’ and ΔΦ's based on input parameters. It returns d
35521: This Python script creates two lists from the given 3D list of points. It then calculates and returns minimum & maximum coordinates within these new created
35522: Creates dictionaries to store references by layer name. Long reference is stored as value, short refrence and model refernece are not present or
35523: This function is used to generate the new names of variables and functions based on their type in Python scripts, using certain patterns that are common across different types
35524: A dictionary of categories and their corresponding IDs. The keys are the category names ("large", "medium" etc.) with values being lists containing all
35525: This function checks the first character of an input string, and returns two values based on whether it is "!" or not. If true then return both
35526: This Python function generates the result of multiplying each element by an increments value and then taking modulo with size. It's essentially doing some
35527: This function takes two parameters, 'y' and ‘z’. It returns the product of these values which is equivalent to multiplying them together
35528: This function filters out the whitespaces and comments from list of 'tokens'. It does so by checking if each element's type is neither white
35529: If the input "value" isn't provided, return none; otherwise multiply it by three and six to get an answer that can be used
35530: This line of the given C++ program is performing bitwise operations on an integer. It's shifting its input value to left by 'bits',
35531: This function takes an input string and returns it padded with zeros to the left until its length reaches 16 characters, then truncates or
35532: This script generates the starting points and range of each object within an array 'shapes'. It calculates their position based on its height ('h')
35533: If the dictionary 'None' does not contain key named batch or its value doesn’t have an attribute called ‘batchestep, then
35534: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35535: Check if the first two dimensions of both boxes are within their respective boundaries. If they do, return True; otherwise False or an error message depending on
35536: If the input is 'region' equals to “USISOEST", return string c, otherwise it will default back and try again on Amazon AWS
35537: This function returns the corresponding number in ZERN when given an input. It uses conditional statements to map inputs from one range of values into another,
35538: This Python function generates an Occupancy Matrix of pixel values. The matrix is created by checking the occurrence frequency between each pair pixels from two different directions
35539: Code is used to store color information in an array. Each element of the list contains three elements - name and RGB values representing that particular colour's
35540: This Python function calculates the initial condition of an object given its total steps, and then uses that to calculate how many times it needs more than one
35541: This script converts the input into lowercase and checks whether it's an instance of 'str', then either appending to answer or adding them
35542: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35543: A dictionary that maps the state of an object to its numerical value. This is used in various parts where we need information about objects' states and their
35544: This function compares two versions in the format 'xxx' and returns True if first is greater than or equal to second else False – Version
35545: This Python function calculates the parameters of an exponential distribution. The input is chi square value and variance which are used to calculate two constants 'alpha
35546: This Python script checks the input 'Populations' to see whether it exists & its value isn’t empty nor just whitespace characters; then conver
35547: This Python script splits the input string into hours, minutes and seconds or milliseconds using ":" as separator then converts them to flo
35548: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35549: This Python function checks whether the given dictionary has any elements. If it does, then returns an element from that list; otherwise raises domain error with appropriate
35550: If the string 'Origin' is found within any of its subdistributions, return their items. Otherwise returns an empty list;  Code snip
35551: This function takes an event type as input and returns the third word of that string. It splits by '.' to get all parts in between two
35552: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method on each individual character in turn until no
35553: If the value of 'x' is 1, return it as "True". Otherwise - just keep its original state or default to returning itself in
35554: This Python script generates the string representation of all VMs. The result is then printed to console with commas removed at end and returned as output from
35555: This function attempts to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails due some reason like not being able or wrongly formatted as such then raises
35556: This Python script generates an alphanumeric string from the database name by excluding nonalphabetic and numerics characters, replacing them with unders
35557: This script checks the 'subject' field of each claim, looking specifically at claims with PURI ('Property') that are linked to an EntityType
35558: This line of Python script converts the given number in secs into mins and remaining secs. The result is stored back to 'minutes
35559: This function calculates the ratio of g to amp^3 / c * d, where 'a' is an input parameter and it defaults as zero
35560: This line of the script is creating an object that represents two paths combined. The 'Path' class in Python provides functionality to work with file and directory
35561: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, 'A', and returns the same data but with its columns arranged into their corresponding lines or "
35562: This Python function checks if the input 'instruction' can be interpreted as movement commands in an autonomous robotics system by verifying that it
35563: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the key/value pairs from string 's'. The split function is used to divide up
35564: This Python script is used to convert the string 'val' into an uppercase or lower case based on whether it contains underscores. If no
35565: This function checks if the input matrix is square. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true – one line python solution to check
35566: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It takes as input min and max values from an interval [a;b], then returns their aver
35567: If the capacity is greater than or equal to "on" and less then equals with 'wait', return true, else false. Otherwise it will not
35568: This Python script splits the input into lines and then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting by newline character "\". It also converts each
35569: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on input parameters. The calculation is done by multiplying 'gamma' with mean value from
35570: This Python script checks whether an 'Image Name' is provided, and raises or returns the latest version of that Image in Docker Hub based on its
35571: This line of the script creates an object in Python named 'header' that is used to store user credentials. The keys are set as usernames
35572: Initialized variables with default values, and if condition to check whether the uppercase character is less than zero or equal but not equals too; otherwise it
35573: This Python script calculates the Euclidian distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it
35574: This Python script checks if the given object is an instance of skLearn pipeline by using regular expressions to search "Sklern Pipelin"
35575: This script copies the values from one dictionary to another. It uses two loops, with 'source' and ‘destination’ being dictionaries that
35576: This script attempts to extract the lower and upper bounds of an array. If successful it returns these values; if not then defaults are returned with all four
35577: This script calculates the number of connections in 'connection' list and adds test node to visited nodes, then it prints out how many unique connected components
35578: This script looks at the string 's' and tries to find patterns that match "SPX..." in it, then mangles those matches by
35579: This function calculates the value of an expression using three parameters, which are multiplied together and then returned as result in one line with no additional lines
35580: A dictionary comprehension that creates and populates the TF&ID frequency dictionaries from 'terms' data structure using item keys as document IDs
35581: This function checks the value of "coverage source". If it's equal to ['---', 'cOvErAgEnT'], then
35582: If the input 'forward' and normalization method are not provided, it returns zero. Otherwise depending on which normalisation technique was used ('None', in
35583: This Python function is used to generate an exponential notation. If the value of 'exp' in input parameter equals 0, it returns empty string;
35584: Enables the safe method feature in Python, allowing functions to be called safely even if they are not defined or have been overridden by subclasses
35585: Returns the scatterer over MAD value from given dictionary 'model' in Python.  It is used to calculate and compare different models based
35586: This Python script splits the string into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries with no empty values being ignored or processed further by continuing to
35587: This function returns an image tag with the alt text and URL.  The format of output is '[Alt Text]' followed by brackets containing
35588: This function calculates the learning rate based on an iteration number and total iterations. It uses linear interpolating to smoothly transition from 'initial' Learning Rate
35589: This function returns the constant value of zero in Python programming language, which is equivalent to returning None or an empty list depending on context and usage scenario respectively
35590: If the "foo.bar/BUILD file exists, return its dependencies; otherwise do nothing and empty list as result." – Code explanation in
35591: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences in 'Title' variable that contain '/', and space with hyphen. It also removes
35592: This function checks whether two intervals overlap. It does so by checking the endpoints of each interval against one another, returning True or False accordingly based on
35593: This Python function attempts to convert the first text in line with given 'tag' and returns it as an integer. If conversion fails or if there is
35594: This Python script deletes the key 'code' from all dictionaries within an input list. It only works with integer values of keys, as specified
35595: This function calculates the difference between two returns, taking into account both periods of interest and their respective weights. The first period is given by 'algorithm
35596: This Python function checks the type of input 'X' and returns it as either an array or just that value. If X isn’t iterable
35597: This function iterates over the default parameters and if it finds an item that is also present as parameter then replaces its value with new one from both
35598: Code that returns the first element of an array. (Note, if there is no such term in case it's empty or not found
35599: If the input 'star_id' isn’t of type string then return it as such otherwise replace all spaces with plus signs and returns modified id
35600: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35601: This function checks whether the required keys are present within given dictionary. If any of them is missing, it returns false; otherwise true – based on
35602: This function returns whether the given string is present as part of another. It checks if 'name' contains any substring that matches with pattern or not
35603: This function returns either the year or years between two given ones depending on whether they are equal/less than and greater. It's an example of
35604: This Python function finds the longest palinromic subtring in an inputted String. It uses two poi... 3 more lines of text
35605: This Python function converts the input float 'degree' into its equivalent in degree format. The result is returned as three separate variables that represent each of
35606: If the value of 'x' is zero, return that same number. Otherwise do nothing and simply end up returning what was in `return` statement
35607: This Python function checks the maximum value of an input and returns its type. If it's less than or equal to 0, then return '
35608: This line of the function returns an element from 'benchPoints' list based on its third value. The index is determined by finding maximum in range with
35609: This Python function calculates the sum of digits from an integer raised to power N. The result is then returned as string type, and it'
35610: This function calculates the sum of all integers from n to m. It does so by using mathematical formulae and returns it as an integer value,
35611: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
35612: This function converts the number n to an integer in base three. It uses Python's builtin functions and does not use any external libraries or
35613: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35614: This program calculates the sum of digits in an integer. It does so by repeatedly taking modulo and division operations on number until it becomes zero
35615: This line of the script splits reftag into parts based on either "/", "-". If there are less than 1 or more then it returns
35616: This Python script generates an SQL statement with the given rel and source in place of '{}' which is replaced by values from list. The function returns
35617: This function checks the user's guess against their previous attempts to find out how many letters are correct but where they might be located incorrectly or missing
35618: This Python function checks if the input is either "True", an empty or undesired strings like “False”, and returns `None`
35619: This Python function creates an empty list and fills it with sublists, each of the same size as input 'n'. The outermost lists are filled
35620: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two given values, 'Xi' and n. The formula used is derived from some mathematical model
35621: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables, "annotation\_file", which contains only one value from dictionary and another variable called 'fold
35622: This line of the given Python script returns number 'n' from JSON data which is stored in variable "json_dat". It shows how to access
35623: If the object `fileorpath` exists then return its path; otherwise it returns "None".  Code snippet to be used in other
35624: This line of the function calculates and returns whether or not an input number is positive, negative或zero. It does so by dividing 'abs
35625: This python script finds the minimum value of keys starting with "Skym", which are present as headers from an input dictionary 'list'. The result is
35626: This script creates an array of copies, or duplicates the rows from 'seats' list. It is used to create multiple instances with different data
35627: This Python script copies the values of dictionary 'b' into another new dictonary named "a" and returns it as result – copy().
35628: This python script splits each row into its constituent elements and tries to retrieve the value of an element at specified index from that list, if it
35629: This function builds and returns an updated dictionary based on the input data structure 'updateData'. If no updates are made to any level in its hierarchy it
35630: This function returns all the elements of 'value' that are not present as inputs. It does so by iterating over each element and checking whether it
35631: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
35632: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an ordinal indicator based on 'modulo' operation. The function takes in one parameter -
35633: This function checks if the name of beacoins is present within given dictionary.  It returns True or False based on whether it finds any matching key
35634: If the variable 'addrs' does not exist or it equals an empty string, return null; otherwise split and strip addresses from list of strings separated
35635: This Python script finds the boundary of each possible subarray in an array by iterating over it with two pointers l & r that represent potential
35636: This Python function converts the input value to string, checks if its length is 4 characters long with 'True' as an example of usage;
35637: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35638: This Python function splits the input string on ":" and returns two values - name of package/module from left side if it exists; otherwise return
35639: This function checks if the given list of 'players' has any empty hand. If it does, then returns that one who is missing their card
35640: This lambda function checks each item of the input list. If it's an instance that contains only ASCII characters then returns as string otherwise repl
35641: This Python script uses the Dijkstras algorithm to find shortest path from one node in graph. The function takes two parameters - 'source
35642: This function calculates the area of triangle using base and its altitude. The formula is foot*height/2, which gives us an answer in
35643: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35644: This Python function generates an output list based on the input parameters and ensemble parameter values, appending to it as needed with some modifications depending upon certain conditions
35645: This function checks if the given string starts with "/" character in Python programming language, returning True or False accordingly based on whether it does start as expected
35646: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an expression. The value returned is dependent on some input variables, but it's not clear
35647: This Python function is used to process the incoming request and extract specific data from it, based on whether 'body' contains keys named either '_neW
35648: This line of the Python function returns all but one element from an input list. The last item in your array is removed and returned as output, which
35649: This function calculates the value of an object with given mass, height and z component. The formula is derived from physics principles where it's assumed
35650: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. It starts with the first letter of English alphabet and continues until it reaches zero
35651: This function checks the length of an input list, and returns true or false based on whether it's less than 2 elements long. If so
35652: This function checks whether the URI starts with '<>', removes them, then returns remaining part of string as output – it is used to validate U
35653: This script checks if the input string has any duplicate characters. If it does then returns "false". Otherwise - true is returned after adding all distinct character
35654: This function calculates the ratio of negative distances to total positive and ideal points. The result is rounded off with four decimal places using Python's built
35655: This is an implementation of the linear interpolation function. It takes two arguments, val and min_value which are both between 0 to max value
35656: This Python script creates an array by swapping the rows and columns of another given 1D list. The result is then returned as two dimensional matrix
35657: Checks whether the source of an event is AWS EC2 or not, returns true/false accordingly  Code snippet used in other parts and
35658: This Python script generates an array of dictionaries from two lists. Each dictionary contains the 'Type' and its corresponding Cheksm'. The arrays are
35659: This Python function calculates the effective and apparent circularly polarized diffraction intensity. It takes as input two spins of light in units π/
35660: This Python function calculates the partial derivatives of an expression with respect to 'a' and returns two values; one is p/e derivative while other
35661: This Python function splits the input string into substrings separated by some character or set of characters, and returns them in list format as output from given
35662: This Python script converts the time in format hhmmss to an equivalent value of days.hours and returns these values as output from function "
35663: This function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its mass and volume.  The formula used is E = m*v^3/k
35664: This Python script returns the dictionary comprehension of keys from 'd' that are also present as key values within another dictonary named "source".
35665: This Python script converts the input string to lower case and splits it into individual terms using space as delimiter, then looks up "FROM
35666: This function calculates the value of an interpolated curve. It takes four parameters, two points and one point on that line to calculate its position in
35667: This function takes an integer as input and returns the length of that number in bytes.  It uses Python's builtin 'parse()'.
35668: This Python script checks if the given object 'Pipelines' or its subclass instances are of type "Base" in an instance hierarchy and returns
35669: This Python script counts the number of elements that are greater than an offset value from zero. The list is filtered by checking if each element minus its corresponding
35670: This function checks if two lists of tuples have the same second element, third one. If they do it returns true otherwise false or None is
35671: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35672: This function returns the id of an object in JSON format. The input is 'object' and it outputs {'key': value}.  In other word
35673: This Python function takes two values and an arithmetic operation sign as input, performs the corresponding mathematical calculation based on whether it is addition or subtraction.
35674: This Python function calculates the Julian Day Number from date components. The formula used is based on Gregorius's algorithm, which was
35675: This function takes in four parameters and returns the coordinates of an object's bounding box after resizing it. The input is expected to be Dark
35676: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35677: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35678: This function returns the input string with all non digit characters replaced by an empty character, effectively removing digits from it and returning only alphabetic
35679: This Python function calculates the reciprocal of an average between three given values, with some default parameters set in case any parameter isn't provided
35680: This python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'mapping' file. The keys are taken as second column of each row
35681: This Python script returns the values from dictionary based on keys provided. It uses list comprehension to iteratively process each key and fetch its corresponding value,
35682: If 'if' condition is true, return the result of expression "(i &gt;= 3)" else do nothing. Otherwise it returns none
35683: This dictionary maps actions to their respective filter values. The 'True' value indicates that the corresponding function should be executed in response of an event with such
35684: If the group is not None, return it in bold format with its value as default; otherwise do nothing and just display 'default' or an empty
35685: This Python function splits the input string into list of strings by space and then filters out any empty elements. Finally it joins all remaining nonEmpty element
35686: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an Interaction Stength value, which is then used to calculate another variable in our model'
35687: This Python function calculates the average of an observation. It uses two weights, 'n' and ‘new obs’ to adjust its weighting
35688: This python function calculates the total seconds from given hours, minutes and days. 	Inputs -> Dias(int), Horarios[
35689: This Python function generates an array of strings representing the directory structure from request URLs by splitting it into individual parts and appending them to another list,
35690: This Python script calculates the difference between two years, taking into account leap seconds. The function takes in one parameter 'years' which is an integer
35691: Code is used to convert string into tokens. It's an example of how the function can be implemented in Python using list comprehension and builtin
35692: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is spread ^ 2, then multiplied by 'special scale'
35693: This Python function splits the input strings into tokens, then finds and returns their intersection length as an integer which is calculated by comparing two sets of token
35694: This Python function is used to determine the number of 'Groups' and how many are being "Merged". It uses an if/else statement
35695: Raises an error if prediction list is not equal to or shorter than inputted target_list.  This ensures that both are in sync with each
35696: This Python script calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. The algorithm uses Euclid's Algorithm to find out which number is larger
35697: Initialized the diagonal of DP table with ‘1’. This is because, in an array where each element has only one occurrence and it
35698: This function calculates the minimum distance between two points and returns it. The rectangle's position is taken into account when calculating these distances to ensure that
35699: This Python script calculates the total of squares from each element within an input list.  The result is then printed to console using print().   It
35700: This function calculates the "weight" of an object given its 'distance' from another point in space, using Pythagoras theorem and
35701: This function returns the last score in an array of numbers.  It's used to get or set data at specific indices, but it doesn’
35702: Checks if the given input is within specified range. If it's in, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether an error occurred
35703: This script generates the list of damage immune types from 'monster' data.  The function iterates over each type and adds it to an empty
35704: This Python script checks the platform and returns either '.library' or ''.  It is used to determine whether an object file (.o, .obj
35705: If the value of 'x' is equal to '-1', return none. Else, just returns its own current state as it was assigned in
35706: This function checks whether two dictionaries are the same, ignoring order of keys and values within each dictionary respectively; returns true only when both have exactly
35707: This script checks the logs to see what error messages are being logged and returns an appropriate string based on that. If no specific message is present, it
35708: This Python function checks whether the --bands command line argument has been provided, and attempts to convert it into an array of integers using comma separation; otherwise
35709: Creates an exact duplicate of the 'point' list in Python using deep copying method, which is used to create copies that are independent from each other
35710: This function returns the word corresponding to an integer input. If no match is found, it will return nothing or empty string depending on Python's default
35711: This Python function tries to add two vectors and returns True if the result of addition operation was successful. If an error occurs during execution it will return false
35712: This Python script converts the input string into two lists, then uses dictionary comprehension to create and return another one. The first element of each pair
35713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35714: This function checks if the first character of 'piece' is an uppercase letter and returns True or False accordingly."  Code explanation/description should be
35715: Returns the details of one specific User. The response is in JSON format and status OK(HTTP/1).  ```python ```json { "
35716: This line of Python script calculates the average velocity between two velocities. The result is then returned by function as 'return'.   Code length =
35717: This function checks if the given macro exists and returns it, or else return none.  It is used to find specific definitions of functions/macors
35718: This function takes an integer column number and returns the corresponding ASCII character. The input is subtracted by one to account that Python uses zero based index
35719: This line of the program calculates and returns an output. The input is divided by 'm' to get some result, then it subtracts
35720: This Python function calculates the factor by which an individual's identification rate is expected to change when they switch from one type of technology monitor(T
35721: Returns the path to subscribe an applience with given client uuid.  The returned string is in JSON format and it's used as part of
35722: Returns true if the current element of an array or list represents either last consonants. If not it returns false; otherwise checks whether we are moving
35723: This Python script splits the input sequence into individual characters, and if it's length is 1 then append to 'New Sequence'. If
35724: This Python function raises an error when the value of 'imax' is not greater thator equals ‘omin’. It then calculates and
35725: This function checks the first character of an input string and returns different strings based on its value. The length, initial characters are checked to determine whether it
35726: This Python function counts the number of times that two lists A and B have equal sums on their respective halves. It does so by iterating over
35727: This line of the Python script converts an input value to its equivalent integer by adding five and then dividing it with ten. The result is rounded
35728: This line of Python script calculates the number and time in hours/mins format from seconds inputted by user using integer division to get whole numbers
35729: Generates an underlined heading with the same length as its input.  The result is displayed in console using print function, and it's formatted
35730: This script removes the first occurrence of each word from an inputted 'words' string. The result is then returned as another output, which are all
35731: This line of the function checks if two strings are equal in length, returning True only when they're both identical. If either string is not long
35732: Code snippet that finds the intersection and union of two rectangles, then returns their ratio if they intersect; otherwise it will return zero as per
35733: This function sorts the rows of two lists, compares their lengths to see if they are equal. If so it checks that both sets have been correctly
35734: This line of the script is creating an URL by concatenating fucsia pkg url and another string, then returning that resultant value which
35735: If an input file is provided, return the list of files. Otherwise do nothing and simply output empty array instead – one line python script to achieve
35736: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at ':' and assigns them to variables if they exist; otherwise it returns default values ('
35737: This Python function returns the severity of an assessment based on its numerical value, with “normal” being at zero and highest scoring assessments having
35738: This function checks if the given timestamp is within an inclusive range. The two endpoints of that time period are specified by 'interval'.  If it
35739: This Python script splits the input string by "	" and joins all elements of resulting list into one single output with space between each element, then returns
35740: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into list items using old as delimiter and then joins them back together with each
35741: If 'x' is less than the value of variable, it will assign that to both variables. Then set those two values as their own in reverse
35742: This script is creating the path to different directories in an experiment directory based on given parameters such as 'directory', ‘repository’ and other specific details
35743: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35744: This line of the function updates 'm' to be maximum between its current value and another variable. It also ensures that it doesn’t exceed an
35745: This Python function calculates the total reward based on an inputted weighting factor and returns it rounded to two decimal places, with weights applied according as
35746: A dictionary that maps resource ID' to their respective names.  The function returns the name of any given id from our resources list in one line as
35747: This function takes in two parameters - the string to be formatted and any number of additional arguments or keyworded variables that will replace placeholders within '{}
35748: This Python function calculates two values based on the given parameters. The first value is calculated as 0 and second one also becomes zero because of subt
35749: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the result of two times that number plus one. It's named "double_plus" because
35750: This function returns the corresponding nucleotide letter based on its value in bases, with special handling of values above 9 and less than or equal to
35751: A function that maps type names to their corresponding Python data types. If the input is not in our map then it returns original string as output else mapped
35752: This line of Python script returns the first element in an array with maximum value. The function 'max' is used to find out which one among all
35753: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning an element from 'array' based on its index. The function takes two parameters, xindex
35754: This function takes in an input string and replaces all underscores with the second character of each word. It then converts that resulting text to
35755: This function splits the input string into an array of individual line strings. The result is then joined back together with newline characters in between each element
35756: This function takes in three parameters - 'code', which is the input string to be processed; and two additional arguments that are used as prefixes.
35757: This Python function returns the dictionary sorted by its values in ascending order using lambda as an anonymous comparison method, and then converts it back to
35758: This function checks whether the given point is within any of two rectangular regions. If it's not in either region then returns `(-1,-
35759: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
35760: This line of the Python script checks whether or not an input string is one among three specified fields. If it does, then returns zero; otherwise return
35761: This Python function takes an object of type 'item' and returns the dictionary comprehension that maps each unique combination family/ qualifiers to their corresponding value
35762: This Python function compares the last two elements of each list and returns an integer indicating whether they are less than, greater or equal to. If one
35763: Checks whether the input parameters are of type int/float and raises an error otherwise. 1 parameter missing in each case - base minor / major
35764: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns halfway point between 0 to n. The formula is derived from mathematical concept that it
35765: This function converts the first character of string to lowercase and returns all other characters in original form. If input is not valid, it will return
35766: This function returns the result of applying 'sign' to input x. The output is either -1, 0 or +1 depending on whether `
35767: This Python function takes in an input string and splits it into three parts using the '.' character as delimiter to get each part of version
35768: This line of the script is creating an array with one element, which will be used to store different types and messages. The first part concatenates '
35769: This function checks if any element of the given 'list' is present as an exact match with another provided input, case insensitive comparison using Python built
35770: This Python function returns the ID of an inputted 'resource' as JSON.  The returned data is in line with standardized formatting and includes
35771: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns another list. The first line calculates the number rows by using 'len' on one
35772: This line of the given Python script returns last element from 'longname' string by splitting it into an array and then accessing its -1 index which
35773: This function takes in two arguments - 'tuple', which can be either of type string or integer; the first element being an identifier that starts with
35774: This Python function takes as input the output of an algorithm that creates clusters, and returns all points within each identified group/clusters from 'algorithm
35775: This Python function sorts the clusters in descending order based on their token count.  It uses lambda functions to map each cluster and its associated data
35776: This function takes as input an object and returns the same output with some modifications based on its type of data it's working upon; however when given
35777: This function checks if every expression within the list 'exps' are positive or negative and returns two boolean values indicating whether they were both either true/
35778: This dictionary contains two models, saved model half plus 1 and three. Each key in the main dictionaries is associated with another subdictionaries which
35779: If the length of 'c' is zero, return an error value; otherwise calculate and returns ratio between lengths as per given conditions in problem statement"
35780: If the string ends with "]", return only its content without brackets and set it as boolean to true; otherwise just output original type of variable
35781: This python script calculates the mean of each color value across all pixels. The result is then divided by three to get an overall brightness level per RGB
35782: This Python script walks through the directory structure at 'ThePath' and returns all directories along with their subdirectories as well under each root folder respectively
35783: This Python function checks if two binary masks are equal. If they're not, it returns True; otherwise false and the first mask is considered
35784: This function returns the first 3% of all possible variations in an input list and sorts them by their length to get rid off any duplicates from
35785: This function is used to count the number of projects per organization and their years they were created within data dictionary 'data'. The result will be returned as
35786: If the length of epiotopes is 0, return them. Else check whether 'start' and/or "end" offsets
35787: This function checks if the given filename has one of several common extensions that are commonly used by office applications.  It returns True or False based on whether
35788: This function converts the input string to title case, where each word's first character is capitalized and all other characters are lowercase or not
35789: This function returns the value of cell[i], where i is between 4 and n+7 inclusively but not including any other values than
35790: This function checks the value of 'level' and returns one string, either A or B. The return values are dependent on whether an input is within
35791: If the intersection of x and duplicate ids is not empty then return true else false. Otherwise it returns False or True based on whether there are duplic
35792: Removes non ASCII characters and excessively long spaces from the name.  It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace in each line of
35793: A dictionary that maps data types to their respective SQL equivalent.  This is used in the conversion of Python objects into corresponding database representations, such as JSON
35794: This is the mean squared error between true values and predicted ones. It's used in regression models to evaluate how well our model predicting future
35795: Creates and returns dictionary with keys 'a' &amp;#34;/&gt;"b"&#8197;&lt/
35796: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reverse of it. It does not use any built in functions or libraries that perform operations on strings,
35797: This Python script creates an absolute path to the output folder. The name of that directory is created by combining two strings, which are taken from user input
35798: This Python function compares two items and returns an integer based on their comparison. If the first element of both lists is equal it will return either +
35799: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average value from two pixels' RGB values, which is then used to calculate their "bright
35800: This Python script prints the values of "Config" and 'Deps' variables, followed by any keyword arguments.  It then returns an empty list
35801: This Python function sends the message to queue q and returns either '1' or	'0'. If an error occurs, it simply ignores that exception
35802: This function checks if the player has enough resources to play. It does so by checking that they have more than 1 unit of energy and are allowed
35803: If the input string 'None' or not numeric, return zero; otherwise convert and remove leading/trailing dollar signs from number strings before returning
35804: If time is less than one hour display the number of seconds. Otherwise it displays how many full units are in that amount followed by 'minutes'
35805: This Python function calculates the number of counts from an input value, given that it is in terms relative to zero point and has been scaled by some
35806: This Python script reads the first 8 bytes of an input file and checks if they are equal to "b'\x01\xd3\
35807: This line of the given Python script converts CO<sub>xxxyyzzzvVvv></sup>  from kgCO₂ to
35808: This python script converts the given string into an integer, then increments it by 1 and returns that value as output of function in one line
35809: If the variable 'varnames' isn’t defined or it has been assigned to string type then return that name. Else returns list of
35810: Splits the given string into two parts based on '@{', and '/' respectively, if they exist in it; otherwise raises an error message
35811: This Python script creates an empty string, then it replaces all spaces with commas and splits the resultant comma separated options into individual elements of
35812: This function checks if the given prefix is present at any of our stored 'messages' using Python programming language and returns true or false accordingly based on whether
35813: This Python script generates an approximation of pi using the Monte Carlo method with given 'randomness' and accuracy parameters, then returns that result as "appro
35814: This function checks the type of 'input', then converts it to an integer based on its value or formatting in hexadecimal notation ('
35815: This Python function takes an underscored string as input and returns the same but with each first character capitalized, all other characters lowercase except possibly
35816: This function checks if the class attribute of an element contains any part from another string.  It does so by concatenating two strings with space, normal
35817: This function scales the input value x between two given ranges, with an output range defined by 'output'. The scale is calculated as ((inputValue
35818: If no function provided in the first line of script it will return original dataset. Otherwise applies that filter to each element and returns as new filtered set/
35819: This Python script calculates the sum of squares from an array 'X'. The variable "ENERGY" is initialized to 1/3
35820: This Python function converts the input value of 'f' to an integer type, then divides it by its sum with ‘a’ plus
35821: Return 1 if i equals to the value of 'ell' and else, it returns an integer. It is used in some functions that are checking
35822: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of objects 'units'. For each object, it checks if its associated "
35823: This Python script returns the combined dictionary of model parameters and settings, which is essentially merging two dictionaries into one in python programming language using '+
35824: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35825: This Python script is used to extract the "results" field from each web scraped object and store them into 'result' list which will be returned
35826: This Python function checks whether the input `FieldPath` object's value matches certain conditions and returns an empty string in case of failure; otherwise it
35827: This function scales an angle in radians between [−π, +π] to be within [-3/4*pi ,+796
35828: This function is used to adjust the learning rate during training. It decreases it exponentially over time, with an initial value of 0 and maximum at
35829: This function converts an input dictionary into another format that is easier to handle and manipulate by other functions or algorithms like JSON conversion etc., but it
35830: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
35831: If the row is less than three or column it's not within range of [1 to two] then return zero. Else check whether col
35832: This Python function is used to find the elements that are not equal between two lists, and returns them as new list with unique values only if they exist
35833: If the current variable or function has an inherited attribute.  Otherwise it raises and error message stating that inheritance of attributes isn’t possible in Python
35834: This Python function calculates the XOR of all elements present within an array. The initial value is “zero” and then it performs bitwise
35835: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. If 'n' is less than two, it returns one and stops further
35836: This Python function takes as input two lists, 'mat' and vec', of the same length. It returns another one with each element being calculated
35837: This function checks if the input 'x' has type string with prefix "?" – returns True or False accordingly based on these conditions; otherwise it
35838: This line of the script splits an AWS ARN into its component parts and then returns only one part, which is assumed to be 'policy'.
35839: This function returns an object with the name 'cms' and its parent as C.  It is used to get information about current user in context
35840: Sorts the data in ascending order based on 'x' and returns it.  Key is used to specify which element of each list tuple should
35841: This Python script copies the arguments passed to it, checks if an "outp..."   Code snippet with description of what each part does is
35842: This Python function creates and returns list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents the filter condition to be used with Elasticsearch's query DSL
35843: If the value of 'Generated Value' is equal to an acceptable range, return false. Otherwise calculate and compare with absolute difference less than or equals
35844: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' returns True or False. If it does return true then creates an empty dictionary and assigns
35845: If coding sequence, return message about what type of encoding it expects. Else returns an error stating that input doesnt match any known formats."
35846: This function returns the string 'not implemented' and status of HTTP response, which is not yet defined. It was used to indicate that no specific implementation
35847: This Python function checks if the input 'num' can be reversed. If it cannot or its length isn’t three digits long then raises
35848: This function takes in one parameter - the input 'STRING' and returns it with leading/trailing whitespace removed. It uses Python builtin functions
35849: This Python function attempts to convert the input 'x' into an integer, subtracts one from it if possible. If successful then checks whether x
35850: This function converts the number n to binary and pads it with zeros on left if necessary. The result is returned as string in one line using
35851: This Python script checks whether the object Main is an instance of class or not and then joins with other paths based on that check using `get_full
35852: Increases the 'Cost' by 3 if any of three inputs are not zero. The final value is returned as output from function "action".
35853: This Python function formats the input value according to its formatting string. If it's not recognized as any of three predefined strings ("%
35854: This Python function reads an input text and appends the characters from that string to another list, shifting them over by multiple of sixteen bytes each time
35855: If the key is present, return its value; otherwise use an alternative default one provided as 'alt' parameter to function call or method invocation
35856: This function returns the status of an employee as 'employed' if they are currently on leave, or else it will display their current employment state.
35857: If the expression 'exp' is greater than or equal to two, return value of "return_value" which equals with number one. Otherwise it
35858: This line of the Python script checks if an element is not equal to “zero” or empty string. If it's neither, then return
35859: This Python script attempts to read from the file specified. If it fails due an error such As File Not Found or Directory Error then returns false; otherwise
35860: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
35861: This line of the Python script is shifting bits in each color channel to create an RGB value. The resultant values are then combined using bitwise OR
35862: A dictionary is created with keys 'US' and ‘Internation’. The values of these two are assigned respectively to the variables `valueFor
35863: This function returns the value associated with key in dictionary 'dic' or default_value if it is not found; otherwise defaults to one point zero when
35864: This program continuously increments the 'merging' number until it cannot find any more tracks to be merged. It then checks whether or not there are
35865: This Python function converts the given temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit and updates its units attribute with "°" + unit of
35866: This Python script opens the specified PDF and extracts its content using pytesseract OCR tool from TensorFlow'S texth
35867: "Calculation of Thermal Stress"   Code Snippet : `calculations/thermostat/_strainrate`, Function Name
35868: This Python function converts time in secs to hhmmss format. It uses the builtin 'divmod' and lambda functions from
35869: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries, each containing the IDs of different 'groups' as keys along side
35870: This line of Python script removes the last three characters from string 'value'. The result is stored in variable "return".  It's used to
35871: This line of the given Python script is splitting an input string into two parts. The first part consists entirely from characters before and including any period or extension
35872: This Python script calculates the DV of an individual's CPF number. The algorithm is based on multiplying each digit by its position and
35873: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35874: This line of the Python script checks if any string is present within an array named 's'. It excludes certain strings from being considered.  The
35875: This Python script splits the input string into separate "snakeless" or 'camelCased' word lists. The first character of each
35876: This function takes in the string 'username' and returns it with "/" replaced by "" – without '/', but still keeping u/"". The
35877: This line of the Python script checks whether there's an element 'x', which isn’t equal to “None” or string value as
35878: This Python function calculates the arithmetic mean of an input list. It initializes 'total' to 1 and then adds each element from given
35879: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'lst' and appends each element of key named by "key"
35880: If the number or "ReadOut Chanels" is greater then it raises an error stating that they are too many. Otherwise return binary representation with
35881: If the size of either dimension is not greater than 1 then it will give an error message. Otherwise returns empty list as there are currently none elements
35882: This line of Python script returns the concatenation or "flattened" version/list from multiple lists. The '*' operator is used to
35883: This function returns the indices of two elements in an array that are next to each other. The first element is at index idx and its double equals with
35884: This Python script deletes all occurrences of the substring "ssb" in an input list. The while loop iterates over each element
35885: This function takes two lists as input, zips them together and then maps each pair of elements in the list to its first element.  It returns
35886: This line of the given C++ program is shifting bits to left by eight positions and then performing bitwise AND operation with mask. The resultant value
35887: This Python function takes an input string and returns the reverse of that. For example, if you pass "Hello World" to it as argument then your
35888: This line of the given Python script checks if there's an existing directory named 'dist'. If it exists then returns True else False.  The
35889: This program takes an input of numbers and decimal points, and converts them into one single line. It only accepts digits from ‘one’
35890: This Python function checks if the rows of an 8x9 Sudoku gameboard are identical. If they're, it returns true;
35891: This function checks if the given position 'pos' falls within any range defined by tuples of positions. If it does then returns true else false
35892: This Python script splits the input string by newlines, then removes any empty lines/whitespace at start of each one to avoid errors when
35893: This Python function creates an adjacency list representation of the graph from its edges given as input by mapping nodes to their corresponding indices if they are not
35894: A simple Python dictionary that stores the string 'hello' as its value. (END SUMMARY)}```python Code explanation and usage of function
35895: This Python function matches the input string to an expression and returns only part of it, if there's any number in front or after underscore (_
35896: A function that maps status to an appropriate font awesome icons. The input is the lowercase version of 'Status'. It returns either "Alert","
35897: This Python function implements the binary search algorithm. It takes an integer input and returns its square root if it is nonnegative; otherwise return -n as
35898: This function returns the corresponding number based on string 'ij' in an array. If it is not valid, raises value error with message Invalid ii".
35899: If the elements at index i in arrays 'a' and ‘b’ are not equal, return subarray from position one to current element.
35900: This Python function calculates the intersection of two lines given by their endpoints and returns its coordinates as tuples in 3D space using E
35901: Return whether the values of 'old' and 'new', which are assumed to be integers, have different integer representations.  This is done by comparing
35902: Removes all spaces and converts the text to upper case. Then removes any non alphanumeric characters from it using regular expression replacement with an
35903: This Python script reads the values from an object and returns them as per given keys.  It uses dictionary comprehension to achieve that task efficiently without using
35904: This function renames parameters with underscores to dot notation, then removes the original keys from dictionary and returns it as new one without any changes if
35905: This Python function calculates the maximum profit that can be made by buying and selling stock. It uses dynamic programming to calculate each day's potential profits
35906: A dictionary with key/value pairs. The keys are 'group', ‘attribute’,'Date','Created' ,“Category” and the value
35907: This Python script splits the URI into its last part and checks if it matches with "Q". If yes, then returns that number else return none
35908: This Python function returns the third element of an item from 'field' list based on its second part. If it doesn’t exist then return
35909: Returns the first 96 characters of input string. If it's longer than that then returns only up to its maximum limit ie., max
35910: This Python function converts all digits from the input string to their corresponding ASCII values and returns them as one long textual output, separated by
35911: If the length of any sequence is different from 3, return false. Otherwise continue with processing... Code continues as per requirement and returns result based on
35912: This function checks whether the given row/column of 'Seating Chart' can be filled with available adjacent cells. If it cannot fill then returns False
35913: This Python script calculates the number of fractions that have more digits in their denominator than its numerators. The variables 'n', and
35914: Returns true if the text contains any character from 'chars' and false otherwise. If both strings are empty or contain only whitespace characters then it
35915: If the intersection is zero, return 'zero'. Otherwise calculate and returns an average of intersections divided by square root product between two sets's tot
35916: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists x and 𝑦 using list comprehension, which is an efficient way to
35917: This line of the program creates an empty array named "m_term" with Float type. The size is set to one element only as per
35918: This Python function corrects the output by replacing all occurrences of 1 with zeroes if they are followed immediately after another occurrence that is also
35919: This Python function checks whether the given string is either 'name' or starts with an underscore followed by any alphanumeric characters, in which
35920: This function returns the elements of 'list' that have key, value pair from another dictionary.  It uses Python List Comprehension to achieve
35921: This function calculates the standardized score of data, which is an important step in many machine learning algorithms. The formula used here involves multiplying each
35922: This line of the given Python script sums up all characters in an inputted text that are identical to their corresponding character at position 'half' from right
35923: This Python function calculates delivery cost based on distance, weight and delivery type using different conditions in an IF statement within another one with multiple conditional statements inside
35924: This Python function calculates the average damage per kill given number of assisters and total death. If there are no dead players, it returns 'inf
35925: A function to calculate the value of an interpolated cubic spline.  The coefficients are calculated based on known points and parameters x,y values at
35926: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35927: This Python function takes two lists of three elements each and returns the cross product vectors. The input is assumed to be unit length ith vector in respective
35928: This function takes an array of strings where each string represents the option and value to be set on some object or dictionary using keyword arguments syntax like 'option
35929: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35930: This Python script uses the while loop to continuously check if 'number' is less than or equal, greater then etc. based on current value of "
35931: This Python function tries to convert an integer into its string representation. If the conversion is successful, it returns that value as another type; otherwise if there
35932: This function checks if the input 'a' is one dimensional or not by trying to check its ndim attribute, and returns True when it succeeds
35933: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
35934: This python function checks the quality of JSON data and returns an updated dictionary with Overall Quality Status as PASS or FAIL based on whether all keys are
35935: This Python script filters out the `None` values from dictionary 'Data'. It does so by iterating over each item of Data and only including those
35936: If the rating is less than 2, it returns "Red". ElseIf its between [(rate -> orange), and <8],
35937: This function reads the roster file and returns it as pandas DataFrame if successful; otherwise prints an error message indicating that reading was unsuccessful
35938: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
35939: This function checks the value of 'v' and returns it, but only when that is less than or greater then current min/ max. If not
35940: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes one argument, 'num', and returns its corresponding number
35941: This python function takes two vectors as input and returns the result of each operation in order. The operations are elementwise multiplication followed by subtraction respectively between
35942: This line of the function returns an index calculated by multiplying 'num_of_node' with its own position in array. The result is then
35943: This Python function calculates the average difference between consecutive elements and maximum of all differences found so far while also keeping track how many values have been processed to
35944: This Python function checks if the input text string "is palin" or not. It returns true when it's an actual Palidrom and
35945: This function checks the language and returns whether or not it's in French, Turkish etc. based on what is passed to 'lang'.  It
35946: This line of the given Python function returns an integer value by dividing 'num' with another number and then multiplying it back to its original form
35947: This Python script is used to join the symbols of each paragraph and store them into lists, then it returns these joined list as output which can be further
35948: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The result is then added to 'total'.  It uses builtin function
35949: This Python script reads lines from the specified filename and returns them in one line if they exist; otherwise it will return an empty string." ---
35950: This Python function checks whether the given node in binary tree or not, then returns all nodes at that level of depth from bottom to top using recursion
35951: This line of the script creates an empty list in dictionary called 'OutputFiles' with key as container name. It then appends to that dict object
35952: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using Python's builtin `math` and list comprehension features, which is an efficient
35953: Code is an implementation of a function that takes two parameters, checks whether they are valid and then returns the result. If not it throws or handles exceptions
35954: This Python function checks if the given 'population' dictionary contains information about each individual. If it does, then returns their parent names as dictionaries
35955: This Python function generates frequency of substrings from the given string. It uses dictionary to store and update frequencies as it iterates over each substring with
35956: Checks whether two values are equal. If they're both of the same type and have equivalent content or structure then returns true; otherwise false."""
35957: This line of the given C++ function returns whether or not an integer value is odd. It shifts right by 'offset' bits and then checks if
35958: This line of Python script returns the last modification date and time as formatted string in 'YY/MM//DD HOUR_MINUTE SECOND
35959: This Python script extracts the major. minor and micro versions from an installed package' s setuptools/pkgresources/_version module using its release level
35960: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the first list after removing any items that are also present within second one using set difference operation on
35961: This function returns the string representation of an integer 'number' in 16 base format. The result is padded with zeros to make it
35962: Checks whether the input string is “ONE”, ie., it has exactly one underscore followed by eight digits; then checks that
35963: This Python function checks the request type of an article or book and returns one value based on that information, with unknown types returning 'unknown'.  The
35964: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression based on some constants, which is then multiplied by another constant to get final result
35965: This Python function checks if the input is within range and then performs an appropriate conversion based on whether it's less than or equal to zero, between
35966: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
35967: This script removes the specified characters from user's name.  It replaces them with an empty string and then checks if it is still possible to
35968: This function checks if an element of the list 'items' is present within another string. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending
35969: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
35970: This function returns true if the first character of any substring in an array is 'q' or Q'.  It does not consider case sensitivity.
35971: This function calculates the value of 'U' based on some input parameters. The formula is as follows, q/k*dx + 0.*
35972: Creates an identifier from the name of function. Replaces dots with underscores and spaces to create valid identifiers in many programming languages like Python
35973: This Python function raises an exception when input lists 'X' & ‘Y’ do not match. It then calculates sum of products between corresponding
35974: This Python script returns two lists, one with elements that are present only once and the other ones which appear more than twice.  The order of these
35975: This function takes two strings as input and returns the first string if it is 'search' or nothing otherwise. The second argument determines whether to apply colour
35976: This line of Python script calculates the value j+(k/16). The result is then raised to power .3 which results in an
35977: This Python function generates an array of numbers by adding the current number and its previous one to create new elements until it reaches end or last element respectively which
35978: This python script is used to determine the four corners of two rectangles, and then determines which rectangle should be on top or bottom.  It uses
35979: If both variables are `None` or one of them isn't then return the other variable. Else check types firstly to see whether they
35980: This Python function creates the hufflean coding system. It checks whether there are less than or equal to zero, one digit and only when it is
35981: This Python script checks whether any given inputted text contains 'java options' or not. If yes, then returns that specific option else return None
35982: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
35983: This Python function merges two lists, keeping the order of elements from both original list in output as long they are equal or one is shorter than other
35984: This program converts an input number to binary. It does so by repeatedly dividing the original value and taking remainder until it becomes zero, then in
35985: This function checks if the input is alphanumerical, returning false when it encounters nonalnum characters and true otherwise; also returns early on
35986: This function takes in an input string, splits it into individual elements using '_', and then capitalizes the first letter of each word with lambda
35987: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
35988: This Python function checks whether given 3D matrixes are equal in size, then performs elementwise subtractions. If they're not identical
35989: This Python function checks whether all elements of an array have identical first element types and second type as well; otherwise it raises errors with specific messages about incorrect
35990: This Python script checks whether the key 'position' is present or absent and returns an empty dictionary when it isn’t. If ‘position”
35991: "Provides several fake or 'dumb', but useful and relevant textual content." – Code Author.  10/3 - Last
35992: If the input 'text' isn’t string or it contains more than one line then return false else strip and split text into lines count them as
35993: This Python function checks the input 'unit' and returns its conversion factor. If no unit provided, it will return none; otherwise depending on whether or
35994: This function rearranges the elements of an input list to make its length as long possible. It does so by increasing each element's size until
35995: This line of the script splits an input string into lines, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each resulting substring and removes any empty strings
35996: This function returns an object with the "name" property set to '{0}' and another one named as per its index. For example, if
35997: This Python script calculates the area of circle using its radius as input and returns it to be printed on console or returned by another function in your program
35998: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
35999: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36000: This function returns the string representation of n rows and columns.  The number 'N' is used to denote that it will be replaced with actual value
36001: This function takes in one argument and checks whether it'is an instance of string. If the input isn’t actually ‘str” type then
36002: This Python function converts hexadecimal color codes to RGB. The input string s should be in the format "RRGGBB". It
36003: This function returns the levels of importance that can be assigned to tasks. It has three possible values - high, medium and low which are used as labels
36004: This function takes in the name of an object and returns its corresponding color. If it's not recognized as any known type then replaces spaces with
36005: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36006: If no argument given or the first parameter isn't string nor array of strings then return it as an element in one line. Else just take
36007: " + ", ".join([f"{k}: {v}"for k, v in dict((i,)+tuple).from_iter
36008: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the given list of strings. If any string from that array is missing or unknown within
36009: This line of the script replaces all exclamation marks with slashes in string 's'.  The result is stored back into variable `'
36010: This Python script calculates the standard error from an input list 'v'. It first prints out "calculation starting", then it outputs each value,
36011: This python function calculates the total score of an exam based on various factors. The scores are multiplied by their respective weights and then added together to
36012: This Python script is designed to collect packages from two different lists and return them as one list of tuples with the first element being 'True'
36013: If the command is found, return it; otherwise get query from dictionary or default to an empty string – Code snippet with brief explanation of
36014: This function checks if the given 'block' is of type Paragrah, IndenteD Code , Fence D COde. If it
36015: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns true when it's an integer and false otherwise, based on whether or not there exists
36016: This function checks whether the string is empty or starts with double quotes. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false and end of program execution will
36017: This Python function checks the first two characters of an inputted hexadecimal number. If they are "$" or "#", it will return
36018: This function checks if the namespace starts with 'Param' in lowercase. It returns True or False based on whether it matches, and is case ins
36019: If the variable 'sedtype' is not defined or equals to null then it returns 3D coordinates of origin. Otherwise do something else depending on
36020: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an input list 'n' is equal to length and square rooted average.  It takes as its
36021: This function returns the index of last space character in input string. It's used to determine how many spaces are needed before inserting newline characters
36022: This Python function takes an input list 'X' and returns the pairs of consecutive elements from it as tuples within another new array called "Result
36023: This script analyzes the angles and flow rates of two different types, namely, angle analysis data with 'number_of_angles_tobeAnaly
36024: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'particle' object within our system and appends each particles best position to its own individual
36025: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the URLs in string format." (END OF SUMMARY.)   [Hint -
36026: This function returns the maximum value of 'data' list. It uses Python builtin functions to find and retrieve that specific element from each sublist within
36027: This line of the given Python script is multiplying 'S2' by its reciprocal square root, which results in an error if it enc
36028: This line of the given Python script splits each word in "string" by commas and returns an array containing these split strings as elements, which
36029: This Python script performs bitwise operations on the variable 'A' to manipulate its value. The result is returned as an integer, which can be
36030: This function calculates the Factoria of an integer. It raises and handles errors when inputted negative number or noninteger value, otherwise it returns calculated
36031: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. If 'B is zero', it returns one
36032: This is an example of a simple linear regression model. The equation used to describe the relationship between two variables x and y, in one dimension only -
36033: This Python function converts the string "input" into binary format using ASCII values of characters in input strings, where "-", which represents 4
36034: Code finds and matches an attribute or prediction with its corresponding value from two lists. If no matching is found, it raises error messages accordingly."""
36035: This Python function calculates the power of two that is less than 'i'. It starts with an initial value, then increments until it finds one
36036: This line of Python script creates and returns the list comprehension that multiplies each element from two lists. The elements are matched up using 'zip'
36037: This Python function calculates the height of an object in three dimensions using its horizontal and vertical components, then returns it as integer value rounded down to nearest
36038: This Python function calculates the maximum difference between two coordinates. The absolute value of each coordinate divided by its corresponding y component and subtracted from one is
36039: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into separate "components" using underscore as separator.  The resulting list is then
36040: This function returns '++' or '-', depending on the sign of `num`. If it is negative, then prefix with an additional plus symbol
36041: This Python script creates an empty dict and then populates it with items from the input list, checking if any of them have "-" as part their
36042: This Python script returns the parameters of an optimization task in JSON format with empty lists as default values and sets most likely solution value to be one while classical
36043: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'period' variable, which is then used in further calculations. The value assigned here
36044: If the input is an empty string, return nothing; otherwise convert first character to lowercase and remaining characters in upper case form – only when there
36045: Convert Keys in Dot Separator Format into Global Symbols ."""  ```python---> GLOBALS = {} def convert
36046: This Python function checks whether the difference between two points in space is ‘zero’, and raises an error when it's not. Then returns
36047: This line of the Python script checks if either "Copyright" nor “Permissions” is present in any part within 'text'. If it finds
36048: If the strings are not of equal length or have different types, return zero. Also checks that both inputs were string before proceeding with calculation and returns their
36049: This Python script iterates over the items of 'resource' dictionary and skips those keys that are present on list named "blackList". The remaining
36050: If the square is zero, return "zero". Otherwise calculate and store in variable 'result' as integer part of squared value plus one half rounded
36051: Defines the function 'check\_types' that checks if an input is of certain data types. If it isn’t then returns "None".
36052: This function takes in an input 'position' and returns the same output as before but with each element of that array being rounded down to its nearest whole
36053: This function checks if every character of the string 's' is less than 127. If it returns True, then each characer can
36054: This Python function adds the values of two dictionaries and returns them as new dictionary. If keys exist, it will sum up their corresponding value pairs;
36055: This function converts an input to its integer or floating point equivalent, depending on whether it can be converted. If the conversion isn't possible due
36056: If the IP address is either 'localhost' or loopback, return “IPv4”; else check whether it’s an IPv6
36057: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between each point and another given reference, then stores these distances into an array 'dists'. The function
36058: This Python function returns the corresponding DNA base at given index. If an invalid input is provided, it defaults to '?' as unknown or unrecognized
36059: This line of the Python script creates an empty string and assigns it to 'label' variable. If there are no label provided then nothing will be
36060: This Python function takes as input the list of strings, and returns another one with each string appended by "es" if it ends on an odd
36061: If the name is NOT found within 'Data', it will return an array of details split by "/". Otherwise, returns just that value.  This
36062: This Python function takes an integer list as its argument and returns the total of all integers in that array. It splits each number by comma to get
36063: This Python script attempts to extract the 'ID' from an URL using regular expressions, and if it fails or cannot convert into integer then returns default value
36064: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an average score by dividing one value with another, then scales it up to percentage format using some
36065: This function checks if the given attribute value exists within any of our partitioned data sets and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it is found there
36066: Generates an empty string of length 'n' with all zeros.  Code is simple and efficient but lacks context or description which makes it
36067: This function calculates the value of an element in series using its own index. The formula is derived from mathematical theory and it's used to calculate
36068: This python function calculates the total cost of phone, email and overbound calls based on given dictionary 'dict' where keys are service providers like "
36069: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two strings. The result is obtained by adding together all characters in both input string, then
36070: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'robot_id' exists as key ('name') within dictionary named "robots". If
36071: If the given 'node' exists, return it. Otherwise returns none 	Type of Code Snippet/Example(s): Python; Java
36072: If the 'verbose' count is greater than or equal to five, return ten. Else check next condition and so on until reaching zero level
36073: This Python function attempts to convert the input 'Value' into an actual number. If it fails due some reason like if we pass something that is not
36074: This function returns zero when the input is less than or equal to one, and it will return either of two values depending on whether 'x' exceeds
36075: If the sum of upstream data is greater than or equal to downlink speed then return one and zero else it returns ratio between total received bytes divided
36076: This function checks the type of network interface based on its name. It returns 'None' when it doesn’t recognize any kind, and otherwise return
36077: If the list of runs has no entries, return true. Otherwise check whether it's already been added to 'badRuns'. Return false otherwise
36078: This Python function returns the same as its input but with certain keys removed from it. The only ones that are present here include 'message' and their
36079: This line of the Python function checks if '(powermod)' is equal to one. It does so by raising base number "power" mod
36080: If the source data type of 'source' variable matches any dictionary or lists types then it will be transformed by replacing keys and values with new ones from
36081: If the 'meta' object doesnt exist, return none; else split it into its component parts and traverse through them to find out what value
36082: This line of the given Python script splits an IP address into its constituent parts, and then returns one part which is not within 'mac'
36083: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. If either number is less than zero it will return as if they were zeros but in order to avoid
36084: Removes leading and trailing spaces from the string, replaces multiple consecutive whitespaces with one space in between them using strip(). Also removes extra white
36085: This script is used to update the 'doc' field of each document within an Elasticsearch index with specific values from another dictionary called `data`
36086: This line of the script splits an input string into two parts using Python's built in function, which is then assigned to 'return'. The
36087: Checks if two strings are the same, ignoring case and special characters – only alphabets from 'a' to ('z')
36088: This function checks if the year is divisible by four, but not both. If it's evenly divided and also leaves no remainder when checked
36089: This Python function calculates the Fiboancci sequence. It raises an error if input is negative or noninteger, and returns zero when
36090: This function calculates the value of an investment based on its starting and stopping amounts. The formula is “(1−amount)*start+Amount
36091: This function takes two points and determines the direction of movement based on their coordinates. It returns as strings 'Left' or Right', depending if they are
36092: This function takes in two points and returns the difference between their y coordinates. The first coordinate is subtracted by one to account that Python uses zero based
36093: This Python function checks if the string starts with an uppercase vowel, and returns either “An” or just one of two possible answers.
36094: This function checks if the input string contains at least one character from 'letters' list. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is
36095: This line of the script creates an array called "cluster" that contains all elements from active sites. The number and type are not specified, but it
36096: This Python function checks the value of 'gpu' and returns an empty list, or none depending on its current state; otherwise it converts string to
36097: If the variable 'trans' holds string data type then return it. Else go to next line of program and print "Not String" as default
36098: This function checks the value of 'gl' and returns it as string, with GL prefixes replaced by their corresponding Python equivalents or capitalized first
36099: A dictionary with four string values and two boolean value. The third step is another nested dictionaries where keys are 'keys' as well the second level
36100: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an element in our dataset, which is then used to calculate some statistics about it later on using num
36101: This Python script calculates the total damage and armor value of an item' s equipments by iterating over each piece it has equipped with its respective
36102: This Python function takes an input list of strings and returns the same string repeated as many times equal to its length, with each repetition being separated by
36103: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns two points' dot product. The first point is multiplied by its second component, then both
36104: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will return one at random to avoid any
36105: This function returns the string 'open sent' or `opened confirm'. If it is in an open sentence, return Open Sent; else uppercase
36106: If the value of 'a' is greater than half its maximum limit, subtract it from that max. Otherwise return what you get in both cases
36107: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - just keep returning itself. This function will always end with an integer
36108: This Python function checks the first character of an input string. If it's [, then returns array; otherwise return String as output from python language
36109: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence. It takes as input an array of characters representing nucleotides, and returns another string with each character replaced
36110: This function returns the result of an expression where 'a' is multiplied by some power to get it in base 10, then adds another
36111: This function returns the URL with two parameters. The first parameter is taken as an index in array, and second one takes it's corresponding value from
36112: This function sorts the input string and checks if it is alphabetically sorted. It does so by first collecting each character of an array, then applying
36113: This function checks if the predicted tokens are equal to those of another sentence or not by comparing their lengths with each other; also it compares them case
36114: This Python script returns the name and email of each person who has made changes to any file. The information is obtained from 'commit' data, which
36115: If the first bit of 'Position' is ‘zero’, return false. Otherwise check whether there are any bits set in positions that follow after
36116: If the input text 'txt' does not exist or it’s an empty string then return null. Else convert each character to its HTML entity
36117: This script defines two models that can be used to estimate the contaminant concentration, and checks if an input model name matches one of them or returns false
36118: This function returns all records from the 'data' list where attribute is equal to given "value". The resultant output will be stored as another name
36119: This line of the Python script creates an SQL INSERT statement. It takes in one parameter, which is 'table name'.  The function then returns that
36120: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the items from first_set that are present only within second.  It uses 'in'
36121: This piece of python script checks the number 'current' and its neighbouring cells. If there are 0, one og two neighbors it will
36122: This Python function sorts the elements in an input list. The sorted() builtin is used to sort and collect().  It then joins all of these
36123: This script is used to filter out the http(s), trailing slash and port number from list of URL'S, it also removes any
36124: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to alpha_minusoneplusxdividedbyp, where 'a'
36125: Code is stripping multiple layers of whitespace from each line in the file and then mapping that to strings with str() function which converts all characters
36126: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius by subtracting the value of 'F' from itself and then dividing it
36127: This function checks if the input p has two elements of type string or integer. If it does not have exactly 3 arguments then returns False; otherwise
36128: This script converts the directory path to lower case, replaces certain characters if they exist within it or removes them entirely based on specific conditions specified by
36129: This Python script removes the first occurrence of an element from list 'Other' and then continues to check if that same value is still present within it until
36130: This Python script splits the input string into keys and their corresponding index values using "==" as separator then sorts them based on these indexes or
36131: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns halfway point between two elements in an array 'A'.  The result is obtained by adding
36132: This function checks if the input string starts with "constant". If it does, then returns that constant name; otherwise return 'None'.  It also
36133: If the 'tier' list isn’t provided, return an empty array. Otherwise it will iteratively unpack each nested lists within that of "
36134: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36135: If 'use' variable in the function parameters, then it will be used. Otherwise if no such parameter exists and there are any arguments passed to that
36136: This is an implementation of a hash function that takes as input any String and returns the corresponding Int. The output will be between 1 to INT_
36137: This line of the function returns whether or no "Minimum Price" exists in our dataset, and if it does - what its value would be?
36138: This Python script generates an object that contains attachmenst to add. The number of the attachemnts is determined by 'number' variable and
36139: Code assigns three variables, two of which are assigned the value from an object. The third variable is then set to be equal with another piece data
36140: This function returns the string "name/1.o".  It is used to create an HTTP header in response messages, which includes information about what
36141: This Python function calculates the power of an integer using binary exponents. It takes two parameters, 'number' and "power", where number is
36142: Retrieves the first key from 'key' of dictionary, then access its value under subdict with name as revisons and returns it or an
36143: This function takes two numbers as input, checks if the first number is greater than or less then second. If it's true that one of them
36144: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two values. The first value is the result of bitwise AND operation between 'logical' part
36145: This Python function filters out the "hydra" prefix from all elements of an input list 'override'. The output is another new, un
36146: This Python script creates an object that maps each unique string to its count within the input list of strings 'words'. It uses dictionary data structure and get
36147: This Python function converts all non-"ACGT" characters to hyphens and returns the result as an input string, but it is case insensitive
36148: If the input is less than 2, it returns that same value. This function does not do anything else and simply checks whether or no an integer
36149: This Python function checks if the 'previous' JSON object has any fields that are present only within its own dictionary or subdictionaries but absent from both
36150: This Python script reads the content of an input file and stores it into memory as if each line is stored on its own list item, effectively treating every
36151: This Python function converts degrees to hours and returns the time in decimal format. The input is assumed as an angle of rotation or movement which can be
36152: " + re.sub(r'\s+', ' ', text).strip()[:10]  # Summary of the regex pattern and its
36153: This line of Python script returns the sorted version string.  It uses built in function "". join()"" to concatenates all elements into one single
36154: This function calculates the distance between two viewport sizes. It returns negative value if first size is larger than second, otherwise it will calculate and then
36155: This Python function converts DNA sequences from the standard A, T , C to G.  It uses an if/else statement within looping through
36156: This Python function takes in two strings, and returns the second string after removing all underscores from both sides of it using slicing operation on python
36157: This function returns three lines of text. The first line is the input message mesg and its length will be determined by len() on it; second
36158: A function that takes an input string and checks if it matches the pattern of 'occupied' in any row. If so, returns true; otherwise
36159: This Python function checks whether the input number is prime or not. If it's less than two, then output 'Invalid'. Else check from
36160: This Python script creates an environment variable and then uses it to count the occurrences of each unique cheffile' environments within all given Chefs
36161: Checks whether the name is present or not. If yes, returns true else false – Code snippet to be used as reference when implementing
36162: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the output dimensions of some dataframe and append each one to another array named 'TargetDim
36163: This Python function takes in the filename to be moved and returns two pieces of information - The original name before any changes is returned as "old" while
36164: A dictionary is created with the name, pricing type as fixed and price details. The product ids are also included in user data field of each item
36165: This Python script checks if the input string contains any non alphabetic characters, including hyphens and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition
36166: This Python function checks whether an 'image name', which is assumed to be the path of some file, contains either slash ('/'), dot('.
36167: This Python script reverses the inputted strings and then converts each character to its reverse complement using dictionary mapping of DNA bases ('AT' ->
36168: This Python script is used to filter out orphans from the list of all available trace objects and return only those that are currently 'alive'.
36169: This python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'out' variable and checks if each element is also present within another collection ('in
36170: This Python script creates and returns an object with the metric name as 'Error' in JSON format. The dimension is empty, but it has one key
36171: This line of the Python script joins all strings in an array with ' '.  It splits each string by two consecutive @@ symbols and then removes
36172: This Python function is used to compare two dictionaries and return the keys that exist only once or are present both but have different values. It also returns
36173: This function returns the coordinates of four corners that make up an ellipse centered at flare's position. The size and direction are determined by
36174: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns "fitness" from an object named 'info'. The value is obtained by accessing its key
36175: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36176: This Python function calculates the cost per kWH of an electric vehicle. It takes in parameters like dollar amount, watts used and cents/K
36177: If the map does not exist, returns none. Otherwise checks whether there's an obstacle in front of us and subtract one from it before
36178: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns their product. The inputs are multiplied together to produce the output in one line of return statement using
36179: This Python script creates an email message with specific details. The user is able input their name and other personal information such as street number/name alongwith
36180: This script is designed to calculate the number of milliseconds in different time intervals. It takes an input parameter 'interval' that determines how long you
36181: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
36182: If the given 'path' is empty, return '/'. Else check whether last character of provided string ends with slash ('/').  In
36183: This line of Python script calculates the squared difference between each pair from two lists and sums them up. The result is then returned as an output
36184: This python script calculates the magnitude of 3d vector using Euclidean distance formula and returns it as resultant value, which is then squared
36185: Checks if two strings are anagrams of each other. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false  [10 points]
36186: This python script calculates the similarity between two lists of strings. The function splits each string into its constituent parts and compares them to determine
36187: This script generates the list of IPs and ports from 'peers' dictionary.  It is used to establish connections with other nodes on network,
36188: A dictionary that maps numbers to their word equivalents. This is useful in programming where you need an easy way of mapping from numeric values back into
36189: Counts the number of elements that are different between two lists.  The function takes as input both list 'b' and another one named "c
36190: This Python script opens the file specified by 'file' in write mode and writes content to it using `f` object from within that context manager which
36191: This function is creating an underscore separated string from the input 'Key'. It keeps adding one more under_score after each existing _underscores
36192: This function takes as input an N by M 3D list and returns the same structure but with each element divided to its total. If there is
36193: This Python function calculates the average of three f scores from an input dictionary. The keys in each subdictionary are "0", "", and ""
36194: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36195: This Python script finds the position of "First occurrence". It uses regular expressions to find and return only that part before it, which in our case would
36196: This line of the Python script returns how many elements are in 'splitted' list by using pipe character as separator, which is used to split
36197: If the string is less than 3 characters long and its initial character equals to it's final one, then returns true. Else if not
36198: This Python script converts the input string into dictionary format where each word is used as keys and their corresponding value from 'Variant String' will be
36199: This function checks the value of 'val' against an operator and returns True or False. The comparison is based on either equality, inequality ("op"
36200: If the first argument of function call isn't provided, it will return its second parameter. Else when only one paramter given but both are
36201: This function checks whether the input is within range of values from zero to nine. If it's not then return an object with that step as its
36202: This Python function is used to remove the first occurrence of each word from an input string. It uses list comprehension and find() method, which are
36203: This function returns the four values of an input number 'n'. The first value is set to be equal with "1", and all other three are
36204: Returns the time value from an object.  This is used to determine when something happened in relation with other objects or events within your program's logic
36205: This line of the program splits each character in 'value' into its own element and then converts it to uppercase using Python’s built
36206: This function calculates the difference between two test statistics and divides it by their average, then multiplies that resultant value with ten to get percent
36207: This function checks if the given token is one of four predefined string literals.  It does so by iterating over all provided strings and
36208: This Python function checks whether the input 'picture' URL is empty or not, and raises an error message in case it’s found to be so
36209: This Python script creates an empty array and then populates it with the keys from input string, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace using built
36210: This script checks the format of files with extensions from an array and returns true if it's one among these, false otherwise – Code is written
36211: This function calculates the total cost of purchasing value by multiplying purchase price with commercialization. The result is divided to get an overall profit or loss
36212: This function takes in the coordinates of an object's bounding rectangle and returns its minimum X coordinate(`XMIN()), Y maximum coor
36213: This Python function checks whether the input string contains ':' and, If it does then splites that part of text into two parts using ':', else
36214: This python script creates an empty list called "persistent" and then populates it with the sum of each pair adjacent elements from input 'diagram
36215: This Python function increments the value of 'pitch' by 4 if it is not equal to None and True, otherwise returns its current state
36216: Checks if the given condition is true. If it's not, returns an error message; otherwise return 'OK'.  This function checks whether
36217: This Python function calculates the number of "points" based on how many hours and/or days are passed to it. If there is more than
36218: This function takes an array 'indices' and checks the length to see whether it is more or equal/less that three elements; If yes then
36219: This function takes an URL as input and returns the domain name after "//" if it exists, otherwise return original string unchanged – Python Code Sn
36220: If the dataset doesnt have datetime attribute and its length is less than 3 then return original else copy it with new attributes added to make sure that
36221: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns an empty sequence. Otherwise return all elements from start to end of original list minus one and
36222: This Python script is used to extract the geometric objects from an entity dictionary and store them into 'Solidos' list, which will be later utilized by
36223: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input number 'n' and returns its result. The operation is performed in reverse order, starting from right
36224: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in 'list' by converting it to set and then back into lists.  It is used when you
36225: This function takes two parameters hpo and id. It returns the string in format '<HPO ID>_{table}' where <...>='
36226: This function calculates the direction of an object in relation to another. It takes into account that it is rotating clockwise, so if you subtract
36227: If the input 'Sample ID' isn’t of type string or doesn‘nt contain GP/EC “G” in it. Then return
36228: Checks if the CLI version is less than “v1” and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it will default
36229: “[Your Name] created the [Object/Function name].”. Replace "[Name]" with your actual fullname and replace 'msg
36230: This function returns the integer part of 'num' after being multiplied by ten to power precision. The result is then divided again with one followed immediately
36231: This function checks if all characters of the string 's' are ASCII. If not, it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that they
36232: If the input is zero, it returns one. Otherwise calls function "SurrSaur" with argument decreased by on and return its result which
36233: This Python function generates all possible combinations of elements from the input list xs by using nested loops to generate each combination and appending it into another result
36234: This line of Python script adds two numbers and stores the result in variable 'sum'. 1+3=4. The variables are named "a
36235: This Python script is searching through an array of tuples, looking specifically at the second element and comparing it to some value 'station'. If they
36236: A function that returns the first matching dictionary from an array of dictionaries. If no match is found, it will return 'None'.  The search
36237: If the length of 'Content' is less than or equal to 1023, return it as given. Otherwise append an ellipsis
36238: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36239: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
36240: This line of the function returns 0.97, which is one less than delta in percentage form or as an integer value if it's
36241: This function checks if there is at least one key 'x' present within the list of all snaphots. If so, it returns True;
36242: This Python script splits the given string into lines, then checks each one to see if it contains 'totalphysicalmemory'. If so - sets `
36243: This Python function converts seconds into hours/minutes and remaining secounds. The result is returned in the form of three separate variables 'h',
36244: If the key 'question' contains either keyword qids or ids, return its value. Otherwise returns an empty string – Code snippet
36245: This Python function takes as input the name of an arbitrary file, and returns that same string with any characters present within "forbiden" list removed
36246: This function calculates the kinetic energy of an object given its weight and speed, which is half that calculated by multiplying both values together with their respective
36247: Code explanation of the given python script. This is an example Python program that uses dictionary to store data in key value pairs and lists as values
36248: This function checks if the input string contains at least one digit character or not using Python's builtin functions like `str` , 'any',
36249: This Python script calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of two bounding boxes.  The result is stored in variables `ibox`
36250: This Python function returns the same result as its input, but written more concisely. It checks each element of an array and replaces it with '
36251: This line of the Python script checks whether 'x' is equal to string value greater than $" >  £". If it does, then returns
36252: This function is used to get all descendant pages of the given list 'parent' and return them as an array with their ids."
36253: This Python script filters out the items from 'dictionary' that are not present as key values within list of dictionaries named "keys". The filtered
36254: This Python script converts DNA sequences to RNA by replacing each of the four types ("ACTGN" -> "UGCAC"). It also
36255: This function calculates the next value of FWHM based on current values and lambda, secZ parameters using an exponential decay model to account both
36256: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36257: This line of the function normalizes an input value 'x' by subtracting its average and dividing it into standard deviation. The result is returned
36258: This function converts the input string to snake_case format by replacing hyphens with underscores and slashes/forwardslashesc
36259: This function checks if the value of 'val' is within range between two ends, inclusive. If it isn’t then returns False; otherwise True
36260: This Python function takes as input an iterable of groups and returns three lists; one list per each element from the original order they were given to be
36261: This Python function checks if the coordinates of each point in 'coord' are within their respective dimensions. If they do not meet these conditions it returns
36262: This function checks whether two numbers are powers of each other. It uses recursion to check the divisibility condition by checking modulo operation on both
36263: This line of Python script converts the input string to uppercase and prepends it with 'NLS_'.  It'll be useful
36264: This line of the Python script is creating an array that starts from index len(old), and ends at end. It's basically returning all elements
36265: This Python function counts the number of set bits in binary representation. It uses bitwise AND and right shift operations to count how many times 'set'
36266: This line of Python script is setting the value "true" or '1' to be stored in variable `resp`. The key associated with that
36267: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two 3D points. The distances are calculated by subtracting corresponding elements of each point and squ
36268: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36269: Code returns the sum of two numbers, 'a' &amp;#x3D;&gt;"b"&lt;/code>.
36270: This function calculates the area of triangle using base and height as input parameters, returning half its value which is equivalent to calculating surface Area in geometry context
36271: Returns the value of "var" in config file.  This is done by accessing dictionary 'dict' and then using key to get its corresponding values
36272: This line of Python script returns the dictionary with keys that are not equal to 'Score' from an inputted object called `contribution` using Dictionary
36273: This Python script calculates the maximum dimension of all nonempty tensors present within an iterable object 'mps'. The function returns that value as
36274: This two lines of JavaScript are performing the same operation, but in different order. The first line is adding 'divider' to an initial value and
36275: This function returns the video ID and start/finish times in 01 format with leading zeros if necessary to make them two digits long
36276: This function is used to perform bitwise operations on the given number. It uses left shift operator '<' and right arithmetic shifting operators in Python
36277: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty list or tuple, and raises error message "Iterables are Empty!" If it's neither
36278: This function replaces all spaces in the input with underscores, effectively converting text to lowercase and removing any unwanted whitespace characters from it
36279: This Python function compares two version numbers and returns True if the first is less than second, False otherwise using "major" part of versions as comparison
36280: This function returns the value of 'd' dictionary based on input x and if it doesn’t exist in that return default string “ A”
36281: This script defines several variables and conditions to set the appropriate data types based on input. It also handles invalid inputs by throwing an 'error' message when
36282: This line of the Python script checks if there's an "error:" string at start and extracting it from that position to endline, ign
36283: This program uses the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. The main idea is that it repeatedly subtracts one number from another until
36284: If the input 'km' isn’t provided, return none; otherwise calculate and returns its value divided by one million to get miles as output from
36285: This line of the script replaces an instance in mRef with val and then calls execute on it using Python's builtin function `exec()
36286: This function checks whether the given string is present as an element of 'history' list. If it isn’t, then return false; otherwise true
36287: Swap the first and third elements of two lists if their order is incorrect. If not correct then swap them in reverse sequence as well; Python'
36288: If the site isn't closed, return true; otherwise it returns false or throws an exception depending on what needs to be done with that information in
36289: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on whether it contains "\\r?[ \t]*\R?" or not and
36290: If the 'content type' variable isn’t set, return an empty string and otherwise extracts only first part of MIME Type which separates
36291: This Python script creates an array of differences between consecutive elements from the 'totals' list by subtracting each element with its previous one and storing these
36292: This line of the given Python script converts both 'y_true' and ‘’s to lower case using .lowercase(). It
36293: This Python function concatenates the string 'UK' with 3 characters from variable `ssk`, then appends '/folder_name/',
36294: If the input 'Path' is empty, it raises an error. Otherwise returns '/'.  concatenated with Path as output string in Python language using
36295: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36296: This line of the script retrieves values from an object's properties named "region". The keys are used to access these property names, and if
36297: This function returns the file name of an RST document. The modulename is used to construct and compose filename with extension .txt, which
36298: This function checks if the given attribute exists on any of its children nodes, returning true or false accordingly based upon whether it is present and not empty respectively
36299: This Python script converts the given dictionary into another format and sorts it based on UUIDs using list comprehension with conditional statements to handle missing values ("
36300: This Python function calculates the nth Fibonacci number using matrix exponentiation. The algorithm uses Euler's totient and ph
36301: This function checks whether the first or second person is verified. If they are, it returns +/-/or return value based on which one has more
36302: This function returns the appropriate category based on an inputted 'age' value. It checks different conditions and assigns them to return values accordingly, otherwise
36303: Returns the value of 'class' in dictionary. If it doesn’t exist, returns None – one line python function to get an object from
36304: If the value is negative, it adds '-' to start of string and then appends absolute values.  It also concatenates 'SD'. The
36305: This function converts all keys of nested dictionaries to their corresponding values' case insensitive version and replaces 'true'/yes/1 with True
36306: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36307: This function splits the given string into lines based on non word characters and returns them in lower case, with each returned value having 'num' number
36308: Code explanation and usage of the variables used within it, along with any assumptions made or limitations encountered during development/testing phase – please provide details about
36309: This Python script creates an array of variables that are not in the 'knowledge' list. The result is then returned as another variable named `unknown
36310: This Python script calculates the length of longest category key. It uses dictionary comprehension to iteratively go through each item and finds out which one has
36311: This Python script finds and removes brackets from the given string of text, effectively removing all parenthesized content within it using stack data structure approach to
36312: This line of the Python script checks if 'rule' is equal to its stripped version, which means it only contains whitespace characters on both ends
36313: This Python function calculates the total of all digits present within base raised to an exponent. It does so by converting each number into its integer equivalent
36314: This Python function is used to get the number of times each type appears and also returns total time taken by it from ElasticSearch result set."
36315: This line of the given Python script returns 1 if 'twa' is less than zero, and it will otherwise output any other integer value that
36316: This Python function takes an input dictionary of optional parameters and returns the same as output. The keys are 'Assocation', ‘ Indicate’,
36317: This Python script converts the given 'time' in seconds into minutes, hours and microseconds. The result is then printed out to console using an
36318: Generates an output in the format of one line with all input variables.  The first two lines are just placeholders and will be replaced by actual
36319: This Python script creates two lists and populates them with items from the 'expected' list that are not present within both of these new created empty sets
36320: This Python function multiplies two lists elementwise and returns the result as another list of rows, where each row is an individual multiplication between corresponding elements from
36321: This line of the function checks if value is within given range.  It returns True or False based on whether it's in that specific validated
36322: This script is used to find the number of times each platform appears and sorts them based on that count with most common first using Python' builtin functions
36323: Code is now exposed to the outside world, returning function 'func' – Function that returns an object of type "function" in Python with attribute
36324: This function checks whether the input date string 'adate' can be parsed into three separate year/months / days components or returns ‘False
36325: This function returns different strings based on the value of 'p' in relation to ‘threshold’, which is set at zero and increments
36326: This line of Python script returns all tasks that have the same "task id" as input. It uses list comprehension to filter out any results where
36327: This function converts the input to decimal format, and then formats it as per requirement with two decimals only using Python's built in string
36328: If the number of samples is zero, return zeros. Otherwise calculate and returns one line python function that calculates how many samples are left to process
36329: This Python function calculates the lower and upper bounds of an interval based on percentages in two variables, 'y' percentage value to compare with "
36330: This function converts the input 'Oxygen counts' to microgram/mL. If an exception is raised, it prints "Exception caught"
36331: This Python script converts JSON data into the format of an array with each element being paired twice to create duplicates from original input json object's
36332: This line of the function calculates an address that is aligned to 'align' bytes. The alignment value should be at least one byte; otherwise it
36333: This Python script calculates the net worth of an investment by multiplying its weight with certain costs. The result is then added up to give final value
36334: This Python function checks whether the input list 'rows' has any nonempty header. If it does, then creates an inner lists with each column from
36335: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
36336: This script cleans the data by removing any values less than –or greaterthan -, which are likely outliers and should be removed from our
36337: This Python function checks whether the input values are equal. If they're not it returns them in range format with specified number of digits before and
36338: Code is returning an object with certain properties. The 'request' property contains the id of some command and parameters are empty in it which means that no
36339: This Python function checks whether the variable 'y' is zero, and returns either its value or "zero" in case it isn’t. Otherwise
36340: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns whether or not it is possible to reach 0 with positive integers
36341: This Python function returns the first edge that is less than or equal to 'value' along with its index. If no such element exists it will return
36342: This Python function checks whether the input "name" starts with 'Par' and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise it raises an
36343: This Python function returns the index of first occurrence ‘1’ or 'None' when it encounters zero. If no such character exists then return
36344: This function calculates the center of two geographical coordinates given their bounding box. The input is in longitude and lattitude format with
36345: This line of the Python script replaces all occurrences in 'val', with single quotes, and returns it wrapped within double quote marks."
36346: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase and then uses reverse mapping from DNA complementary strand of nucleotides ('AT' -
36347: A function that sorts the courses based on their 'Annoucements' or default to start time of course using Python dictionary and LAMBDA
36348: This Python function takes an input matrix and returns the transpose of that same. The 'zip' builtin python method is used to iteratively pair
36349: Checks whether the input is either 'True' or 'False'. If not it throws an error.  Code snippet to convert boolean strings
36350: This Python function calculates the X coordinate of an image based on its location in relation to another object. The distance from that other point is calculated,
36351: This Python script defines and uses the list of prime numbers ‘small prunes’. It then checks if any number from an inputted array '
36352: This function checks if the given 'time' is within range [min,max]. If it does then returns True else False.  The parameters are
36353: This line of the given Python script is defining an object named "clip" which will be used to store and manipulate data related with clipping.
36354: This function calculates the value of an equation using coefficients and powers. The coefficient is multiplied by 'power' raised to two, then added with
36355: This function calculates the slope of an interpolation between two points. The formula is derived from linear algebra and it's used in image processing to
36356: Throws an error when the value of 'N' is not within valid range.  If values are outbound it throws Domain Error with appropriate
36357: This function calculates the number of hours in given date data. The result is rounded to two decimal places using Python's builtin math library functions
36358: Throws an error when the value of 'x' is negative.  This checks whether or not it can possibly cause any errors in our program by
36359: This function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the value of freezing point in f
36360: This line of the given Python script adds 'correction' to an element in list named "programs" at index corresponding with key from dictionary.
36361: This line of Python script performs elementwise subtraction between two vectors. The result is another one with the same length as input but each value has been
36362: This function calculates the value of an expression based on input parameters 'x' and ‘n’, which are not used in its calculation but
36363: This function calculates the percentage of an element in list based on its ranking and maximum possible value. If it's less than zero, returns '
36364: This function converts the input to an integer if it's possible. If that fails and raises exception then returns provided 'Default'. It also ensures
36365: If the value of 'expected' is less than one, return an error. Else check whether it exceeds maximum limit or not and then finally calculate
36366: This Python function converts all non whitespace characters to lowercase and returns the result as one line of text, similar functionality like `lower()`
36367: This function takes an input list of names and returns the same output as it does with only alphabetic characters. It ignores any special or
36368: This function checks whether the current cell is at one of four corners. If it's, then return true; otherwise false or None depending on conditions
36369: This Python script calculates the number of iterations required to escape from Mandelbrot set. It uses iteration method and returns an integer value which is
36370: This function checks if the arguments passed to it are valid or invalid, returning true when they're all correct and false otherwise based on whether each argument
36371: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains any dots or underscores using the find() method of Python's builtin str class
36372: This function calculates the probability of accepting an updated configuration based on its cost and how long it has been since last accepted or rejected, with exponential decay
36373: Checks whether `alpha`` lies within an allowed range. If it does and isn't zero or one then raises error message with details about what
36374: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36375: This Python function checks the type of an input and converts it to its lowercase version, then returns that converted result or original unaltered depending
36376: This Python function calculates the derivative of given system's state variables with respect to time using Euler method. The parameters are beta and/or
36377: This function splits the string into three parameters and converts them to their respective data types using Python's built in functions split(), convert() &
36378: This function calculates the average of two vectors, each divided by another vector. The result is then reduced to half and squared with an additional term
36379: This Python function checks whether the given string contains "." and splits it into two parts. If there is no dot then return one part as zero
36380: If the dictionary 'dic' exists, then return its value associated with given "Key" else returns default.  This function will be used to get
36381: This Python function takes two points in the plane and calculates their average as if they were vectors, then returns that vector's magnitude or length using
36382: This Python function checks the type of input and performs different actions based on that; it returns an empty array when given `None` as its argument or
36383: This Python function checks whether the input character is either 'O' ('\x4F') in ASCII, which represents 79 and '\
36384: This Python function checks whether the value of 'y' is greater than or equal to two, and then calculates its remainder when divided by either one
36385: A dictionary that maps the string representation of different types to their corresponding LGS value. The function takes in an input 'geo' type as parameter which
36386: This Python function takes in the string 'list' and returns it as an array of strings after removing any None values. It then joins these elements with
36387: This Python script splits the input string into three parts using hyphen as separator and then converts second part to integer if it'll be
36388: If the value of 'isInSupport' equals to "unsupported", return true, else false or error (-).   The function returns True when
36389: This Python function generates an array of odd numbers up to 'N' and then returns the last element in that list minus N plus one as calculated by
36390: This Python script reads from the input list and writes to an output string buffer using String IO functionality of python which allows us write data into memory as if
36391: This line of Python function returns the time in milliseconds. The input is multiplied by ten thousand, and then rounded to an integer value using
36392: Assigns the value of 'sco' to "user" dictionary key named game and then assigning it as an attribute.  It returns
36393: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. Input parameters are base and height, output returns calculated Area in square units
36394: The first element of the list is "FAILED" and its second value as well - which are both numbers in float format ie., '
36395: This line of the program opens and reads from file.  The filename is passed as an argument to function 'open'. It tries opening that specific .
36396: This line of Python script calculates the number days since Unixtime began, plus an offset. The result is returned as seconds from January first
36397: This Python function returns the indices of nodes and times in an array. The numbering starts from 0 to 'size -1'. Each element is
36398: A dictionary that maps file types to their respective descriptions.  The keys are the type characters and values represent different categories of files or descriptive text about
36399: If the key is 'app_i', then it will print out an error message.  Otherwise, continue with other operations as normal... Code continues
36400: This line of Python script calculates the square root using Binet's formula, which is an approximation to calculate roots in real numbers and has been
36401: This function returns the path to resources in Sudoko game.  The file is passed as an argument and it'll be used by formatting
36402: This Python script calculates the difference between two dictionaries and multiplies it by some mix factor, then adds that to an old dictionary's value
36403: A dictionary that maps cATH class numbers to their corresponding descriptions.  The function returns the description of an inputted CATH Class number, if
36404: Counts the number of times that there is an element with value greater than its two neighbors.  The function returns zero if no such elements exist and
36405: If the reaction value is not equal to 1, return that. Otherwise do nothing and then end with an empty string."""
36406: This Python function replaces all occurrences of the character "Z" in an input string with three exclamation marks and then removes any remaining
36407: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36408: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
36409: This Python function calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each list within an inputted nested lists. The result is returned as one line output
36410: This line of Python script checks whether the variable 'max\_proc' exists. If it does exist then return that value as an array else create and
36411: This Python function checks if the variable passed to it has an integer value. If not - returns false; otherwise true or raises exception in case of any
36412: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that these points
36413: This function is used to correct the factors of an array. It takes in two parameters; 'value' and index ('I'). If it encounters
36414: This function checks whether the given character is an 'x', ‘0’,or space. If it's not one of these characters then
36415: This function checks the value of 'metric' and returns different values based on it. It also handles cases where '-', '_','AUC,' or
36416: This function returns the maximum of two numbers, m and s. It calculates their absolute values first to ensure they are positive before comparing them with each
36417: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an inputted 'input_string' by converting it to set and then back into List.
36418: This Python function checks whether the remainder of 'h' divided by any number in range from `s` to k. If it finds such an integer
36419: This script checks if the given IP range matches with an entry from 'rules' list. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false or None
36420: This function checks the type of input, returns different outputs based on conditions met in inputs – it handles various cases like pluralizing names when there is
36421: This line of the Python function calculates and returns difference between two heights in meters, converted to feet by multiplying it with factor .006
36422: This Python script checks each character of the string 's'. If it encounters any characters that are not within ASCII range, i.e.,
36423: This function calculates the ratio of two functions, one being raised to an exponent and another not yet raising it by n times in each term respectively which
36424: This function checks the state of an element in Conway's Game Of Life. If it is alive, its next generation will be also live;
36425: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value by scaling down or up based on 'granularities' parameter, then
36426: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an integer value. The values are calculated based on three parameters, 'row', which is incremented
36427: This line of the Python script converts raw price to floating point number by dividing it with ten hundred, which is equivalent in terms as converting from
36428: This function loads the geometries from GeoJSON and returns them as list of Polyshapes or single PolyShape if it's not Feature Collection
36429: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem, where it squares
36430: If the subject or object of an edge is not equal to its corresponding candidate, return false. Otherwise continue with other checks; otherwise returns true after all
36431: If the remainder of 'Number' divided by eighty is greater than forty, subtract that from Number and add an extra ten. Otherwise return original
36432: If the length of list 'a' is greater than that in array/list, return false. Else continue to check each element from first position
36433: This function sorts the input object based on its type and value using recursion to handle nested lists/dictionaries within objects of different types like ints
36434: "Defines whether or not an input integer n represents 'happy' numbers."	}"```   Code Explanation and Summary : The function
36435: This line of the Python script checks whether or not 'Chromosome' starts with “CHR”, and replaces it only when
36436: Checks if the 'aggregation field' exists as key of dictionary `heshabi_body` – Heshabo is an
36437: If the key 'id' exists, return its value. Else it returns an empty dictionary as default case when no such data is found or not
36438: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will return one at random."
36439: This line of the script checks whether meta value provided by user or default one exists. If it's list, then convert to string; otherwise leave
36440: A dictionary is created with the key "from" and its value set to 'Form' – Python Dictionary. The function returns that dictonary
36441: This function converts an RGB value to YIQ color space and then checks if the resulting luminance is above 4% of white's
36442: If any of the inputs are negative or 'q' is not greater than 3, then it returns '-'. Otherwise continue with calculation.   [
36443: This Python script filters out the parameters that are already set. It checks if any of these parameter names exist within 'unique config flags' and removes them
36444: This function calculates the inverse of 3x3 matrix using its Determinants. If deterimnante is zero it returns 'None
36445: This Python script calculates the distance between two lists of numbers. It uses list comprehension and builtin function 'zip' to iteratively pair elements
36446: This function calculates the value of an expression. The result is returned as 'return' statement in Python language, where epsilons are multi
36447: This function compares two metrics, 'either' or both. If the first parameter is set to either of three values ("all"), it will return
36448: If the dictionary has no entries, it returns true. Otherwise checks whether each entry of 'themes' matches with given list and recursively calls itself
36449: This Python script repeatedly doubles the value of 'num' until it is no longer less than or equal to ‘val’ and adds that number
36450: This Python script splits the input string into minutes and seconds using ':' as separator then converts it to total number of minute or second by
36451: This function scales the given dimensions by their respective factors. The scaling factor is determined from an array of two elements in 'scale'. It returns these scaled
36452: This function takes two boxes as input and returns the intersection of their coordinates. If there is no overlap between them then it will return 'None'. Otherwise
36453: This function calculates the mean and variance of an array. The result is returned as two separate values in one line using Python's syntax to calculate
36454: This Python function calculates the equivalent of an integer month number in terms as per seasons. It uses modulo operation to get remainder and then adds one
36455: This function checks if the given node conditions are either 'Yes' or ‘No’. If they aren;t, it returns False and otherwise
36456: This Python script splits the source string into parts using hyphen (-), pads each part with zeros to ensure it's always 3 dig
36457: This line of the script checks if there is an entry with key 'message' that contains prefixes. If it does, then assigns its value
36458: This function checks if the first 4 characters of 'tract' match with given string. It also takes into account that last two digits in
36459: This line of the Python script returns unique coordinates from an inputted set.  It uses 'list' to convert it back into another data type,
36460: This Python function converts all the elements of an input list to lowercase using List Comprehension and builtin method "str" .low
36461: This Python function cleans the input string by replacing certain characters with nothing. It's used to remove illegal or unsafe character sequences from user inputs,
36462: This function checks the type and validity conditions before returning an object that can then used to filter data.  It raises errors when invalid inputs are given by
36463: This line of the program returns −∞, or negative infinity in floating point arithmetic as it is an invalid operation and does not produce any
36464: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into parts using "/" as separator and then joins them with "x". The result
36465: If the genomic build of package is 'Meta Recipe' then return True, else false.  [(1 point)][END S
36466: This Python function checks the type of an input 'A' to determine what kind it should return. If A has been defined as either integer or floating
36467: This function is used to get the configuration of specific models from an input dictionary. It checks if "modelIDs", which are unique identifiers,
36468: This function checks if the given 'json' object has an entry with that name. If it does, then returns its value; otherwise raises KeyError
36469: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
36470: This function calculates the total surface area of an object given its mass and material properties.  The formula used is V = pi*r^3
36471: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
36472: This function swaps the values of two variables if they are in wrong order.  It returns them as one line with an "if" condition to
36473: This function checks the file extension of an input string. If it is '.', then returns that same value as output, otherwise check whether its first character
36474: If the input 'transfomrers' isn’t an instance of List and it has no elements then return "Sample". Otherwise process each element
36475: This function checks if the list 'l' contains any nonempty elements. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there
36476: This Python script attempts writing the text into an existing file named filename using 'open' function in python with error handling mechanism and custom exception argument if any
36477: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same as it is, but with each word separated by space. If there are no characters left to
36478: This function returns the status of an object based on its shortened and open state. If it's not being used, then 'not in use
36479: This function calculates the factorial of an inputted integer using recursion. If it's less than two, returns one; otherwise computes
36480: This line of Python script creates the URL to access Tile Service tiles based on given Quad Key and API key, which is then stored in '
36481: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its JINJA template. The output is stored as .template extension on same directory
36482: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36483: This function inverts the input number 'X'. If X is zero, it raises an error. Otherwise returns one divided by that value of "
36484: This Python script converts the given RGB values into grayscale. It multiplies each of these by its corresponding value from an input list, then
36485: This function performs bitwise AND operation on the byte and shifts it to left by an amount specified in 'offset' parameter. The result is then OR
36486: This Python function calculates the Hammings distance between two strings. If they are equal it returns zero else return one or minus ones depending on whether
36487: Create two dictionaries from the input strings, separated by '-'.  The first dictionary is created using list comprehension to split each string on hyphen
36488: This function calculates the total score of an essay based on different weights given to each letter grade in English language arts, using Python programming syntax and built
36489: This Python function takes in the string 'match date' and returns it as an output. The year is extracted from 3rd to fourth position of
36490: This function calculates the score of sentiment by multiplying it with 3 and adding one. The result is then returned as an integer, which can
36491: This function calculates the slope of an equation based on two points. The formula is derived from algebra and it's used to find out how much
36492: This Python function calculates the score of two different corriding structures based on their dimensions. The scores are calculated as follows, firstly it conver
36493: This script checks if the given filename has an hDF/Hadoop Hierarchical Data Format (.hdffile), .kerna, etc
36494: If the 'context' dictionary contains an entry with key=“Request”, return that value. Else raise error stating ‘no Request’
36495: This function checks if the VIF type of an interface is not unbounded.  It returns True or False based on whether it's bound to
36496: This Python function calculates the refraction index of water at different wavelengths using an equation derived from molecular dynamics simulations, with some modifications to account specifically
36497: This function takes an integer number and pads it with zeros to the left until its length reaches 'n' digits, where n is provided as
36498: This Python script calculates the area of triangles formed by consecutive points from an input polygon. The algorithm works as follows; it iteratively processes each
36499: This line of the Python script checks if 'Distribution Name' is one among Fedor, CentOS or RedHat. If it does then
36500: This line of the given Python script rotates elements in 'road map' list. The first element becomes last and all other remain unchanged, thus creating
36501: This Python function checks whether the input number is divisible by ten hundred. If it's, then return true; otherwise false will be returned indicating
36502: If the learning rate is less than or equal to its length, it returns starting Learning Rate plus one. Otherwise - nothing happens and program continues as normal
36503: If the input "is of boolean data types", raise an error. Else return it as normal operation result – ie., do nothing or
36504: This Python function checks if the first two characters of an input string are underscores, then returns true. If not it will return false or None
36505: This function swaps the byte order of an integer. It can handle up to four different lengths, and raises exception when it encounters unsupported size
36506: Copies settings and replaces all instances of the specified paths with new ones. This function recursively goes through each setting dictionary to replace any string values
36507: If the function is called with an argument, it returns two objects. Otherwise - one object and another none are returned as default values in both cases respectively
36508: This Python function takes an input of characters and returns the same output as it does with no spaces or special symbols, but only keeps alphabets
36509: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36510: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it had been run through one of many encoding algorithms, but without any spaces or
36511: This function converts the temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit using simple math operations and returns it as output, given that all inputs
36512: This line of the given Python script is using regular expressions to replace all occurrences in "MCU". The pattern used here ("^[T
36513: This function checks if the point is within range of two points, with an optional radius. It uses absolute difference to determine distance between them in case one
36514: This function returns either the value of obs comp and progs comparison, depending on whether they are greater than equal to one respectively; otherwise it will return
36515: This Python function is used to set the number of output neurons in an artificial neural network. It also sets up and returns two variables - 'num
36516: This function returns the result of multiplying its input by ten thousand. It's an example to show how Python handles large numbers and floating point ar
36517: This Python script splits the first line of an input file into its header and extension, then checks if these two pieces match certain known extensions ("pdf
36518: This Python function calculates the number of full pages and remaining bytes in an allocated memory. It does so by firstly calculating how many times total size
36519: This Python function calculates the value of 'Expected MB' based on its input. If it is greater than 9,864 million then
36520: If the last part of 'str' is equal to "new", remove it from end, otherwise append.  This operation can be used in many
36521: If the number of columns in A is not equal to that on B, it raises an error.  This happens when trying multiplication between matrices which have
36522: If the dimensions are less than 1, return an error message. Otherwise calculate and returns product of length times width as result."  	TypeScript
36523: This Python function calculates the product of two strings and prints it. It does not return anything, but instead performs an operation on its input parameters s
36524: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'coordinates' and adds each coordinate to its corresponding position if it is new
36525: This function takes two parameters, an array of numbers and the target sum. It returns true if there exists any pair in that list whose product equals to
36526: If no GPU specified then return. Else check the type to see it'a an integer or not; else raise error message stating that 'G
36527: This Python function takes two lists as input, converts them to sets and calculates the ratio of common elements in both collections divided by total number shared
36528: This Python script sorts the keys of dictionary 'd' in ascending order based on their corresponding values, and returns one element from that list which is
36529: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with negative values and populates the same way positive ones are added to ensure no duplicates exist
36530: This script splits the author id list of each publication into individual authors using semicolon as separator and returns them all together, resulting an array
36531: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cube of that number. The result is then shifted right by one bit to remove any fractional
36532: This line of the given Python script is creating an URL from dictionary data. The formatting part creates and returns formatted string with scheme, hostname &
36533: Determines if given two segments intersects each other in 3D space."""(point[0], -segment_endpoints[-4
36534: This function returns the type of object based on its 'location' id. It has three types, item(> $$$$), station(->$
36535: This Python function checks if the input 'dict' has keys that are tuples, with each key having an associated value of another dictionary or list
36536: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by iterating over all elements 'aln' and checking whether their read length ('len(
36537: This function is used to calculate the value of an expression based on its position in relation with another variable, and it uses cubic interpolation when necessary else
36538: This function calculates the value of an object based on its position in space. The parameters are all integers, and it returns one integer result that represents
36539: This Python function calculates the mean of two lists by multiplying corresponding elements and then dividing total sums.  It uses map, lambda functions
36540: This function returns two strings, 'transaction' and ‘Balance’. It is used to get the names of transactions that can be performed on
36541: This line of the function calculates and returns half difference between current coordinate value 'coor' with maximum possible distance from origin ('maxDist'). The
36542: This function calculates the value of an interpolated line. The formula is derived from linear regression, which estimates two points and produces another point that lies
36543: This line of Python script returns the result list by multiplying each element 'x' from input sequence/list "c" with multiplier variable m
36544: This Python script splits the input string into two parts using "-" as separator and converts them to integers respectively before returning these values in tuple
36545: This line of the given Python script checks whether to use CPU or GPU. If it's set as “True”, then on 'if
36546: This Python function calculates the volume of an ellipsoid given its semi major axis and angle elevation in degrees, using trigonometric functions to
36547: This script checks the 'Alt Names' of an SAML Identity Provider. If it finds any string that contains “SXS
36548: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses while loop to repeatedly multiply and decrease until it reaches 0, then
36549: This function returns the product name based on whether or not it is 'virtuous' in its context. If true, then return cloudNetProduct
36550: This script is used to extract all the unique authored books from each publication by splitting up 'publisher' and then appending any nonempty strings
36551: This line of Python script calculates the number to be used in bins based on frequency and size. The result is rounded up, as it's
36552: This line of the script is setting up an empty variable named 'yql_query' and assigning it to none. The next two lines are
36553: If the 'commodities' object does not contain any item, return amount as string; otherwise format and display it in its original form with currency
36554: This function checks if the number is greater than or equal to 9,876. If it does then returns true else false; otherwise -
36555: This function takes two elements from the list 'terms' and returns their product.  The first element is multiplied by second one, then resultant
36556: This line of the program shifts all dialogue by an amount specified in 'offset'. The function takes two arguments - "dialog" and its corresponding value.
36557: This Python function checks the end of an id string, then modifies it based on certain conditions or rules to return new modified version in case 3
36558: This script takes inputs and attributes as input parameters from the user to generate an array of arguments that can be used with another function or method within Python'
36559: This Python script attempts to read lines from the specified filename using "try" and with statement which automatically closes files after reading is done or if an
36560: This function checks if the given string is valid as per some set of rules. The only allowed characters are digits ‘.,’ and slash
36561: If the input 'None' or not containing "\'" in it, return null; else extract and returns name of file from path string with double
36562: This Python function calculates the temperature in Celsius based on given values of height and pressure, with an offset value to account fo water vap
36563: This python script calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both lines are given as input to these variables, and
36564: This line of the function returns an updated size that is 4 pixels larger in both dimensions. The new sizes are calculated by adding two to each dimension
36565: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning an integer value between zero to one. The function min() returns minimum among three values component which can
36566: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an absolute difference between 4 values. The result is negative if one number in these four numbers are
36567: This python function calculates the dot product of two lists 'X' and another list ‘Y’ using numpy library which is equivalent to traditional
36568: This line of the function returns an ASCII character corresponding to its input. The 'ch' in "char" stands as 0th indexed
36569: This line of the program calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates are given as input parameters to function
36570: Checks if the minimum of two numbers is between their respective maximums and vice versaC.  It also checks in reverse order to ensure that it
36571: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36572: This line of the Python script is splitting each string by '/' and filtering out any empty strings resulting from that process, effectively removing all trailing sl
36573: This function returns the concatenated owner name - Project Name – Branch. It's used to generate unique identifiers in various contexts like logging
36574: This Python function splits an input string into two components based on the 'at' symbol and then replaces placeholders in it with actual values from
36575: This function returns the concatenation of fsName and mdIndex.  It is used to create file names in an organized manner that can be easily read
36576: This line of the given C++ program is returning an unsigned integer. The result depends on 'n'. If "n" equals to zero, it
36577: This Python script deletes the first and last element of list 'T' using enumeration. The function returns modified T after deleting elements at indices
36578: This function checks if the input is one character long, it also verifies whether its value appears to be punctuation.  It does not check that
36579: This function calculates the square root of x using Python's built in sqrt() method from 'math'. The result is returned as an output
36580: Checks if the first set is subset of second. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or an error message in case pattern not found/invalid
36581: This python program calculates the minimum area of rectangular boxes that can be formed from given lengths and widths. The length is twice as much than its
36582: This Python function takes in an input string and returns the first word of that sentence as well its remaining part after removing leading/trailing spaces from both
36583: Return whether the value of "h" with key 'afteroffset' is less than or equal to that in dictionary/object `s`.
36584: This function checks whether two fragments overlap. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned as the result of their overlapping condition in terms
36585: This Python script checks the file's extension and returns its type as 'CSV', ‘TSV’, or `TXT`.
36586: If the input string is empty, it returns itself. Otherwise nothing happens and simply outputs "". This function checks if an entered String has any characters in
36587: This line of the given Python script is creating or modifying an element in 'new_data' list at index specified by "singular". The
36588: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into parts based on "_", and then constructs the ID by joining these split strings with sl
36589: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36590: This Python function finds the first occurrence of ":" in an input string and returns two values; it strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each
36591: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as split but with leading/trailing whitespace removed from each word of that sentence,
36592: This function raises an error when the input is negative, and returns one of two values depending on whether or not it's zero - in which case
36593: This Python function calculates the Intersecting Area of two intervals and their Union. The result is then normalized by dividing it with either one or
36594: This Python function returns the string to be sent as an email subscription request. The id and destination are taken from headers data dictionary, which is assumed in
36595: If the 'verbosity' variable is zero, it returns number fourty. Otherwise - depending on value of `verbois` parameter in function
36596: This function checks whether every dictionary has exactly one key, and raises an error message otherwise; then it calculates average values of these unique fields across multiple
36597: This Python function checks whether the first or last character of an input string is either single quotes ('')or double quotation marks ("")and returns it
36598: This Python script attempts to access the 'edges' of each type specified, and if it fails due an exception then continues with next iteration. It
36599: If the least significant bit of 'value' is set, then it has been shifted to its right by "bit" places. This function checks whether
36600: This line of Python script returns the length/number or characters in 'records' list. It is used to count total number records present on each
36601: If the last element in list 'BOutList' is equal to number three hundred, then return length of BOUTLIST minus one. Else
36602: If the document does not exist, return an empty string and skip all other processing steps until it encounters "return". Otherwise process each nonempty/
36603: This Python script calculates the value of constant 'hbar' and converts it to units such as electron volts, kilograms or microseconds based
36604: This Python function checks whether two numbers are co prime or not. If they aren't then it raises an exception stating that the input parameters should have
36605: This Python function takes an input list, and returns the reversed version of that same array. The first element is set to be equal with second one
36606: This function calculates the interest rate and returns an updated balance after paying off any outstanding principal with annual compounding Interest Rate Calculator Code:. The formula
36607: This line of Python script returns the string without trailing comma.  It removes any commas that may be present at end or beginning in our input
36608: This Python script reads through each file name and its corresponding SHA hash from the given input string of files with their respective hashes separated by newline
36609: This line of the given Python script initializes an array 'lap' with zeros, which is then used to store lengthy calculations or computations
36610: This line of Python script returns only the offers that are less than or equal to 'actual quantity'.  It's essentially filtering out any items from
36611: This Python function checks whether the inputs are both integer numbers. If they're not it returns an error message else adds them up as per their type
36612: This Python script splits the path to an image file into its name and extension, then extracts from that last part of it which is usually used
36613: If the third element of 'dr' list, which represents distance from center to segment in radians or degrees(if available), isn’t defined
36614: This line of the program converts an integer year to its last digit. The result is then converted back into and returned as type 'int'.
36615: This line of the script creates and returns an output filename based on some input parameters. The processed directory, id number or any other variable is used to
36616: This line of the function returns all characters from 'new' added to end, but only if it is not longer than 1/3rds
36617: This function reverses the digs of an input number in two'd form and then converts it to decimal. The result is returned as Int
36618: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it were processed by another language that supports list comprehension.  It does so through
36619: This line of the given Python script is adding "Snapshot." to end part. It's used in naming snapshot files generated by SnapPy library
36620: If 'x' is less than the value of another variable, it temporarily stores its current content in one place and then replaces with that other.
36621: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The result is returned as output from another variable named 'result'.  It uses Euler'
36622: This line of the given Python script filters out all characters in "s" that are not either lowercase or upper case letters. It does so by
36623: This Python function checks if there is any winning combination on the tic_tac toe game. It uses nested loops and logical operators like OR
36624: If precision and/or the Recalls are zero, it returns 'zero', otherwise return an expression that calculates two times of Precision multiplied
36625: This Python function calculates the variance of an input number 'w' which is assumed to have been checked. If it isn’t positive or not
36626: If the object's literal is empty, return an error message. Otherwise do nothing and then end with some text followed by variable name in parenthes
36627: This Python function calculates the average of two radii and returns them. The first value is calculated as halfway between 'apocrus' radius
36628: Returns the first n elements from list 'xs'.  The '-' operator is used to slice off last "x" number of items. This function
36629: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36630: This Python script maps fields from one dictionary to another using the provided mapping and returns an updated version of that same dictionaries with mapped values instead if they
36631: This line of Python script calculates the remaining unit after completing certain percentage in given amount(`percentage complete is ‘x’ and `total
36632: This Python function converts the given number of hours into days and remaining parts. It does so by taking modulo operation with respect to each unit in
36633: If the input 'X' has type "list" with size equal to given number of times then return X else raise an error stating that when passing
36634: If the number of bits in 'int' is greater than or equal to zero, return it as an integer. Otherwise (-1 * powerOfTwo
36635: If the PDB chain ID isn’t defined, it returns ‘–. Otherwise，it just outputs that value as given by 'pdb
36636: If the value in 'column' is greater than 0, it returns green. Otherwise - red color based on condition statement."  (END
36637: This Python script creates an URL with the given parameters and returns it as output." ---> Code Summary - End <----   }}}}}}
36638: This function checks if the given point is within or on an edge of bounding box.  The input parameters are longitude and Latitudes in degrees
36639: A function that prints the input 'num' and starts with an initial value of 0, then repeatedly increases by one until it squares to be greater
36640: This function takes as input the list of feature names and returns an array with each element being another nested structure where every inner lists is created by applying '
36641: This line of the script checks whether there are any configuration settings in 'Config' dictionary. If not it returns False and an error message saying that partition
36642: If the 'None' value exists on an Edge object it will return all possible combinations of indices and values from two lists. Otherwise just returns original list
36643: This Python function checks whether the input list contains only integer elements. If it does contain an element that's different from its type or length isn’
36644: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36645: Replace all non ASCII characters with underscores in the string.  This is done using regular expression to find and substitute any character that falls
36646: This line of the function calculates and returns how much 'x' has changed from its original value. It is used to measure changes in variables or
36647: This Python function checks if two intervals overlap. If they do not overlaps then it returns zero else depending on the order of their start points or end
36648: A dictionary that maps integers to colors. The keys are the integer values and their corresponding value is one of four predefined strings representing different types or
36649: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36650: This Python function returns either 'return value' depending on the comparison between two numbers. If `a` is greater than another number, it will return
36651: This line of Python script creates an identifier by combining the string 'gw' with another variable, `r` and replaces all colons in
36652: This Python script calculates the accuracy of binary classification. It uses one hot encoding to convert categorical variables into numerical form and then computes precision/
36653: This Python function calculates the score of holes and sizes based on their area, which is then multiplied together to get final resultant output."}
36654: If the range of x is zero, return an average value. Otherwise calculate and then returns halfway between min & max values in given list or array
36655: If the variable 'f' is not None, then append '_'. Otherwise just returns its value.  The function will be used to create unique ident
36656: If the number of open brackets, close parentheses and load balancer are nonzero. Return 'not' followed by whether it’s
36657: This Python function takes in an aggregation object and returns the corresponding dictionary of parameters to be used with Elasticsearch's Histograms API,
36658: Code splits the input string into an array of strings based on brackets type; if there are any empty or non matching pairs found it returns false
36659: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the result of applying three operations to it. The first operation is simply multiplying by 'three',
36660: This function takes an identifier and returns the sentence id part of it, removing any leading underscores or hyphens that may be present in front depending
36661: If the input 'tags' variable does not exist, it returns an empty dictionary. Otherwise，it transforms and return each tag as key/value
36662: This Python function calculates the intersection of two lines in 3D space. The input is list pts which contains tuples representing points on
36663: "Returns the input string as is"  # Add your own description here. If it's not clear, you can remove or add more details
36664: Creates dictionaries to model the rates of different biological processes in RNAs and proteins using Lactobacillus lacticius genome
36665: This script splits the string "authors" into individual names, then extracts only their surnames ("and"). The result is stored as
36666: This Python function takes an input string, and replaces all tabs (\	t )and line breaks ("\ n") with nothing. It does not modify
36667: A function that takes an array of dictionaries and returns the dictionary with keys as unique values from each subarray.  The value associated to these key
36668: This function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It converts all characters to lowercase and strips out any spaces, then comp
36669: This script is used to replace the location names with their corresponding ones from 'data' dictionary. It iterates over each item of processes, then within
36670: This function returns the session type and attributes of an object.  It takes in six parameters - 'Session', "Type",'Rep Capacity','
36671: This function returns the time value based on an input 'etime' in minutes. It has conditions to return different values depending upon how long it takes from
36672: This Python script opens the specified .txt dataset and attempts to read it row by column into memory using list comprehension with split function of python's
36673: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36674: This line of the function checks if all elements from 'pattern' list are present within given message. If yes then it returns True else False or None
36675: This function finds the start time of an event that has not been started yet, given two haps. If both have same starting times and they are
36676: This function calculates the acceleration of an object given its initial velocity and distance travelled, using polynomial regression to model it as being accelerated in different
36677: This function is categorizing the sentiment of text based on its difference from neutral. It returns one outof four categories depending upon how much different it'
36678: If the variable 'is_liveCD' evaluates to True, return an HTTP URL that points directly at localhost. Otherwise it returns another http url
36679: This Python function calculates the index of an element based on its position within another array. The elements are multiplied by their respective positions and summed
36680: This function returns the result of adding one to its input and taking modulo four. It is used in some algorithms that require periodic repetition or wrap
36681: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36682: This function replaces certain patterns in the input string based on its ending with different suffixes and returns it as output if no match is found, else
36683: This Python function takes in an input string of numbers separated by commas and attempts to convert each number into float before returning the result as List or return
36684: This function calculates the Relative Strength Index and Bollinger Band Indicator values. It takes as input two parameters - 'Close'
36685: This function calculates the amount of pelage based on two parameters, 't' and its fractional part ('fraction'). The first parameter is
36686: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the items of 'input\_dictionary' adding each item to another new one with its
36687: This function checks whether the device name starts with "/dev/" and ends in "nvmef". If true, it returns 'True', otherwise -
36688: This function tries to return an object, if it's not possible or throws exception then returns 'None'.  It is used in the context of
36689: This function returns the number of digits in n. It does so by converting 'int' to string and then getting its length which is also known
36690: This function converts time in hours, minutes and seconds to milliseconds. It multiplies the given values by their respective units of measure before adding
36691: Checks whether the given 'SubNet ID' exists in our list of available SubNeta. If it does exist then returns true else false and
36692: This Python script removes the trailing slash from URLs if they exist, and adds it back in at start of paths that do end with "/
36693: This Python function generates the content of each rule from 'bags' list. The rules are represented as dictionaries with keys and values that represent bags
36694: This Python function generates an indentation string of n tabs. It uses the "+= operator".  The result is stored as 'string'.
36695: Returns the value of "_confg" from dictionary "pay req". If it exists, deletes that key and returns updated dict. Otherwise return original
36696: This function checks if the three inputs are equal, then returns one of them. If they're not all same it adds up their values to return
36697: This function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It does so by adding up each element and then dividing that total with
36698: If no relationships are defined then return none. Otherwise check the type of each definition and continue only when it matches with provided name/endpoint pair else
36699: This function generates the neighbors of each cell on an mxn grid map using four possible directions from current position 'node'. The result is stored as
36700: This Python function calculates the difference between two rows in an array, then divides that by sqrt of summation to normalize it and return
36701: This Python script converts each group of results into tuples and appends them to the 'results' list, which is then returned by function
36702: This function calculates the ratio of efl to psf sample, which is then divided by number or 'samples' in order calculate efficiency.
36703: This line of Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the string 'astring'. The result is stored in variable "s".  It
36704: This Python function calculates the number of bytes needed to store an integer in binary format. It takes into account that integers are stored using 8 bits
36705: This Python function converts the input 'str' type into an integer and then calculates out how many of each unit are there. It does so
36706: This Python function implements the bitwise shift operation. It repeatedly divides by 2 until it becomes less than or equal to one, then returns an
36707: This Python script removes the keys with value 'None' from dictionary `output` and returns it as new dict named "result".  It does not
36708: This script checks if the last design has been completed and whether it is resource intensive. If either of these conditions are met, then return true;
36709: This Python function calculates the normalized value of an input 'value' v by subtracting its average and then scaling it to fit within certain parameters defined
36710: This velocity is used to control how fast an object moves along its path, and it's also affected by gravity on objects that have mass or are
36711: Checks whether the entered tag variable type matches with "String" or no. If it doesn't match, then an appropriate message will be displayed
36712: This python function performs the complex multiplication operation. It takes two arguments, multiplies them together and then subtracts one from another to return real part
36713: This Python script calculates the average of two consecutive data points from an input list. The calculation is done by adding up halfway between these values and
36714: This Python function replaces all occurrences of "//"/"" in the string with either '/' or '' depending on whether it is at start
36715: This function swaps the start and end of an interval. If 'start' is greater than or equal to ‘end’ it returns reversed
36716: This Python function calculates the center of an object in image processing. The input is bounding box coordinates and it returns these values as tuples
36717: This Python script copies the contents of one dictionary to another and then deletes some keys from it using list comprehension with if statement inside loop over all
36718: This Python function calculates the coefficients of linear regression. The coefficient 'alpha' is calculated as square root(mean^square/variance). Co
36719: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36720: If the 'Payments' table has any rows with nones, it will iterates over each of their gateway names and assigns them to "
36721: If the secret is less than 6 characters, it returns False. Otherwise - True; otherwise an error occurs and function ends with returning None or throws
36722: This function calculates the number of pixels in each dimension based on an input pixel size. The result is then returned as two integers representing these dimensions and
36723: This function takes in an array of 8 elements, representing the dimensions and positions or coordinates. The first two numbers are used to create another rectangle with
36724: 3 Commands available in Messaging Bot. <i style='color:#FF0F81;fontWeight:'bold';textDec
36725: If the 'part' is present as an element of "build parts" list, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns either way depending on
36726: If the number of diploids is greater than or equal to 'pl', then return that value. Else check whether it's less and calculate
36727: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36728: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It first finds out which number is smaller and then compares it with both other parameters to find larger one
36729: This Python script checks the current directory and its subdirectories to find all .met* file names, parses them as integers using their base name
36730: This Python script calculates the "grid" or 'rack' id of each cell in an array and then computes its corresponding Power Level.
36731: If the 'CardSet' object exists, it will be added to our string. Otherwise nothing happens and an empty resultant output ('') would appear
36732: This function calculates the total difference between maximum and minimum values of each sublist within 'data'. The result is then returned as an integer.
36733: This script calculates the average speed and angle of two tracks. The formula used is based on their widths to calculate an approximate distance travelled per
36734: This script generates the bounding box of points. The input is list 'allPoints' which contains tuples with two elements each representing coordinates on
36735: This function calculates the average of two numbers, where one number is half and another double that value to account both halves' values in calculation process
36736: If the number of bit representation is greater than or equal to that required by 'len' and also less then one, return true. Otherwise false will
36737: This Python script is used to find the shortest common string between two routes. The function takes as input an array of strings and returns one single output
36738: This function calculates the day of week given an offset from January. The month is considered as starting on Monday, and it wraps around to Sunday
36739: This Python script increments each element of the given list by 1. The result is returned as an output, which can be used to perform further
36740: This function takes two parameters, hour and minute. It returns the total minutes since midnight by adding up both inputs together in one line of Python scripting
36741: This script splits the sentences into individual word lists in Python using split() function with space as delimiter, then compares these two list of
36742: If the current 'index' is greater than or equal to given "limit", it returns milliseconds divided by one thousand, else return zero.
36743: This Python function replaces underscores and spaces with hyphens in the given string, then returns it as output – one line of pythonic
36744: This function returns the color based on an input date. If it's DATE 0, return red; otherwise check other dates and give them
36745: This function checks whether the input 'VOCAB' variable has been correctly defined as dictionary with two elements each of which are strings or fields respectively?
36746: This line of Python script converts energy from BTUs to Joules. The conversion factor is set at the time it's created, so
36747: This function uses the `isInstance` method to check whether an input 'Key' variable can be considered as string or not and then it either fet
36748: This Python function checks if the given number is in an arithmetic progression. It starts with ‘x’ and adds each successive integer to
36749: This Python function calculates the “Medium” value of an array 'x' and its uncertainty in terms. It first finds out two values
36750: A dictionary of comparison operators and their corresponding Pythonic equivalents is created in one line using the dict comprehension syntax with an if condition to handle special
36751: Returns the string representation of an object, but if it'll be too long to display in one line then cuts off at '...'. If not
36752: Checks if the current user has access to every scope listed. If not, it returns False; otherwise True – checks whether each element of '
36753: This Python function merges the given attributes with default values. The 'merge' operation is performed on dictionaries in python and it takes two parameters -
36754: This function returns the first pair of values that are within an interval. If no such pairs exist it will return with 'None' as second element and
36755: This line of the given Python script calculates heat transfer coefficient using specific values. The result is then used to calculate energy density in an object with temperature
36756: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers.  It's named "calculation" because it does that thing, but I don’t
36757: This script retrieves the DPDK socket memory from each NUMA Node and returns them as list of unique values, which is then sorting
36758: If the lengths of part 3 and complete are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking other conditions in else block..   [END]
36759: This Python function splits the input string by tab character and returns third element of split list, or second one in case it'll be less than
36760: This Python function reverses the sequence of DNA bases. It takes as input an RNA string and returns its complementary strand by swapping A
36761: This Python function maps the input 'datatype' to its corresponding abbreviated form. If an unrecognized dataype is provided, it
36762: Checks if the given string starts with '///' and is longer than 3 characters. If so it returns true; otherwise false or an empty
36763: This Python script calculates the normalized data. The minimum value of 'm' is found, and then maximum values are calculated from input list "X
36764: This Python script checks whether the current file is part of an App Engine project, or one that has been type checked with TypeChecker by adding mon
36765: This function returns the file, sent_id from an SQLite database. It also takes eiID as input and retrieves corresponding values in another
36766: If the first input is 1, return 'Thin'. Else check whether it's less than five. Return either Thick/O
36767: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result,
36768: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the list of strings 'strides', adding each string'ss to its corresponding key within
36769: This Python script reads the file, splits it into lines and returns them as list of characters per each new string created from splitting by "\r\
36770: This Python script attempts to parse an object `json`, but if the input is not in JSON format or does start with 'ISO', it will
36771: This script is used by users of an app that allows them schedule messages on bus stops, with specific codes and times available based off real world clock data
36772: This Python function returns the alert level corresponding to given tag in dictionary format and if not found it will return an empty string as default value – A
36773: This line of Python script returns the first decimal place value from an input number.  It uses string formatting to round off and display only one digit
36774: This function checks the 'Image' object to see if it is in an active, pending delete or queuing state and returns true/false accordingly based
36775: This Python script converts the dictionary 'cassandra params' into another one, replacing any null values with default ones and returning it as config format on
36776: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'lst' and appends tuples to it with each element of
36777: This Python function calculates the closest point to an average vector from another list of vectors. The distance is calculated as Euclidean norm, and it keeps
36778: This script is used to extract the name of one directory level up from bed file path and return it as 'tool' along with its corresponding filename in
36779: Code extract fields from an Event dictionary and store them as key/value pairs within the 'Fields' object. If field value isn’t list or
36780: This python function takes an input string of the form "parameter=actualSpeed" and returns its corresponding parameter's converted Speed as per given conditions,
36781: This function reads an input string, splits it into lines using the newline character ('\\r' or '\' +'\b'), and then
36782: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The values are multiplied by 4 times and then divided, resulting from which it is returned
36783: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36784: This Python function formats the input based on its type and content using recursion or iteration depending upon whether it's string/integer etc., as well
36785: This function returns -(-(pow((double)(3), n))). It is an example of bitwise operations. The ^ operator in C++
36786: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the transpose matrix by flipping each row to column order using list comprehension within
36787: This function filters the arguments of an object based on its type. It returns only those that are instances or subclasses from given class, and also accepts
36788: Code checks if certain file extensions are present in the given directory. If any of them is found, it returns true; otherwise false or an error message
36789: This Python function converts the input string "motif" into an equivalent one where all instances of X and x are replaced with ., while keeping
36790: This function returns four objects. The first two are the same as in input and third is an empty string ("") while fourth object has been created from
36791: This line of the Python script checks if all keys in 'record' are exactly equal to those specified ("key","doc_cou..., and size
36792: This Python function calculates the value of y given an input 'x' and returns it. The formula used is simple linear regression where we multiply
36793: This line of the given Python function returns k+a modulo with an arbitrary number, which is always less than or equal to 'modulus'
36794: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
36795: This Python function checks the given string and returns an appropriate response. It handles three different cases based on its input, returning either 'value' itself or
36796: This function returns the result of adding 'times' to index and taking modulus with respect its size. It is used in various algorithms like Rabin
36797: This Python script calculates the value of 1 astronomical unit in terms on Earth's mass, given that one Astronaut is approximately
36798: This line of the Python function checks if temperature difference between current and initial value is greater than or equal to one. If it's true, then
36799: This Python function checks whether the value of 'v' is greater than or equal to ‘zero’, and then performs an operation based on that
36800: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the 'domains' list. The keys of each entry are unique ident
36801: This Python script merges multiple dictionaries into one. It uses the dictionary unpacking feature to merge configurations from different sources and then returns it as single
36802: This Python function calculates the CRC checksum of an input. It takes two parameters, 'data' and "polynomial". The polynomial
36803: This function returns the integer value of brightness multiplied by two fifty five. It's used to convert human readable color values into an equivalent number
36804: This Python function replaces the last comma, space or newline in each line of text with '}' and then changes all occurrences after that
36805: This Python script defines the function "process_data" that takes an optional argument 'reduce' and returns steps to be executed in MapReduc
36806: If the user is not found, it returns an error message. Otherwise return their email address or empty string otherwise – based on whether they are using
36807: This Python function calculates the leading and trailing values of an integer. The calculation is done by dividing it with another number which in our case
36808: This line of the program is checking whether or not it's currently at color space RGB. If so then all colors are multiplied by two to
36809: This Python script splits the input line into individual locations, then creates dictionaries with plate and well information from each split piece of data using dictionary comprehens
36810: This Python function returns the likelihood of an event based on its 'score'. The scores range from 1 to -infinity, with higher values
36811: This line of the script splits each string in 'See Also' into separate lines, then breaks out from loop when it encounters that specific phrase
36812: This Python function checks if the 'friendliness' attribute exists, then looks up its value from an associated dictionary. If it does exist as key of
36813: This line of the given Python script is setting up an empty dictionary called 'kwargs' and then assigning it to be used as keyword arguments in another
36814: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
36815: This Python function converts hexadecimal numbers to binary. It does so by iterating over each character of the string "input", converting it
36816: This function checks if the given coordinates are within an ellipse defined by two points. The first point is at ero's origin with x
36817: Creates and returns an empty dictionary with the specified key/value pairs.  The 'body' variable is used to store data that will be sent
36818: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'N'. The calculation is done by multiplying all positive integers less than or equal to
36819: If the function is called with an empty string as either of its parameters it returns false alongwith error message. Otherwise return true without any errors messages being
36820: Checks if the current input string ends with "new." followed by one or more word characters.  It does so using regular expressions in Python'
36821: This line of the script reads in data from "profb.nc" file and returns it as list with one element, which is 'files'
36822: This line of the Python script removes all occurrences in "host" and/or port string that are either ':' or space from both ends
36823: This function checks whether the difference between two points is within an acceptable range. If it's less than or equal to positive wiggliness,
36824: Code that creates an index in Elasticsearch using the provided configuration.  It then returns whether or not it was successful, along with any error messages
36825: This function scans through the list of tuples and checks if an element with specific value exists. If it does, 'True' will be
36826: This Python script splits the string "s" on "/", and then returns whether or not it starts with 'hab'. The result is returned as
36827: This Python function splits the input string by "%", if there are no components, it raises an error with appropriate message and returns them as list of
36828: This Python function calculates the Manhattan distance between two points. It takes as input coordinates of 1 point and another one to calculate their distances from
36829: This Python function takes an input string and returns the number of distinct word in it, or zero if any error occurs during execution eith 'Attribute Error
36830: This function checks whether the value of 'variable' is within specified range. If it falls in between, return zero; otherwise raise an error with specific
36831: This Python function opens the file with name 'filename' in append mode and tries to write into it. If successful then prints out `str` otherwise
36832: If the input values are negative or greater than 'n', it returns zero. Otherwise, calculates and outputs Fibonacci sequence up to
36833: This Python function checks the value of 'task['world_name']' and assigns it to either an inner or outer planetary system. If
36834: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
36835: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' `is` of type either "list" or “TUPLE”. If it’
36836: This line of the given C++ program checks if an integer is odd. It shifts right by 'offset' bits and then performs bitwise AND operation
36837: If the length of 'word' is greater than or equal to that in `length`, it returns word. Otherwise truncates and appends "
36838: If the input variable 's' isn’t defined, return nothing. Else do something with it and then end by returning that value back to
36839: This function calculates the number of combinations between two time series. It's equivalent to calculating permutations in combinatorics, but it only counts
36840: This script checks the first word of each input file to determine whether it's 'Training', or something similar. If so, returns string `
36841: This line of the Python function returns energy consumption in kilowatts per hour, which is converted to megawatt hours by multiplying it
36842: This Python script opens the specified filename and counts its lines. If an error occurs during opening or reading from disk it prints "File not found" message
36843: This line of the given Python script reverses an array. It then multiplies each element by its own value, resulting into 0 if no elements
36844: This script deletes the "initiativ" key from every item within list 'braw' and then returns modified version of that.  It
36845: This function checks whether two numbers are equal or not. If they're the same it returns zero; otherwise depending on which number is smaller than other
36846: This Python function tries to return num replicates in synchrony, if it fails then raises an error message indicating that there is no such attribute or method
36847: This script is used to extract the names of all unique node's 'edge'. The resultant list contains these edge nodes’ name which are then
36848: This script checks the type of 'Field' to determine whether it should be converted into either Date, DateTime or Geo. If Field is already one these
36849: This function checks the data type of an input. If it's float, then returns 'CL Floating Point Number'.  [...]   else
36850: This function returns the part of string 's' that is between two non whitespace characters in it, if such character exists otherwise None will be returned
36851: This is an example of nested conditional statements. The first condition checks whether the value in variable 'X' less than 1, and it does not
36852: If the environment variable SPECS\_ FILE SUF\-X is set, use its value as suffix; otherwise default to ' specs'. The file
36853: This Python function checks if the first argument, 's', exists and returns it. If not found then defaults to returning second arguement,'/
36854: This Python function calculates the drying temperature based on given parameters, as described in equation(3). The formula is derived from equations provided by Dr
36855: This Python script creates the necessary header dictionary to be used in HTTP requests. The authorisation token is included as part of it, and then returned by
36856: This Python script generates two lists. The first list is the result of multiplying each number 'y' from one to ```range``` and div
36857: This Python function checks whether the last character of 'slash', which is either ‘/’ or not, and modifies it accordingly. If both
36858: This line of Python script returns all the elements from 'names' list that contain string '_yache_'.  It is used to filter out any
36859: This Python script converts an input string to milliseconds. It takes into account the units of time ('seconds', minutes ', hours' and days
36860: Returns the cell id, report type and its unique identifier. – Code snippet to extract these three elements from an element dictionary in Python using
36861: Checks whether the action is present within policies of IAM service, returns false otherwise – Code snippet to be used as reference only and
36862: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. The function takes in one parameter, 'num', and returns its corresponding
36863: If the input 'configuration parameter' object has type dictionary then it checks whether there exists an entry with key named ‘acrErA’. It
36864: This function returns the extension of an input file name. If it's .Mp[ue|U] then return "MP", else,
36865: This Python function is used to convert the string representation of an array into its equivalent type. It uses nested loops and conditional statements, which are all part
36866: This Python function calculates the value of 'p' based on given parameters. The formula is derived from an equation and it uses some variables to calculate
36867: This function calculates the number of times P is divisible by k. It then adds 1 to that result, as we are counting from one
36868: This function checks if the first character of `symbol` is an opening bracket ('[]') or not. If it does, then returns True;
36869: This python function takes an array of text and replaces each term with its corresponding shortened form from the dictionary provided, but only on terms that are
36870: This line of the given Python script checks if certain conditions are met in order to proceed with further operations. The first condition ensures that there's at
36871: This line of Python script converts the time in seconds to milliseconds. It multiplies by ten million and rounds off, effectively converting from micro
36872: This Python script adds an equal sign ("+") to the string 'this thing', then appends another character ('A'), returns it as well;
36873: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36874: If the length of 'r' is exactly equal to ten, then it calculates and returns an expression that represents some complex number. The value returned
36875: This piece of Python script tries to return the primary key from an instance, if it fails then returns 'None'.  It's used in D
36876: If the variable 'call' is function, then execute it. Else return value of that varible "value".  This line checks whether or
36877: This function checks whether the input 'x' is either an element from ['A', ‘C’], or it raises and error when its value
36878: This line of the given Python script returns an empty string. The function is supposed to join all elements in list "i" into one single, non
36879: This program scans through the given 3D array and marks all land cells as 'notLand' if they are part of an island. It
36880: This function checks if the number of unique elements in 'Tiles' is 0, less than or equal to one and more that two. If
36881: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
36882: This Python function returns True if the variables 'a' and 'b', which are compared in order, all satisfy conditions. The first condition is that
36883: This line of Python script calculates the average temperature in degrees Celsius by multiplying and dividing two numbers, returning one result which is then
36884: This line of the given Python script checks whether in input variable 'is instance' returns False. If it does then convert that value to be an actual
36885: This line of Python function calculates the result as per given formula. The input is taken from 'xy' list and then it subtracts first
36886: This function checks whether the number n is divisible by any integer less than itself. If it's not then returns false; otherwise return true and
36887: This is an implementation of the Fibonacci sequence using Python. It starts with two initial values, and each subsequent number in series adds up
36888: This Python script splits the string 's' into its constituent terms, then it iterates over these and checks if each term matches with an
36889: This function checks if the given string starts with specified 'prefix'. If it does, then returns true. Otherwise false is returned and execution stops immediately because
36890: This function calculates the minimum of two values. If one value is greater than 'tout', it returns another time stamp and flags indicating whether or
36891: This Python script calculates the average position of an object within its given 'shapes' list. The variables ```X``` and ``Y''
36892: This Python script creates keyword arguments based on the input 'sections'. It sets specific keywords to true or false depending upon which sections are being processed. The
36893: If the 'Lag' is less than 0, it returns an absolute value of Lag. Else if not then just prints out as per
36894: This Python function checks whether the index 'i' is even or not. If it’s an odd number, then return value of `x`
36895: "Prints 'In Awe' and returns the inputted Data"  Code explanation/details not provided. Please provide more details if possible,
36896: This script will split the input string into lines, and then filter out those that start with "Make" using list comprehension combined directly within one l
36897: This function returns the string enclosed in double quotes.  It's used to escape special characters and spaces within strings that might be part of an
36898: This line of the script creates an empty list named 'non_basemaps'. It's used to store layers that are not baselay
36899: If the input is not within specified minimum and maximum values, raise an error.  Otherwise return true/false based on whether it's in between
36900: This Python script calculates the dimensions of two matrices based on an input number 'ratio' and total nodes in matrix A or B respectively using floor division
36901: This function calculates the sum of all elements within an inputted integer or float. If it encounters another data type such as string and lists then
36902: This Python script splits two strings on the 'dot' character and compares them element by elements to return an integer value indicating whether they are equal
36903: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the 'values' list. The keys are set to be equal of "key
36904: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is empty. If it isn’t, then return “else”; otherwise returns nothing or
36905: This function returns the string representation of language and pagination. ...   # TODO add more details about what it does here ...    }"
36906: This Python script takes an input string 'name' and returns two lists - one with the parts of that names split by dots but it also checks if
36907: If the 'record' dictionary has an entry with key of permissions that starts as all_ then return true. Else, false is returned –
36908: This script calculates the number of hetero and homerozigous, nonphasing etc. variants in an input VCF file using Python
36909: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains the character "/". If so, split by that delimiter to get last part of filename
36910: If the "package control settings[' remove orphaned'] is True, it will not be able and return false. Otherwise - print that its already
36911: This python script is creating an empty dictionary and then populating it with data from the given JSON map. The resulting dictionaries are merged recursively using
36912: This program checks the user's name and respond accordingly. If 'login==“John”’, it will say ‘Hello My Love'.
36913: This Python function calculates the value of 'n' and returns it. The calculation is based on subtracting one from an input number, then taking
36914: Returns the value of "favorite" dictionary's key named 'post'.  It is used to get post from user input. This function
36915: Checks the object's data/class and returns its 'objectType'.  For example, if you pass an integer to it as "1
36916: If the first parameter, 'h' or "height" of an object isn’t provided then it will return its second argument. Else where
36917: This Python function takes an input 'containter id' and returns the same if it is less than or equal to 9 characters, otherwise truncates
36918: This Python function checks whether the input value 'T' is less than or equal to some threshold, and returns that same number in both cases. If
36919: This Python function counts the number of times that one value is less than another, and then divides by total length to get ratio between two values which
36920: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
36921: This Python script is used to filter the ABI based on type of transaction and return only those transactions that match with given 'typ'.  The function
36922: This Python function returns the floor of each input number, then concatenates them together with '~' in between.  The result is always an integer
36923: This Python function converts two strings to lowercase and compares them lexicographically, returning an integer indicating the comparison result (- if 'a
36924: Sorts the messages by their timestamp. This is an example of how to sort list in python using lambda function and builtin 's
36925: Code: resolvers_dict, which is used to store the resolutions of different devices in pixels per inch and their corresponding display modes as strings."""
36926: Create dictionary with keys as Cvss and Vrr scores.  Code is used to parse CVS Scores from the given string which has
36927: This Python script splits the string into individual word and returns length of last element in list, or zero when there are no elements left to return as
36928: If total ranks are odd number then throw an exception. Otherwise continue with the rest of script/code block as normal.."   }}}}}}`
36929: This function converts the input string into lowercase if it's an URL, and returns its original form otherwise with some additional functionality like prefixing
36930: This Python function checks whether the input string is equal to "bracket" and returns True or False. If it's not, then prints '
36931: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
36932: This Python script checks the file extension of an inputted string and returns true if it's one among .JPG, ‘’ or p
36933: This line of the Python script converts all spaces in an input string to uppercase. It is used as part or preprocessing step before further processing
36934: A dictionary that maps the type of scheduling to its corresponding string representation in terms if it's used within an application or scripting environment where different types
36935: This Python script splits the string 'info'. If it finds an hyphen, split at two points and take second part of result; otherwise return
36936: This Python function is used to filter the list of releases based on whether they are present as sources by users or not, and returns only those that do
36937: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
36938: This function sorts the result list in descending order based on "Price" field.  It uses lambda to specify sorting criteria and returns it
36939: This script generates CSV files from the given list of tuples and writes them to an output file with each tuple being converted into string format before
36940: This function checks the type of 'Kernel Size' and applies different padding based on its value. If it’s an integer then only half that amount
36941: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
36942: If the key 'rel' is found within dictionary, return its value under subkey named relativistic. Else returns zero as default output when
36943: This Python function returns the reverse of an inputted sequence. If 'strands' is set to '-1', it will return reversed order from
36944: This Python function splits the input string by "[" and returns second part of it.  It's used to get nicknames from user inputs
36945: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It uses Python's built in 'max()'. 1 line solution using one statement only if both
36946: Code is used to get the field values from an object. It's called "getField" and it takes two parameters, one being 'obj
36947: This Python function takes two dictionaries as input and merges them into one dictionary using the second's keys from first dict only if they are present
36948: This function returns the samplrate in Hz. It is used to set up and configure audio processing pipelines, such as those that use libros
36949: This Python function creates an empty list with m rows and n columns, where each element is ‘[ ]’ which represents the zero value of type
36950: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
36951: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with 'value' and doubles it in each iteration until its double exceeds zero, then
36952: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
36953: This script is used to generate the URL of an SBI webpage based on its unique identifier sbi_code, which can be any string or
36954: This script splits the output of 'cmd' command into separate strings, checks if each string starts with "True", and returns true or false accordingly
36955: This line of the program calculates and returns an average duration time.  It's used to calculate how much longer one is expected from being exposed
36956: This Python function calculates the direction of travel between two geographic coordinates using Haversine formula and then converts it to degrees from radian form
36957: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' `o` can be considered as an integer or boolean value that equals to true in python language by
36958: {}, Detail:" . format("High") if int(evt['Severity']) > 1 else output + ("Low\ndet
36959: This Python function checks if an element exists within the list. If it does exist then returns that value else return 'None'.  The time complexity of
36960: If the rectangle 'r' is within another rectangles/quadrilaterals named as "Q" then return true. Else false or nothing
36961: This function calculates the left and right boundaries of an array based on its sider length. If it'll go out from boundary then return zero
36962: 如果metadata中不存在该键，则返回“Null”。否则（val != 'NULL'或None等非空
36963: A dictionary is created from the list of unique elements. The keys are set to be equal with each element, and their values all remain as 'True
36964: This function maps the given key to its corresponding value from an input dictionary. If it doesn't exist then returns None or throws exception depending on implementation
36965: This Python function replaces all 'at' symbols with the word AT, but only when it is found at start of an emai address and
36966: This Python script attempts to split the input into individual values using commas as separators and raises an error if it encounters any non-"string"
36967: This function checks whether the first character of string is either an underscore, lowercase or uppercase letter. If it'is not one then returns
36968: This Python script checks whether the input string 'empty' or an instance of nonstr type and returns either original value/string itself in both cases;
36969: This function checks if the object x is callable. If it's an instance of tuple and does have method `__call__( )` then
36970: This Python function uses list comprehension to filter out elements from 'data' that do NOT have an attribute named by "attribute". If such element is
36971: This Python function converts HTML tags into their corresponding XML equivalent. It uses the concept of stack to keep track if there are open or close angle br
36972: This python function calculates the new size of an image based on its original dimensions and aspect ratio. It then returns rounded value to nearest integer as output
36973: This function checks if the first word of input is 'SELECT' or starts with an optional prefix ('INSERT'). If it does then returns corresponding types and
36974: This Python function takes in the string "v" and splits it into two parts based on either plus or minus sign. It then returns one of
36975: This function checks if every character of the input sequence is either an A, C or G ,or T. If not it returns False else True
36976: This function checks whether the string 's' is either equal to “CIS”, which means it’ll be used in CIS mode
36977: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method then splits that into individual word strings
36978: This function checks if an object is truthy. If the given argument exists, it returns 'True'. Otherwise,'False' will be returned as output
36979: This function generates the coordinates of regions in an image based on given parameters. The size and positioning are defined by 'coordinates' variable which is
36980: Generates an array of file paths based on the input list 'names'. The output is generated by using string formatting to create each path, and
36981: This script filters the images based on their label and coordinates within an image dataset using Python's list comprehension feature to create three lists of files names
36982: Checks if the input is an integer or not. If it's either, then returns True; otherwise -> return false – Code:
36983: If any of the input variables are not defined, it assigns an empty string to them. Otherwise creates URI based on account/contact and object parameters
36984: This Python function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. It returns one when 'n' is either equal to zero/
36985: This Python script calculates the area of triangles formed by points from an input list, where each point is represented as [x_coord ,
36986: This Python function is used to find the 'unknown' value from an array of results. It uses two loops, one inside another and checks if there
36987: This Python function calculates the average of all values 'G' that are present at each node from list "result" and returns it.  It
36988: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates from given list of tuples. The range is increased by +/- two to ensure
36989: This Python script is used to split the input string into lines and then removes any empty strings from these line breaks, resulting an output with no trailing
36990: This Python function takes as input an array of DNA sequences and returns the same data but wrapped into lists with length equal to 'wrap' parameter value in
36991: This Python script is designed to generate the output file name based on input parameters, which includes checking if an existing filename ends with .txt or any other
36992: If the key 'EYR' is missing from PassPort, return false. Otherwise check that EYI value length equals to four characters long;
36993: This function converts an object dictionary to another one by recursively converting nested objects into their equivalent Python data structures if necessary and then returning the new structure
36994: This Python function checks whether the given column labels are valid or invalid based on certain conditions; it raises an error when they're found to be incorrect
36995: This function takes an integer as input and returns the absolute value of that number. It's used to ensure numbers are always positive, regardless if they
36996: This Python function calculates the average of all elements in an input list. The first and last element are added together, then it multiplies by '
36997: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with versions from the given list of strings, where each string is expected to be formatted as '
36998: This Python script attempts to read from the specified filename using an `open` function with error handling mechanism provided by exception handlers within loops that iterates
36999: Updates the 'clusters' field of each dictionary within "updatedJObS". If it finds an entry with that same key, assign
37000: This function checks whether the input 'Block' object contains lists of other blocks or just one Block instance; If it does contain only Blocks then returns
37001: This line of the given Python script adds an integer conversion from x to 'result'. The resulting value is then returned. – [Your Name]
37002: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" or not. If it does then return its elements as lists else just
37003: This Python function checks whether the input values of 'k' and/or "return" are within valid range. If they do not meet these conditions
37004: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the keys from 'indic' as values to their corresponding original indices or "keys". The
37005: Returns the value of val at index idx. The result is an Int30 type, which means it will be truncated to fit within int range
37006: A list comprehension that generates an array of booms based on the input number.  The function 'range' is used to generate numbers from one
37007: This function checks if two strings are anagrams. It returns true only when the characters in both string match, and false otherwise; it also considers
37008: This line of the given C# program is creating an integer with 3 bits set to one. The value 'k' determines which bit in that
37009: This Python function converts all ASCII characters to their equivalent Unicode character, and replaces non asccii or null bytes with spaces (" ")
37010: This function takes two parameters, the current 'birth' and comparison years. It calculates an integer value representing how old someone is by subtracting
37011: This Python function attempts to convert the input value into an integer. If it fails, then checks if that same string is equal as 'true' or
37012: This function calculates the total of all numbers that have an associated "letters" key and value equal to 'A' from given `list`
37013: This Python script takes an n by 1 numpy matrix as its parameter, where each row is one point in space with two coordinates - 'x
37014: This Python script reads each character of the input string and checks if it is either an empty space (' ', tabulation('\t')) – If
37015: This line returns the summation result from two tuples. The first element in each tuple is added to get one value, and then that same
37016: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is calculated by adding one to its input, then multiplying it with half using `floor`
37017: This Python script generates two lists from the given 'reaction list' where each element is an username of user who has reacted to some content.
37018: This function checks if the difference between maximum and minimum is less than an inputted 'absolute' number. If it does not meet that condition then
37019: This line of the function calculates and returns an interval between maximum value '(z_MAX)' – minimum Value's '. The result is
37020: This line of the given Python script splits an argument into separate strings based on commas, returning these split values as list in order to be used
37021: This Python function splits the input string into separate "words" using space as separator, then returns length of last word in that list/array
37022: This Python script uses depth first search algorithm on the given object's layers recursively until it visits all objects with unique ID using `set` data
37023: Generates the URL to an ugoiravideo on PIXIV using illust id as parameter  Code is used in generating links of U
37024: This line of the given Python script is checking whether 'c' in variable `ctx`. If it finds an occurrence, then assigns to v
37025: This function converts the list of tuples into dictionary. If it's already in form, then returns that directly else if there are no
37026: This Python function checks if the input is either 'yes', or one of several other strings that are considered as false values, and returns true otherwise it
37027: This function checks if the number is power of two. A positive integer that has only one bit set in its binary representation, ie., it'
37028: This Python function maps over the entries of 'feed' using lambda to create new dictionaries with an additional key. It then filters out any dictionary
37029: If 'n' or "None" isn’t provided, it sets the value of ```‘NYQ'' to be one. Otherwise return
37030: This line of Python script calculates the result as per given formula. The value 'y' is taken and then multiplied by four, which results
37031: This program calculates the mean of an array with float values using Python programming language and returns it as output, given that input is provided in command line
37032: If the length of 'b' is one and we have reached our maximum number "maximum", return string. Else decrement time by at
37033: This Python function calculates the average weights of each client's factor values at every weight index, and returns these averages as list FedAvge
37034: This function returns the ceiling of division, i.e., it rounds up to nearest whole number if possible otherwise same as input value itself in case when
37035: This function returns the maximum of mini and minimum value between two given numbers. It is used to ensure that all input values are within certain limits or constraints
37036: This Python function matches the given URI to an OBO Curies format and returns it if matched, else return none is returned in case no matching found
37037: This function calculates the volume of an object given its height and length. The result is multiplied by 4 to account that there are four sides
37038: This Python function checks the first letter of each word's input and returns an appropriate greeting. If it is either 'A', ‘I
37039: This function takes in three arguments - two tables and the string to be added. It then adds up all elements of both sorted table using lambda functions
37040: Code checks if two strings are anagrams. If they're, it returns True; otherwise false and the count of unique characters is returned as
37041: This function returns the minimum of maxing out at x and then returning it with another variable. The maximum is determined by taking two variables as input -
37042: This Python function calculates the minimum pvalue and then estimates an estimate of null proportion based on that value, with some additional logic to handle cases where
37043: This line of Python script is stripping whitespace from the input strings and returning them as list, but only when they are not empty after being trim
37044: This Python script checks whether the key 'not' exists within JSON document. If it doesn’t exist, then return original dictionary; otherwise continue to
37045: If the text is missing, return 'No Text'. Else check whether entities are present. Return either No Command or Bot command based on presence of
37046: This line of the Python script returns length/dimension or size, i.e., number columns in matrix mat[] by using builtin function '
37047: This function checks whether the string contains '+|' and returns it as is, or splits on plus signs to return an array of elements after splitting
37048: This function takes as input an object and checks whether it's of type 'dict'. If the given argument isn’t indeed being treated like one
37049: This function append the given parameters to their respective lists and then return these three list as output from Python' builtin functions syslogic() .
37050: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
37051: This Python function converts time in hours into the format of minutes and seconds with respect to some given value 's'. It returns an array containing values
37052: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks if the value returned by function 'f()' equals to one, and returns true or
37053: This Python function calculates the slope of an interpolated curve. The formula is used to calculate it based on two points in data, which are given
37054: This Python script creates an empty list, then append the 'ID' of each object within given `iteratable` to it and finally returns that ID
37055: This function opens the file with name 'filename' and reads its first four bytes. If these are equal to UTF16("0x7
37056: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty or not, then removes any leading/trailing underscores/_ characters from it until no such
37057: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns the square values. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that task efficiently with one line
37058: This function converts an unsigned integer in hexadecimal format to its binary representation. The result is returned as four separate bytes of the Uint
37059: This is an implementation of the bitwise shift right operator in Python. It counts how many bytes are needed to represent all numbers upto 39
37060: This python script calculates the number of times each character appears within all room names. It then multiplies these counts by their corresponding IDs and sums
37061: This Python script converts the input string to lowercase, removes leading and trailing whitespaces using strip(), splits it into list of individual names
37062: This Python function calculates the percentage of each element present within an inputted frequency distribution. It takes as its argument, 'sum' and returns another
37063: This Python script splits the given string into lines, then selects and returns only one line after splitting by "Researcher:" text in each
37064: This script is used to find the correct Swift module files based on CPU architecture and OS type, if not found it will return none – Code sn
37065: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns as is; otherwise converts and return its value in one
37066: Checks if the bounding box of one object is inside another. If it's not then returns True else False 	Input/Output Example
37067: If the input number is less than one, it returns zero. Otherwise - continues with calculation of factorial using recursion method and returning result as an
37068: If the peptidesequence is empty, it returns an blank string.  [Done]   Code snippet used in other parts of program
37069: This Python script generates an HTML string from the list of previous load values. It creates and returns as output one long text with all options formatted correctly to
37070: This Python script reads an input string of newline separated list items, cleans it by removing any empty strings and then returns the cleaned up version as output
37071: This Python function returns the "Object ID" from an input dictionary.  It's used to identify unique objects in data analysis and visualization tasks
37072: This Python function prints out the predictions and their corresponding expected values if they do not match. It returns 'True' only when there is at least one
37073: This line of Python script opens the file specified by filename in write mode and writes text to it using 'with' statement which automatically closes or releases
37074: This Python script converts the dictionary "gateway" into another one called 'gateway' with an additional key, value pair. The new entry
37075: This function takes an input string, converts it to upper case and then splits the result into individual characters. It finally joins them back together in
37076: A list comprehension that generates the square of each number from 1 to 'num' using Python programming language and returns it as output which is also
37077: This Python script splits the URLs into their last part and returns them as list of strings using List Comprehension feature from python 3
37078: If there are no files rotatored, return zero. Otherwise calculate the maximum file number in 'rotation' list and add one to it as
37079: Copies the spans and tokens from two different Span objects, then combines them into one object with unique values in each field except "Characters
37080: This Python function calculates and returns two values from an input vector of coordinates in polar form using Euclidean distance formula to calculate 'r' or radius
37081: This function checks whether the given input is present in an array. If it's there, returns 'Yes', otherwise - no response or error message
37082: Check if there is at least one 'properties' list with status of FAILURSE or description containing the word “failure”. If
37083: This python script creates an empty list of size 'num' with three elements each. It then fills the first two positions as zero and leaves third position
37084: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37085: This Python script is used to generate unique ID strings from the given list of dictionaries and lists using nested loops structure with string formatting method "_{
37086: This function checks the first two elements of an object 'P' and returns them. If P itself can be considered as either int/float data types
37087: This line of the Python function returns halfway between two seeds. It's an example to show how division works in python, where it divides
37088: This function checks whether the input is within range. If not it returns either minimum or maximum depending on which one was smaller/larger than other two
37089: This Python script calculates the total of all unique values from an array. It checks each element's second value against its first, and if they
37090: If the attribute trainablity of coefficient is present in object "coeff", return its value; otherwise else it returns false indicating that there's
37091: This Python script generates 'n' colors and returns them as RGB tuples or BGR lists depending on the input parameter "mode". The function
37092: This function takes in the string 'path' and replaces all occurrences of "\?" + download =“ ”+  = 0 with
37093: This function returns the concatenation of three strings. The first two are passed as arguments and then appended with ':' character to form one single line
37094: This Python script takes an optional command line argument, which is the name of one text files to be read and printed out as output from it."
37095: This script creates an array of intervals from the input 'Label Interval' list, then calculates and appends to another output ('Labelling')
37096: This line of the Python script checks if string 'str' is either equal to one among several values. If it does, then returns True; otherwise
37097: If no Conda environment exists or the dependencies are not pip installable then return an empty list; otherwise extracts all of them as strings from their
37098: This script uses regular expressions to find all the unique word instances in dataset, then returns them as keys of Counter object from collections module and finally conver
37099: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The function takes in one parameter, 'word', which is expected to be
37100: This line of the given Python script adds an element to list named 'exchange'. The function is appending and returning it as result, which means
37101: This Python function converts all lowercase letters to upper case and vice versaCodes.  It does not change any other characters, including numbers or
37102: This function calculates the score of an election based on win, lose and tie. The formula is as follows -> Win = 1 point; L
37103: This function returns the square of one minus tan hyperbolic tangent, which is equivalent to its reciprocal in mathematics and can be used as an
37104: This function checks if any of the values are not empty strings, returning true only when at least one is found and all others aren't; otherwise
37105: This function converts the input x to its equivalent floating point representation. If an error occurs, it raises and handles exceptions by returning None or some default
37106: This function takes an integer t in seconds and returns the equivalent time as hours minutes & second. The result is returned by value instead of printing it out
37107: This function finds the position of closing bracket in string. It starts from end and goes till first opening brace, returning its index plus one as it
37108: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37109: This Python function generates an HTML tag with attributes and returns the string representation of it as per given conditions; if no attribute is provided then return only opening
37110: This function checks if the given 'board' has any empty cells. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true indicating that all elements are
37111: This function converts the input to lowercase and checks if it's one of 'True', ‘False’, or any other two letters
37112: This Python function replaces certain characters in the string with other specified ones, replacing all occurrences of these specific and replaced strings at once using regular
37113: Returns the id of given Molecules object. 1st line is just an example, actual implementation may vary based on specific requirements and context in
37114: This function checks whether the current cell is empty or not. If it's an L and there are 4 adjacent cells that aren’t occupied
37115: This function returns the value of 'c' based on whether MahaAlinobiSquare is less than or equal to C square. If it
37116: This function returns 'zero' if `theta` is greater than or equal to "Delta" plus another variable, else it calculates and then div
37117: This line of the given C++ program calculates and returns an estimate value based on input parameters. The calculation involves adding up 'exposure'
37118: This line of Python script returns the difference between two strings, which is essentially counting how many characters are removed from one string when it's stripped
37119: If there are no positive and negative examples of the given class, return 'NaN'. Otherwise calculate ratio between number observed in that category to total count
37120: This line of the function returns sum(exxt,vxc.t * s). It is doing something with two lists and an integer as input
37121: “Returns dictionary's 'key'-basename as its own value”  		   									    			     	   	 	       	      '''"
37122: This python script calculates the area of triangle using coordinates. The first three points are used to calculate one side, and then two triangles with opposite
37123: This function calculates the output of an experiment using given input parameters, which is related to photometric response in one particular system or instrument and returns it
37124: This Python script converts seconds into hours/minutes and returns the number of full days. The result is returned in terms that are less than or
37125: This Python function takes an input string in the format "hhhmmss", where h is hours minute and seconds are separated by ':' symbol;
37126: This Python function splits the given string into its component parts, then changes one of these components and joins them back together with dots in between as per
37127: This Python function checks whether the given 'year' is leap or not. A common mathematical concept in many cultures, including ancient and modern ones where it
37128: Copies the configuration dictionary and changes one value in it, then returns that modified version of dict – Code snippets are not allowed here as
37129: This function takes as input the parameters of an existing Rule and returns them if they are within our defined set, otherwise it will return all available rules'
37130: Checks if the current string is an uppercase letter, not part from another word with spaces/semicolons at end as per given conditions
37131: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, ignores any 'stop' list of terms and appends them to an output array if
37132: This function returns the bounding box with maximum confidence. If multiple boxes have same highest probability then it will return any of them randomly chosen by Python'
37133: This Python function takes two lists as input, and returns the intersection of these list's elements using set operations only - no loops or extra data structures
37134: This line of the Python script checks if 'host' is either localhost or “loopback” IP address, which are reserved network addresses used by
37135: This function is used to extract the username from an email address if it exists, otherwise returns original string as no changes were made in case of non exist
37136: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression. The value returned is calculated by adding 'x' to some percentage ('g') multiplied
37137: This function checks whether the 'record' dictionary has an entry with key named as energyratio structure or not, and returns false otherwise true based on that
37138: This function checks if the range of one variable is within another. It returns True only when both conditions are met, otherwise it will False or None respectively
37139: This is an implementation of the bitwise OR operation. It shifts y 3 places to left and then combines it with 'x' on its right
37140: If the string on its own is an empty String, it returns what's in 'right'. Otherwise - nothing.  This function checks whether there
37141: This function adds two numbers together, but it also multiplies the second number by its successor. The result is then returned as one of our outputs in
37142: This Python function counts all elements of nested lists. It uses recursion to handle any level deep nesting and returns total number as output from that process
37143: This program converts numbers written in string format to their corresponding integer values. If the input is not one of these, it returns zero as default value
37144: This Python function checks whether two numbers are equal, but only when one of them is 4. If the other number isn't four or it
37145: This Python function checks whether the given 'Movies' object has an entry with specified `genre` and increments its count. If it doesn
37146: This Python script accesses the fields of an input dictionary and returns them in separate variables. The dictionaries are used to store information about different biological samples
37147: This Python function takes an SVG element as input and calculates the aspect ratio of its view box. The result is then scaled down to fit within
37148: This Python function generates all possible combinations of substrings from the input sentence up to length 'l'. It uses list comprehension and string join operation on
37149: This line of the given Python script is returning an HTTP URL that includes information from 'varmap' dictionary, specifically its key named as name and
37150: Converts the input string to lowercase and removes leading/trailing whitespace, then checks if it's either 'Yes', ‘
37151: This line of the given Python script returns only second part from 'name' string after splitting it by '.', which is commonly used to get file extension
37152: This function returns the fourth and third elements of an input list, in that order.  The first two are returned as is because they're not
37153: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on image data, which increases its value by one and then multiplies it with ten times fifteen
37154: This line of the function returns True if |num| is less than ‘epsilon’, which in Python represents machine precision. Epsilon or e
37155: If the lengths of s1 and/or s2 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking each character in both strings one by on
37156: This Python script creates an extension of the given 3D list by adding two extra rows and columns to it. The new array is filled with z
37157: This function returns the revision and its associated URL. The parameters are used to create an informative output in markdown format using sprintf() with place
37158: This Python script is used to find all unique directories from the list of files, which are located within these folders and have no other subdirectories or
37159: This function checks if there are any tasks assigned to an employee. If none, it returns 'False'. Otherwise,'True' is returned indicating that some
37160: This Python function takes an URL and removes the file protocol, backslashes ("\"), from it to make sure that we can use relative paths in
37161: This function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as an instance of class "Abstract Vector". If it does then returns that vector. El
37162: This line of the given Python script is creating an absolute path to data using concatenation. The 'name' variable will be appended at end,
37163: A function that calculates the sum of an arithmetic series. The input is one integer, and it returns another number which represents how many terms in
37164: If the name of an object starts with "<<", return its full path, else just display it as is  Code Type/Language used in implementation
37165: This Python function tries to extract all non whitespace characters from the input string and returns them in list format, if an exception occurs it prints that error
37166: This line of Python script uses regular expressions to remove the "figcaption" and its associated alt text from HTML descriptions using regex pattern matching technique in python
37167: This Python function retrieves the property and corresponding values from two mappings based on an input dictionary 'entry'. The keys are used to look up in
37168: This function checks the length of an input string, counts lowercase letters/characters & upper case characters only then returns true or false based on conditions
37169: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'num' is an integer. If it isn’t, then return that number; otherwise convert and
37170: This line of the script reads in text and splits it into an array using newline characters. It then strips any leading or trailing whitespace
37171: Checks whether the input URL variable 'is instance of' and checks it against an empty/null value. If either condition fails to meet then raises
37172: This Python function generates the string representation of an audio file' parameters. The input is expected to be in accordance with these parameter names and their respective values
37173: This is an example of how to calculate the square, double and quadruple value. The function takes one integer as input 'A' then calcul
37174: This Python function retrieves the 'loci' of an NCBI NCRNA object. If it doesn’t exist or is empty then returns
37175: This Python function takes two binary strings as input, applies the X's from one string to another and returns their combined result after replacing any other characters
37176: This function calculates the value of 'filtered' based on previous values. The new input is added to an exponentially weighted average, and then
37177: This function takes two numbers as input, divides them by 3 and returns the floor of each result. The results are then added together with an
37178: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37179: This Python function reverses the sign of an element with key 'amout' if it exists, and modifies its value to be negative. If
37180: This function returns the list of parameters required to perform an operation on network devices. The first three elements are common across all operations and follow in order with
37181: This Python function copies the dictionary 'storedict' and if it exists then updates its value of key named gather frequency. If not present or is
37182: Checks if the arguments have been set in either pickled bundless or unpickebled directories respectively – returns True only when both are present
37183: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'points' inputted as parameter and append to it tuples of coordinates from
37184: Creates and returns the union of two dictionary objects. If keys are present only once then it will be added to resultant Dictionary else if there is
37185: This Python function checks whether the input is either 'y's, which are case insensitive versions of yes. If it matches one among these two
37186: This line of Python script converts all elements in the input integer array to integers.  It uses map() function which applies an arbitrary given functions and
37187: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you can use any language, but Python is
37188: This function calculates the maximum absolute value of elements present within list 'a'. The result is returned as an output. – Code by [Your
37189: This function checks if the two lists of labels are equal. If not, it returns false; otherwise true after comparing each pair from start to end respectively
37190: This Python function checks if the given string contains certain keywords and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition, otherwise it will return 'False'. The
37191: This SAS macro splits the input string into tokens, then further breaks down each of those individual components to key/value pairs and stores them within
37192: This Python function takes an input list of arguments and returns only those that start with the given prefix, removing all other elements from it using another looping
37193: This line of Python script joins all the elements in var with an underscore ("_") and returns it. It's used to format output from
37194: This Python function maps the given list of IDs to their corresponding values from an input dictionary mapping, and returns them as one long sequence/list using
37195: This Python script uses regular expressions to check if the input string matches with specific format of 16 digits separated by slashes(/). The function
37196: This Python script replaces ":" with underscores and "/" in the file name before returning it, which is then replaced by another function to
37197: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
37198: If the 'contact form id' is greater than 0, it returns that value. Otherwise nothing happens and an error message will be displayed to user
37199: This function returns the string "Hello, name".  It takes in one parameter 'Name' and prints out Hello followed by that person’s
37200: This line of the Python script calculates and returns percentage difference between two values. The function takes in 3 parameters - new, old & base_
37201: This function returns the full URL of an endpoint and path.  The format is "<ENDPOINT>/&lt;PATH_PARAMET
37202: This Python function checks if the result of an SMT Solvers is valid or unsatisfiable. If it's invalid, returns false; otherwise
37203: This program implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The loop continues until 'b' becomes zero and then it calcul
37204: This Python script removes unnecessary keys from the dictionary 'Data'. It checks if any of these key names are present as values, and remove them to reduce
37205: This function subtracts the minimum of two numbers from one number. It'll be useful in many different areas like data analysis and machine learning where
37206: Counts the number of times that two successive characters in string 'str' are identical.  It does not count overlapping matches, and it
37207: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37208: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
37209: This function is used to clean the text by removing [[[ and ]]]. If an input string starts with '[' then it removes both brackets
37210: This Python script removes leading colons from input strings, if they exist at the beginning of string or after "::". It also strips trailing new
37211: This script is designed to get the size, block and grid dimensions from an input dictionary 'dims'. If these values are not provided in that particular
37212: This function replaces special characters in the string with hyphens.  It's used to clean up titles and file names that may contain invalid or
37213: This function checks if the conditions to return 'True' are met in three different variables, and returns true only when all of them meet or none at
37214: This function calculates the sum of all multiples up to n, where each multiple is defined as an integer that's less than or equal and
37215: This Python script generates column names from the given list of 'columns'. If an element is found to be part or contain dot then it splits by
37216: If the variable 'mydir' is not defined, then it returns string N.  This means that there was an error in your program and you
37217: This function takes in an input string, splits it into two parts using underscores as the delimiter and returns only second part of split
37218: This script is used to generate an empty string, which will be populated with the messages from "evaluation results" list of dictionaries using Python
37219: This Python script generates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all given 3D data. The result is then returned as four numbers that represent these values with
37220: "You're alive!" – Code is returning the string 'Alive!' and printing it out on screen in Python language using return statement with
37221: If the name of an identifier is underscore (_), it replaces with hyphen (-). Otherwise returns original string. This function will be used to
37222: If the 'situation' is equal to three AND current condition of "state" equals zero -> return value = `return_value=
37223: This Python function takes as input the coordinates of an object and returns its new position after being scaled by some factor 'resolution' along each dimension specified ('
37224: Attempts to convert an object into string and then uses regular expression matching on it with the pattern ".*". If successful returns split source as list
37225: This function takes an optional parameter 'par' and returns the result of performing some operation on it. If no argument was provided, then default value "
37226: This function checks if the provided PID matches with any of our known locations. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that
37227: This function calculates the reciprocal of 0.9 in Python, which is equivalent to finding y such that f(y)*x =
37228: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37229: This function returns the same value as input, but it has been wrapped in an "else" clause to handle out of range RGB values. If '
37230: If the sum of 'positive offset', ‘spinnw clock wise’ and "climb" is equal to three, it returns True.
37231: This Python function calculates the square roots of an input number 'x'. If given any value less than zero, it raises and handles "Value Error
37232: This Python function takes as input an English text, splits it into individual unique terms and sorts them alphabetically before returning the last three characters of
37233: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is obtained by multiplying corresponding elements from both input arrays and then summing them up
37234: If the 'Alias' object exists, return its ID; otherwise do nothing and then returns "None".  This function checks whether an Aliases
37235: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37236: This Python script returns all the 'jobs' that contain an entry with key named as result.  It uses list comprehension to achieve it efficiently
37237: Removes the last character of string 'name' and returns it.  If there is no such char, return original value as in case when we
37238: This Python script attempts to establish an active connection with the given IP address and Port number, returning false if it fails or true otherwise when successful execution of
37239: This function returns the result of dividing input by one trillion. It's an example to show how Python handles large numbers and floating point ar
37240: This Python script creates an indexing dictionary from the list of unique inputted 'words'. The function works by iterating over each item within your provided
37241: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
37242: This function returns the absolute value of 'abs' and checks if it is less than zero. If true, then -1 will be returned else
37243: This Python function takes an object 'utxo' as input and returns the transaction id ('txn'), output number('idx') along with its
37244: This Python function filters out intervals that are shorter than the specified minimum length from an input list of tuples, where each tuple represents interval [start
37245: This Python function splits the first line of an input string into its components and returns them in reverse order as tuples with basic type at index
37246: This line of the given Python script calculates modulus and divides by three. If result is zero, it returns original number divided through one third
37247: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over each subdictionary of the list, checking if it contains any keys that are already present
37248: This function calculates the average of all elements in an array.  It is used to calculate statistics like standard deviation, variance etc., which are essential
37249: If the key 'message' exists on any given dictionary, it checks whether its value is equal to string terminating. In such case returns textual
37250: This function takes an input string, and returns the same output as before but with all non alphanumeric characters replaced by underscores. It
37251: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
37252: This line of the script is setting three variables to values from an object named "pageState". The variable names are 'pagesize', ‘p
37253: A function that returns the emotion associated with an input. If no such association exists, it will return 'None'. The emotions are mapped to each other
37254: If the input 'channnel' specifier refers to an integer value then it returns whether or not that specific number matches with our defined channels.
37255: This function returns the number of digits in an inputted numeric value.  It converts that numerical data to string, then calculates its
37256: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer by shifting 'x' 3 places to left and then ORing it with value from variable
37257: This function calculates the number of splitted elements in an array. The result is rounded up to nearest whole integer, as it's not possible
37258: This Python script adds new elements to the 'tags' list if they are present within an inputted dictionary of "addition". The function returns all
37259: This Python script creates an object 'Rectangle' with properties and geometry. The rectangle is defined by the coordinates of its vertices in two dimensions - left
37260: This line of the Python function calculates an approximation to be used in optimization. It takes as input z, which is expected not only positive but also
37261: If the dictionary is empty, return an emtpy dict. Else check whether there's at least one value present within it and then returns
37262: If the list of strings has less than or equal to  one string, return true. Otherwise check whether every second element exists as an immediate successor after
37263: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then fills it with objects from the list 'objs'. The keys of each object are set as their common
37264: This Python function checks the diems of students, classifies them into different categories based on their scores.  It returns string that represents category according to
37265: This function takes an input file path and returns the directory name of that location along with its base filename without extension in three separate variables respectively."
37266: This function checks if the two rectangles do NOT overlap. If they don't overlay each other in any way then it returns True; otherwise
37267: Returns true if the first element of an array is equal to its second. If so, it converts that character into UpperCase and returns True else
37268: This line of the given C++ function is responsible to extract and combine two bytes from an array representing RGB color. The first byte in each pair represents
37269: If hypothesis lengths are not equal to reference, raise an error.  This is because it's impossible in real life scenarios where we don’t
37270: This script creates an array of ones with the same length as 'input' and then replaces each element at position [0, 3], which
37271: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given 'options', and if it finds any third element of each tuple present within that
37272: This Python function calculates the values of 'x' and ‘xy’ in terms to solve an equation. The solution is given as two separate
37273: This Python script splits the string into parameters and returns one of them if it matches with 't'. If not, return an error message is returned
37274: This Python script calculates the dot product of two vectors. The first three elements from each vector are multiplied together, and then summed up to
37275: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between an inputted value and another, but only if that other is within some small range. If it'
37276: This Python function calculates the sum of squares differences between consecutive elements and adds an extra term to it which is not included here due its complexity but can
37277: Creates an exact copy of the object, replaces "UUID" with its own id and deletion is performed on uuid key from copied dictionary
37278: This function returns the name of one or two generations based on its input. If it's 0, then 'unknown'. It also handles cases
37279: This piece of Python script checks the input string and returns an appropriate list based on whether it matches any one or more specific keywords. It's used
37280: This line of the Python script removes any leading or trailing newline characters from 'value'. It then returns that resultant string without modifying it
37281: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the input string against pattern "XXYYZZ". It then returns as output an iterable of tuples
37282: This function returns the last digit of an integer. It does so by taking modulo operation with base 'n' and then dividing it to get
37283: This line of Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors using Pythagoras' theorem and returns that value as sqrt,
37284: This function converts the given RGB or HEXADECIMAL value to an integer. If it's not possible, raises and exception
37285: This function takes two strings as input and returns the number of times that one character appears more than another. It does so by comparing each pair from both
37286: This function checks the conditions of three different scenarios, returning one string based on which condition is met. If none are true it returns 'Given Config'.
37287: This script calculates the number of true positives/negatives & false negativess. It also counts how many times each unique class is
37288: This line of the program initializes variable 'c' to 3, which is then used in calculations and comparisons with other variables or constants as
37289: This function checks whether two inputs are instances of the same class. If they do not match or one input does “not have” an array instance
37290: This Python script is used to filter the bench marks based on their names. It takes as input an object containing information about multiple different 'data' d
37291: This function takes three arguments - two keys 'k' from the dictionary `triplets` which are compared to find out if they exist as key
37292: This function returns the maximum of three numbers. It first finds out which number is smaller and then compares it with other two given values to find larger
37293: This python script converts all the strings to lowercase and checks if any of them are present within another list or string, returning true/false accordingly
37294: This Python function performs bitwise OR operation on the given inputs. The result is returned as an integer value, which can be either 0 or any
37295: This function searches through the given 'data' list of dictionaries to find two specific types ("log player attack", or “take damage”).
37296: This Python function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain formulas and returns these values as well calculated chrominances 'C'r
37297: If the input "text" isn't defined, return an empty string. Otherwise just output or simply pass through it as per requirement in Python programming
37298: This Python script generates an empty string and then iterates over the list of tuples 'matches'. For each tuple, it appends to
37299: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37300: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37301: If the length of 'crop' is less than or equal to 1, return original string. Else check whether it exceeds size limit and
37302: This function checks whether the input number is less than two, equal to or greater tha three. If it's not one of these cases then
37303: This Python script checks whether the URL starts with 'https' or not, and then changes it to start from PostgreSQL dialect using psycogpg library
37304: If the 'Heart Rate' is missing, it raises an error. It also checks whether there are any defined ZONES and their corresponding MIN
37305: This function checks if two dictionaries have the same key/value pairs, regardless of order or duplicates in those values list; returns True only when
37306: This function checks whether the input object 'is' instance of dictionary or not. If it does then replaces all values with string and returns that as
37307: This Python script is used to extend the values of keys from one dictionary into another, creating an output dict with all original dictionaries combined and duplicates
37308: This function checks whether the input list 'x' has no elements or it only contains one element. If so, returns true; otherwise false and also
37309: This Python script opens the 'input' and writes to an external textfile named temp_OUTPUT using only lines that do NOT start from word Range
37310: This Python function checks whether the input `is instance of` type 'list' or any other. If it isn’t an ‘intance
37311: This Python script creates an array of strings, which are used to identify different types or categories within the program's functionality and structure such as queueing
37312: This function calculates the number of microseconds in one beat given various parameters such as time signature and tempo information from an audio file or stream data
37313: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in 'queryParam' to lower case using builtin function `str` and method "".
37314: This function checks whether the given parameters are valid. It returns True only when both 'year' and one of ['Period'] match certain conditions; otherwise
37315: Checks if the repository name or its 'Description', both are present, then checks whether it’ll be printed out an error message based on certain
37316: This function calculates the height of an object at any point 't' in time, given its initial position and speed. The formula is derived from
37317: This line of the given Python script is returning an object from AWS Lambda function's environment variables, specifically "event" which contains information about job
37318: A dictionary that maps the state of an object to its current status.  The dictiona...   Code is used in conjunction with other functions and
37319: This script checks if the input values are valid. It assumes that `numpy_array[i] = numpy array of size nx
37320: Generates JSON representation of tasks and groups from the given data structure 'storage'.  The output is formatted as per task ids to ensure uniqueness
37321: This line of the function checks if either one dimension is less than another. If so it returns True; otherwise False or None depending on which condition was
37322: This function calculates the Fiboancci sequence. If input 'int' and positive number are given then it returns that value else raises
37323: This line of the Python script returns all characters from index 6 onwards in 'device' string. It is used to get only name part after
37324: If the length of string ‘S’ is less than that in 'T', return true. Else, check whether it'is greater and
37325: This line of the script checks if 'prefix' is either equal to “xrp”(for Bitcoin), and/or it’s an
37326: This function returns the RGB values of an image. The input is expected to be in BGR format and it will output three separate integers representing Red Green
37327: If the list is empty or contains only one element then return zero. Otherwise multiply all elements by 'X' and sum them up to get final
37328: This function checks if all characters of the input are alphabets or not using Python's builtin isalnum(). It returns True only
37329: This Python script creates an array of dashes ('--') with the same length as `label`, and replaces each dash at index 0
37330: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each line of the input string `puzzles` separated by newlines ('\\r
37331: This line of Python script calculates and returns an integer representing one day in seconds. It takes as input timestamp, divides it by number os days
37332: If the first character of string 's' is "-", raise an error. Otherwise, return original value "return".  This checks whether package name
37333: This Python function calculates the determinant of 4x4 matrix using numpy library. The formula used is based on Cayley–M
37334: Transforms the given label names into their corresponding translated titles and descriptions with defaulting to primary severities when not found within `knowledge` dictionary or
37335: This Python function is used to extract the active skill from each dictionary entry of an input list 'utterance'. The output will be another array with all
37336: If the current device size is less than equal to threshold, then it returns true. Otherwise if not false; else multiplies by 4/3
37337: This Python function checks the first character of input string, and returns only its content after removing brackets. If it is not an array/list format
37338: This function checks if two strings are not equal, but the first string is identical to its second part.  It then returns True only when these conditions
37339: This function checks if all keys of the dictionary are not empty or contain nones, and returns whether it's true that case as well."
37340: This Python script reverses the values of each element within an inputted 3D list. The function iterates over all elements and changes their value
37341: This line of Python script returns the colorized version ("yellow") to console output. The input is "string".  It uses escape sequences (\x
37342: This Python function calculates the number of bits needed to store an integer in bytes. It takes as input 'len' and returns two values, one
37343: This line of Python script calculates the value 'p' by dividing ‘k’ with variable and assigns it to another new integer.
37344: Converts the given amount of water in inches to meters, then calculates how much rainwater is stored using that conversion factor and multiplies it
37345: This Python function takes as input an array of characters and returns the same sequence but with parentheses removed. The original order is preserved, only br
37346: This script checks whether the categories are present or absent. If they're both missing it assigns them with value of one; otherwise returns their respective
37347: This Python function calculates the ratio of two quantities, which is equivalent to their concentration. The first quantity represents one unit or molecule and its
37348: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37349: This Python function checks whether the input is divisible by five. If it's not, return false; otherwise returns 'Fizz'.(
37350: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37351: This function performs bitwise right shift operation on the input 'x' by ‘e’ places and then perform AND with mask. The result is
37352: If the device has an extension, it will execute some operations on 'TestString' variable – only if that specific hardware feature is available in your
37353: This line of the Python script returns only lowercase letters from 'value' variable. The result is converted to hexadecimal format using bitwise
37354: If the id is present, it replaces its value with an ID that comes after converting to global.  This process will be repeated until there are
37355: This function returns the count of all alphanumeric characters present within an input string. It does so by iterating over each character and checking whether
37356: This Python script splits the string 'pr' into three parts using '/', then assigns them to variables org and repo respectively with their corresponding values
37357: This Python script creates an array of size n with all elements initialized to 0, then increments the element at index y. The final result is
37358: This function returns the name of an attribute in form "<feature>"_value.  It is used to get values from feature table(s).
37359: This Python function checks whether the input value 't' is less than threshold parameter, and returns ‘True’ or "False" accordingly. If
37360: Returns the description of an item from dictionary "data".  The key is assumed to be 'name' and value would also contain another dict with keys
37361: This function takes the user's name and replaces all dots with spaces. Then it removes any plus signs from that string to clean up its format
37362: Iterates over the list of requests and returns request with matching reference. If no such match is found, it will return an empty dictionary instead returning from
37363: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it's possible. If not convertible then returns
37364: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists 'b' and another list named as "c" by using builtin python functions. The
37365: This Python function copies the message and removes certain strings from it. The 'msg' is then returned as output, with all specified cuts removed if they
37366: This piece of Python script calculates the weight to be assigned in Hessians during optimization process based on time elapsed since its start iteration or when
37367: Checks whether the given string is either 'text' or its plural form. If it does, returns True; otherwise False  [1 point]
37368: This Python script calculates the average of ratings given by each movie ID within an input list 'User Ratings Group'. If no movies are rated
37369: This Python function calculates the value of 'conc' in terms per cubic meter and returns it as an integer, rounded to two decimal places using exponent
37370: This function takes two numbers as input, multiplies them together and then divides the result by half. The output is returned from that operation which can
37371: This Python function takes an input 'Value', and returns the output according to certain conditions, where it sets values above or below specific thresholds as
37372: This function takes an array of strings and returns the cipher text. It uses Python's built in join() method to combine all elements into one
37373: This Python function converts seconds into days, hours and minutes. The result is returned in an object with properties "Second", which represents the number of
37374: Code is an implementation of the complementary function. It takes in RGB/RGBA values and returns their opposite colors as per requirement ie.,
37375: This Python function schedules the values of 'n' based on an array and returns it as output which is sorted by increasing order with each iteration until
37376: This Python script generates the list of values by subtracting each value from its corresponding first element and dividing it with last. It is used to normal
37377: This Python script checks if the headers sent with an HTTP request are one of several well known ones. If they aren't, it raises and handles
37378: This Python function splits the input string into individual elements, then removes any empty strings from those results using list comprehension and filter method to remove them
37379: This Python script calculates the average number of downloads per day from an input list. The "for" loop iteratively goes through each dictionary within '
37380: If value is one, return expression. Else it checks whether the number equals to minus one and returns its negation otherwise just returning zero in
37381: A function that returns the requested information about an object.  The returned data is in JSON format and includes details like Session ID., Types of objects
37382: This Python function converts an integer to binary string. It uses bitwise operations and if/else statements in order convert the input number into its equivalent
37383: This function calculates an expression based on two parameters, 'k' and "not at all" parameterized by another one called `q` which
37384: This Python function splits the input string 'NAME' into individual names and returns them joined by periods. If there are no more elements to be added
37385: This function checks whether the input 'Value' can be converted to an integer that lies between 1 &amp;lt;&#xA9;/
37386: This function checks if the zone type is one of three predefined types. If it's not, an error message will be printed to console
37387: This function calculates the FWHM of an array x using its first element as baseline and subsequent elements are compared to it with respecting their relative
37388: This line of the given Python script splits string 's' into an array/list using newline character as delimiter and returns it back
37389: This Python function takes two arguments, an optional 'env' and the current time as input. If no env provided it sets default to apptool
37390: This Python function sorts an array of integers using the Bubble Sort algorithm. The time complexity is O((n^3)/6). It's
37391: This function takes in the filename and returns an URL string that points to raw content of GitHub repository with given file name as data source, which is
37392: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it ends with "/", and then removes the trailing slash from that path name by slicing
37393: This line of the Python script is returning part after last slash in string 'packag'. It's used to get only name from full path
37394: This Python function is used to interpolation between two values 'a' and 'b'. It takes an input value, "t", which should be
37395: This line of the program calculates and returns an output value based on two input parameters. The calculation is done by dividing one number with another,
37396: This line of the program multiplies 'num' by ‘op2’ and assigns it to another variable, then divides that result with
37397: This Python function takes an integer input and returns the digits of that number in reverse order as they were extracted from right to left when divided by ten
37398: If the string 's' does not exist, return it as such; otherwise strip any leading or trailing whitespace from its value and then returns
37399: This function checks if the first character of string is '.' and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, which indicates whether it's an
37400: This function checks whether the input "value" can be safely converted to an integer. If it's either of type string or starts with slash
37401: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and checks if any of the two ranges are provided. If none, it raises 'Argument Error'. Otherwise - assign
37402: This function checks whether the first value is less than or equal to second. If it's true, then return "True", otherwise ->"
37403: Code to generate random numbers in Python. Use the randint() function from module 'random'.)" ...   # end of line
37404: If the value is zero, return it as string. Otherwise handle length of input and add leading zeros to make its number equal in digts count
37405: This function checks if the input 'object' ```python` ```has an alphabetical first character. If it does then returns True else
37406: Try to get the volume of an object and check if it's not empty or None; If so return false else continue with calculation as normal
37407: This line of Python function performs bitwise OR operation on three inputs x, and the result is returned. The operations are performed in parallel using '|
37408: Replace '$' with plus sign and '-', '.','and space in the given number.  The resultant value is converted to float type
37409: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two dictionaries 'obs' &amp; ‘acc’ using list comprehension
37410: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37411: This Python function tries to convert the input string s into an integer or float, and if it succeed then returns True. If not successful conversion is made
37412: This Python script calculates the average of each column from an input list. The number 's' is initialized with zeros, and then it adds
37413: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37414: This function returns the combination of domain name and task with version 1. It's used to create unique identifiers in different parts or contexts within
37415: This Python function filters the list of tuples 'filter' based on an element at index 3, and only keeps those elements that are greater
37416: This Python function converts an RGB color string to its integer representation in hexadecimal format and then returns the red green blue values as separate bytes
37417: This line of the function is increasing learning rate by an exponentially decreasing factor. It decreases as iterations progress, but never reaches zero to avoid divergence
37418: If the 'opt' variable is empty, it returns its value.  This means that we are checking to see whether or not an option has been
37419: This Python script sorts the list of tuples by second element. The lambda function is used to specify that we want each tuple' ssecond
37420: This line of the Python script splits 'pv' string on each occurrence and returns second part after splitting, which is what we are looking at
37421: This function checks if the given department name exists within an existing set of departments. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether
37422: This Python function converts the given dictionary of HTTP request Headers into an equivalent format that can be used by requests library to make API calls with it
37423: If the variable 'value' is undefined or null, it returns an empty string.  This handles cases where no input has been provided in some form
37424: This function is used to perform bitwise right shift operation on an integer. It checks if the input 'scale' and then performs it according whether or
37425: This Python function calculates the area of triangle ABC using Heron's formula. The result is greater than, less or equal to zero if y
37426: This function converts distance in miles to kilometers using the conversion factor of one mile = ~%.78... km, where % is used
37427: This line of the Python function checks if 'prefi' is equal to part or substring from 0th index upto length less than that
37428: This Python function converts the given number of centimeters to inches and then returns it multiplied by 10, rounded off with respecting
37429: This Python function checks whether the string '*' is present within any of its arguments. If it finds, then returns an error message saying that there
37430: This function checks the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing true positives, false negatives and total number os samples in case they are all zeroes or
37431: If the start word is not equal to stop, print an error message. Otherwise return true or false based on whether they're identical in terms
37432: This Python script generates the Canonical Request in Amazon Web Services' REST API by combining GET request method, domain name and path information of an AWS
37433: This function checks if the string contains either '*' OR an ampersand. If neither is present, it returns true; otherwise false/null
37434: This Python function returns the string '<JUMPCODE> - <ROTATION % 360°><'. The JUMPC
37435: Generates list of private IP addresses from the given JSON object.  The function returns only those with version as 'v6' or v7'.
37436: This Python script splits the string "auth" into list of strings using 'and' as separator, then it further processes each element to get
37437: This function returns the string based on whether or not an inputted score is above 1st, second and third grade. It uses conditional statements to
37438: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been run through digit recognition. It does not perform any other operation
37439: This Python function converts the file permissions into readable text. It takes an integer as input and returns its equivalent string representation, which is then displayed
37440: This script merges multiple VCF files into one. The output is written to the standard out or can be redirected as an input file if required
37441: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates and returns it as an output of type float or
37442: "The given program is an implementation of the Roman Numeral system."  Code explanation and logic behind it.   The symbols are represented as strings
37443: Code is an input string. The function returns the same as its argument, but with all spaces replaced by underscores and converted to lower case using
37444: This Python function checks if the argument is greater than 0, and returns True or False accordingly. If no arguments are given it will return 'False
37445: This Python function checks whether the input `None`, ‘zero’ and converts it to an integer in case of conversion failure raises exception with
37446: This function checks if the day of week is either Saturday or Sunday. If it's one such case then returns 'True', otherwise return False indicating
37447: This Python function calculates the minimum of two values and then uses it to calculate an interpolated value. The result is returned as part one or second
37448: Calculates and returns one line output with "The sum is {sum}".  If both diagonals are equal, it will return 'Di
37449: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
37450: This Python function returns the same list repeated 'n' times. It uses two nested loops to iteratively create and append elements from another given array into
37451: This Python script calculates the accuracy of sequence prediction. It compares each predicted and actual sequences one by another to count how many matches there are between
37452: This Python function splits the input string into individual 'words' and then modifies each one of them based on certain conditions, replacing specific phrases with
37453: This python script calculates the number of non zero bins. It counts how many times each bin is greater than zeros and then multiplies it by
37454: This function calculates the effective kernel size of an operation in convolutional layers. The formula is derived from standard formulas used to calculate padding and strides
37455: If the previous and current strings are empty, then it returns True. This indicates that we've reached either end of our string sequence or have found
37456: This function checks the first and last characters of an input string, then removes them from that document. If they are double quotes or single quote marks it
37457: This function checks if the first frame of each list matches with corresponding frames from another lists. If it finds any match, then returns true; otherwise false
37458: This line of the given Python script checks if `local_rank` is either -1 or zero. If it's one among these two values
37459: This line of the Python function returns latitudes plus an additional constant, which is then divided by zero to avoid division error in case if there's
37460: This Python script converts all the characters of an input string to lowercase. The result is then returned as output, which can be printed or used
37461: This Python function calculates the value of 'c' in an iterative process. If |Z| is greater than 2, it returns "
37462: If the instantaneo us rate is less than user's primary/target, then set out probability system to 0. Otherwise keep it as
37463: This Python script splits the given 'source' string into an array of strings using newliners as delimitters and then returns index at which
37464: This is an example of a simple linear regression model with 𝑛=∞, n variables and one output variable in Python using the
37465: Returns true when the given 'action' is of type write, otherwise false. (END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python`def check
37466: This Python script splits the input snake case into separate strings and then converts each of these separated substrings to upper first letter.  The
37467: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and performs different actions based on its nature. If it isn’s neither Tensor nor any other
37468: This Python script splits the given `node` name by "/" and returns its last part, but if it starts with any of these "cl
37469: This script is used to find the entities and relations from three different files using sets data structure which are then combined into two lists of distinct elements with their
37470: Code calculates the value of function B based on given values.  The formula is as follows, and it's used to calculate variable 'A
37471: This Python function takes an input of pairs and returns the dictionary. If there are duplicate keys it raises 'Argument Error'.  The order is maintained as
37472: This Python function converts time in second format to hour/minute notation. If the input value of 'second' variable negative then it will convert into
37473: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37474: This function checks if the page exists within both 'colored' dictionary. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there
37475: "The total costs are $" + str(cost_ofMedicine * frequency).  This program calculates and prints out how much money
37476: This function checks if the input s can be considered as one of three data types - list/tuple or string. It also ensures that it has
37477: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37478: If the 'Seed' parameter isn’t provided or it can not convert to an integer and floating point number then raise error. Otherwise return increment
37479: This Python function finds the maximum value of third element from given list.  The variable 'min' is not used, so it can be considered as
37480: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - just keep returning itself. This function will always end with an infinite
37481: This Python function calculates the precision and recall of two sets. If there is no common element between these set it returns zero else return calculated values based
37482: This function returns different learning rates based on the number of training iterations. It starts with small, then increases gradually to cover more data points in each iteration
37483: This line of the given Python script is creating an iterable that uses list comprehension to find all elements 'i' from each sublist within "
37484: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37485: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown variable 's' based on time and other known variables using simple linear interpolation between two points in
37486: "A function that conversts the given time in hours/minutes format into decimals."
37487: This function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It uses Python's built - itn functions to calculate and returns that
37488: This Python function flattens the given nested lists into one single, linearized sequence of elements using extend() method and return statement respectively which is equivalent
37489: This function calculates the number of ways to distribute eggs among floors. The base case is when there are no more balls left and all floats have
37490: This Python function generates two values that represent the minimum and maximum possible value within an input range. The 'span' is defined as half of your desired
37491: This script returns the list of all non-"Baseline" map objects from an inputted 'layers' object, which is assumed to be partway
37492: This python function splits the attribute string and tries to access it on an object using Python's builtin `getattribute` method or exception handling
37493: Code is checking whether two lines intersect. If they do, the function returns false; otherwise it calculates and stores coordinates of intersection point in variables '
37494: If the strings are not of same lengths, raise an error.  Otherwise continue with further processing...   [END] Code Summary ][Ends
37495: If the input "compositeTransformAsList" isn't of type 'LIST', it returns its second element. Otherwise return all elements in that
37496: This function converts RGB values to an integer. The conversion is done by multiplying each color channel with the corresponding power of two and then adding them
37497: This function trims all whitespace from strings and recursively processes dictionaries/tuples or lists of values to be trimmed within the input
37498: If the 'Offset' parameter isn’t provided, it defaults to lowercase version of its name; otherwise returns an empty list or substring from
37499: This function returns the string in format '<Action>__ <ClassName> <Field Name>>'.  It is used to generate unique identifiers.
37500: If 'a' is greater than or equal to ‘b’, return the value of "A", else it returns B. This function will
37501: This Python function takes an RGB Image and returns the same but with all pixel values clamped between 1.34% of their maximum value to
37502: This function takes in longitude and Latitudes of the location to be checked against. It then converts these into WKT format using ST Point
37503: This Python function rotates the given square NXN matrices by one layer. It does so using four nested loops and swapping elements of different layers
37504: This function checks whether the given 'min' is within range of an inputted number. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or empty string
37505: This function checks if the given file name ends with any of png, jpg/ppm or bmp extensions in Python using regular expressions and
37506: This Python function takes as input the content of an arbitrary file, and returns its first nonempty string it encounters after splitting by newline characters ("
37507: If the object field in question can be considered as an array/list of objects. Then return second element from that; otherwise just returns original value
37508: If the input "dividend" is zero, return Zero; otherwise divide it by 'divider' and then returns resultant value of
37509: This is an implementation of the sigmoid function in R, which takes as input k and returns σ(K). The formula given here represents
37510: This function checks if the list 'l' is strictly increasing. It does so by comparing each element with its previous one and ensuring that it increases exactly
37511: If the tree's 'Root node', or any other variable named "None", does not exist then return an empty array. Else filter out
37512: This Python function calculates the polynomial equation using coefficients. The coefficient list is passed as input to calculate and return result of that particular Polynomial Equation
37513: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37514: This Python function tries to perform an operation on the input. If it's of type string then creates and returns list with N rows filled by that
37515: This Python script is doing nothing but returning the value of 'x' indefinitely. It seems to be stuck on its own loop, never ending
37516: If no arguments are provided, it raises an error; otherwise returns the list of stripped strings from input string separated by commas – one line
37517: This Python script returns the values of certain keys in dictionary 'dict' as per their respective names.  The output is an array containing these key value
37518: Finds the last occurrence of 'text' in string and returns it, if not found then return None  # Code is finding first occurance after
37519: Return the columns in an issue tracker table.  The "columns"/keys are descriptive and correspond to each field of data stored on that row
37520: This function converts Unixtimestamp to milliseconds since epoch. It adds the constant value of unxTimestamp in microseconds and then
37521: This Python script formats the given data into one line. The input is two tuples and each tuple contains three lists of numbers which are then joined
37522: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37523: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points represented as vectors of equal lengths using list comprehension and math library's sqrt()
37524: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding Hexadecimal String. The input is the number and it returns in Upper Case format as
37525: If the follower count of user 'X' is greater than or equal to that in User Y, then it returns string “Y”.
37526: This Python function converts two strings to lowercase, checks if they are less than length of at least one character and then compares the bigram
37527: This function checks whether the input 'TEXT' appears to be an HTTP URL or just some random string that does NOT start with "http" and also
37528: This function returns the URL to download daily data from USGS's Central Air Quality Data Store. The station id is used as an identifier of where
37529: This Python function sorts the input list and returns either its second element, third one or last but not least - it's an example of "tern
37530: This line of the program is setting two different sets or bounding boxes to be equal. The values are taken from 'boundings' object in both
37531: This Python function returns the second, third and fourth elements of an input list. The output is in string format with commas separating each element as
37532: If the 'None' or empty string, return as it isn’t valid input to be processed further in our program; otherwise strip and ltrim
37533: This script translates the keys of two dictionaries based on common key values from one dictionary to another using Python's builtin functions and comprehension
37534: This function retrieves the preferred order of attribute names from an object. It checks each item on 'preferenceOrder' and looks up its corresponding value
37535: This function returns the string 'Para - {name} –{str var pos}' where `'Name of variable is : ',` and  `
37536: A function that returns data from different sources based on name, tag combination in dictionary format – 'acknowledgment' . The returned value can
37537: This Python function splits the input string by ' | ', cleans it, and returns only non empty strings as output list – one line solution using
37538: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over each distribution of farms to create dictionaries with categories as keys from the 'farm
37539: This script creates an array of integers and then populates it with the numbers from one to ten. It also initializes another empty list allRan
37540: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the first inputted array and checks if each element of that is also present within another one
37541: This function is used to calculate the weight of an element in terms its distance from minimum. The closer it gets, more importance/weight should be given
37542: This Python script calculates the values of five variables based on given conditions. The input parameters are 'dt', which is time step and other four inputs
37543: This function converts all lowercase characters in the input string to upper case and vice versa using Python's builtin map, lambda functions
37544: Return value of the function is based on whether or not last element in array 'line_array' equals to string <=>. If it does,
37545: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37546: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37547: This Python function generates all the prime factorization of an input number 'N'. It uses two while loops to find out whether N is divisible by
37548: This Python script creates an empty list, then append the result of each power operation to it using 'for' loop and range function from 0 up
37549: A dictionary is created with the source as key and another dictonary within it, which has target set to 'network id' followed by ',cluster
37550: This Python function splits the inputted strings into two parts at every occurrence of "}" and returns second part after splitting operation, which is basically removing
37551: This Python function calculates the average of each element's second value from an inputted array or nested lists and returns them as separate units within another
37552: This line of the Python script converts all characters in an input string to lowercase using builtin function "item".  It's used as
37553: This Python function checks the value of 'keyword' and returns it in different formats depending on its type. If not, then return as is ie
37554: This Python function calculates the average of three numbers. It adds up all these values, then takes half that sum to find out how much one number
37555: This function returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are equal, it will simply choose one number arbitrarily and is not defined in terms to
37556: Generates the next set of coordinates by adding each point's x and y values to its previous value. This is done using list comprehension,
37557: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as dictionary or not and then converts it into lowercase keys with their corresponding values
37558: This line of the program is reducing RGB values to their maximum possible value. It does so by dividing each color channel with its corresponding highest pixel intensity
37559: A dictionary with status and content of the HTTP request'response in Python using Flask framework as an example."   }]`; then it will
37560: This line of Python script checks whether the input 'object' "is instance" to be either dict or List and returns its copy otherwise it just return
37561: This Python function checks whether the input string is either 'Yes' or ‘No’. If it matches with any of these, then returns true
37562: This Python function combines all the lists in 'spkr' into one list and removes duplicates. It then converts that to an unordered
37563: If the first element of input is True then it returns tuple(1st value='True', second = 'False') otherwise tuples are
37564: This line of Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable `is an instance or class`. If it isn’t then return that value
37565: This Python script converts HTML entities to their corresponding characters. It uses the builtin string method `str()` and escape sequences like &, <
37566: If there are more replicas than mirrors, return 'Replicaset' else it returns '' and the count of both.  Else only
37567: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all given rectangles. The variables 'regions' is expected to be an array or list
37568: This function takes two parameters, an integer and another boolean. It returns the result of adding 1 to both numbers if they are not equal; otherwise
37569: If the lengths of string 1 and two are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process.. Code is checking if both strings have same
37570: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the domain name from an URL, if it exists in that string; otherwise returns None or empty strings depending on
37571: This Python script replaces all newline characters in the 'search results' with commas and then joins them into one string, separated by comma using
37572: This Python function returns an array of numbers that correspond to the best possible paths based on input 'Path'. The numbering system is as follows - Path
37573: This function takes an input string, checks whether it is empty or null and returns the same as output when true; otherwise return modified version of original with
37574: This line of the Python script checks if value in second list is greater than first one, as well whether either values are not equal OR both conditions hold
37575: If the length of 'crosscorrelation' is greater than 0, it raises an error. Otherwise returns nothing or none in python programming
37576: If the response is 'OK', it will update an existing Incidents with given id. 10/3rd of total incidents are assigned to
37577: This Python script generates the list of full name from 'qa' output. The first and last part are combined to form complete Name, which is
37578: This function calculates the product of three variables, and returns it. The first two are multiplied together to get 'Ce' times ‘
37579: This Python function is used to determine the appropriate 'session', ‘Private Corpuse’, or datu based on input document data and field DB
37580: If the input string is 'instring', print an error message and return it as output. Otherwise, just say that you are returning something else ('
37581: This line of the function returns only two most significant bits from an ioctl result. The rest are ignored as they don't contribute to any
37582: This function splits the input string into individual word(s). If no argument or an empty one provided, it returns []. Otherwise return list of
37583: If the number of deplyments is zero, it returns account count. Otherwise , incrememnts by 1 and then retruns resultant
37584: This script splits the input string "taxon" into an array of strings based on pipe (' | ', ) as delimiter. It then
37585: This function checks whether the given input is an HTTP URL, returning true when it's one and false otherwise – based on its starting with "
37586: This function converts the given number of 'sec' into its equivalent in terms hrs/mnnt or mnns. If it is more
37587: This Python function takes an input list, and returns the same output as if all elements of that array were unique using set() method from python's
37588: This Python function moves all zeros to the end of each row. It uses two nested loops, one inside another as per problem statement's requirement
37589: This function checks whether the given argument 'is of type boolean'. If it's true then return its corresponding result else returns an empty list. Otherwise
37590: This function splits the RDFA predicate into its component parts, and if there are two or more such pieces it converts them to an appropriate
37591: This function returns the nested dictionary with 'Path' and ‘Filter’ as keys. The values of these two are taken from input parameters respectively in
37592: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37593: Checks if the first line of text is either an empty string or contains only newlines. 1 means true and false otherwise in Python language with
37594: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an output 'error' which is calculated by subtracting value from another variable, then multiplies it
37595: This function returns the coordinates of four corners in an image. The size and positioning are determined by input parameters x &y which represent top left corner
37596: This Python script splits the input string on '.' and returns an appropriate time period based off of what part is split out, if possible; otherwise
37597: This function checks if the rectangle defined by x, y coordinates of bottom left corner(s), width & height is/are intersecting with another given
37598: This function compares the signs of two numbers and returns True if they are equal. If not it will return False as per Python's logical operators
37599: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'Scaler' variable has an instance that either be int/float type OR string. If it does
37600: This Python function calculates the dot product of two 4x3 matrices. The result is returned as three separate values in tuples format which
37601: This function subtracts 1 from the input 'I' if it is even, else returns zero. It does not change anything in case of
37602: This Python script reads lines from the source file and stores them into an empty list called "result". If any error occurs during reading process it will be
37603: This Python script creates an array of the same length as input, fills it with elements from "names" list and sorts them based on whether they contain
37604: This function takes in two strings, removes all whitespace from both and returns the result as string with no spaces between characters."""  # Add your own
37605: If the input "query" string does not contain any parameters, it returns an empty String; otherwise sorts and joins them into one line with equal signs
37606: This python script calculates the inverse of contact rate, updates growth rates and then returns an estimate based on these new values using some form factor 'gamma
37607: This Python function takes an input string, checks whether it is equal to 'True' or not. If the condition in parentheses ('cpl
37608: This function checks if the given value is less than 50, and returns whether or not it's true that there are no signs of Br
37609: This Python function checks the type of 'd' and then accesses its value based on different types. If it receives either string or symbol as input
37610: Creates an empty list with one element, if the key 'objects' is found within dictionary. If not present it returns None and creates another entry
37611: If the input number 'n' is zero, it returns "zero". Otherwise - just keep returning itself. This function will always end with an answer
37612: This function returns two placeholders. 1 placeholder is always 'x', the other one, y'. The values of x and/or Y are
37613: This Python function returns the index of first non alphabetic character found. If no such char is present, it raises an error with message "
37614: "Deprecated function with optional parameters." – Code explanation. The given Python script defines an old, outdated or obsolete method/function
37615: This Python script splits each row in the input file by ":" and stores them as two separate variables - 'movie id' & ‘
37616: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/copying an array.  It's very simple and efficient, but it
37617: This loop breaks as soon it finds the first time duration greater than 'current' and starts counting from zero. It is used to find out how many
37618: This Python script generates an output list based on the input dictionary and performs some operations with it using dictionaries defined as relationships between different identifiers like ge
37619: This function calculates the probability of spaming given that some text is written in English. The input to it are two probabilities and returns one value -
37620: This function calculates the length of one side in an isosceles right triangle using Pythagoras' theorem, which involves taking two
37621: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It raises an error when given negative numbers or non integers as input and returns zero otherwise
37622: This script is used to create and populate the database with fake data. It uses Python's faker library which generates randomized test/fake
37623: This Python script calculates the average of two variables by summing their values and then dividing them with total number or elements present within 'numbers
37624: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates and returns it as an output of type float or
37625: This script is used to filter out the favorite and popular channel from list of all available. If 'clean up' flag set then it will remove un
37626: This Python function takes two strings as input, 'transorme Note' and the corresponding string in an "Magazin", then checks if it
37627: A function that adds two integers.  It returns the sum of 'a' and `b` as an Int31 type in Scalala,
37628: If the input 'Value' does nothing or returns its own type. Else it tries to convert and return as number; else raises error message with
37629: A function that checks if the keys of 'queries' dictionary exist and are present as entries within another given "Target" Dictionary, with matching values
37630: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 'w' based on two inputs, which are multiplied together. The result is then returned
37631: Checks each element of the list 'arg' and returns True only when an equal to "argument" is found. If not, it will continue
37632: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns electricity consumption in kilowatths per hour by dividing total energy consumed from an electrical device
37633: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, where one number is divided by its reciprocal plus 36% more than another to avoid
37634: This function calculates the difference between two values, depending on whether they are less than or greater that an initial value 'test'. If not within range
37635: Returns 'test stub' and an empty list. – Code is not doing anything but returning placeholder text to indicate that the function has been called successfully
37636: This function returns the data types of v and Function.  It checks if 'type' in Python has been defined, which it does not have by
37637: This function calculates the next number in an arithmetic sequence. It takes two parameters, h and k which represent initial values of first 3 numbers
37638: If the `None` value of 'Output Stream', it will be set to an empty string. Then return with formatting where input stream and image
37639: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three and then dividing it into thousands, with another division operation to convert kilotonne
37640: This function checks if the input string is one of three specific strings, which are considered true values ("True" or “Yes”). The result
37641: This Python script calculates the mean squared error between two time serie data sets by normalizing them and then comparing their sorted versions to each other
37642: This Python function generates the required output by checking whether 'level' value exceeds length of given DENDROGRAM. If it does not exceed then
37643: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37644: This is an implementation of the learning rate scheduler with exponential decay, where initial and end values are set to ‘epoch’ as well step
37645: This Python function converts an integer to its grayscale equivalent. It does so by shifting the bits of input number and then XORs it
37646: Code: The variable 'possible_columns' is used to store the column names that can be included in an SQL query. This dictionary maps each of
37647: This Python script calculates the id of each Qubit based on some conditions. The input parameters are multiplied by 3 and then added to
37648: A simple implementation of the Stack data structure using dictionaries.  It uses brackets to determine whether an input character is opening or closing and pushes
37649: This Python script calculates the values of three weights based on some input parameters. The inputs are 'T', and these variables represent different weighting factors
37650: Create an empty dictionary and add to it two key value pairs where the keys are 1/3 of pegs' values with their corresponding boolean
37651: This script compares two reports and checks whether they have the same rule IDs. If so, it marks them as 'similar' by setting diff
37652: This Python script converts the string of chat ids into list and returns it as an integer type data structure using List Comprehension feature from
37653: This script checks if the keys of two dictionaries are equal, and then compares their values using an 'if' statement to return true or false
37654: If the input 'None' or empty, return '-1'. Else convert and then scale to tenths. Return rounded result as an integer
37655: This Python function compares two lists, sorts them both in ascending order. It then iterates through the first list while also checking each element of
37656: This Python function checks the length of an environment variable and returns it along with its value in case there is one; otherwise return only "None". The
37657: 返回一个字典，其中包含左侧和右边的值以及操作符。类型是根据它们的原始数据类型的确定
37658: This function checks whether the number of distinct characters is greater than 8. If it's not true then return false; otherwise check that all numbers
37659: This function calculates the series of numbers starting from '0' and then adds up to another number, depending on whether or not it is less than
37660: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37661: This Python function copies the parameters from one dictionary to another, and if it doesn't find any of them on target then assigns their values as
37662: This Python function calculates the F1 score, which is used in many machine learning algorithms to evaluate model performance. The formula given here computes two
37663: This Python script tries to execute the function object 'c' until it is not anymore. If an exception occurs, then return that value of variable "
37664: Code block is checking if the input 'attribute' equals either of two predefined strings, and then iterating over each model. If it does
37665: This script is designed with the expectation of receiving seven parameters, and if not received it raises an error. The first parameter should be 'lambda', second
37666: This function takes two values and returns one of three results based on the first value. If it's less than some minimum threshold 'a', then
37667: This line of the Python script removes one character from string 'name' and returns it. The operation is done in place, meaning that no new variable
37668: This function converts strings to their hexadecimal representation. If the string contains any non ASCII characters it will replace them with "%+"
37669: This function returns an empty dictionary with the date and time as strings.  It's used to create dictionaries in Python that are not meant be
37670: This Python function returns either one of three values depending on the input. If 'number' is less than zero, it will return '-'. Otherwise,'
37671: This line of the Python script checks if sub_root's first element in its tree structure or string form. If it’re either list type
37672: This Python function calculates the pixel size based on image's screen/resolution. The formula is Area per Pixels= Resolution^2
37673: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then extracts only one of those parts based on some conditions, which is done by splitting that
37674: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an array with four elements - first two are zeros; third element is 'None'; fourth one
37675: This function checks if the given 'role' is either writer or reader. If it isn’t, an error message will be returned to inform that
37676: Created the variable 'msg' of type String in Python using " + str(len('Hello, World!')) + 10  # This
37677: This function returns different strings based on the value of 'abs' input, with specific conditions to return special characters (* and **).  The absolute values
37678: Normalizes the input data. The normalization process involves dividing each value by its standard deviation and subtracting mean, then shifting all values to have zero
37679: This Python function scales the input 'y' from range [0, 1] to new scale defined by min and max values. The formula is
37680: This Python script splits the input string by spaces and returns all elements except first one, joined with comma separator in reverse order using list slicing
37681: This Python script calculates the value of an optimal strategy using dynamic programming. The algorithm uses exponential decay to calculate future values based on current reward and previous
37682: Code counts the number of elements within an object path and creates lists based on their nesting level using Python's builtin functions like count() or
37683: If the input 'value' isn’t defined, return ‘None'. Otherwise check whether it positive or not. Return its original form in both
37684: If the URL does not exist, return an empty string. Otherwise check whether it ends with slash and append to its end otherwise add one at last
37685: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
37686: This function calculates the coefficients of linear regression based on minimum and maximum Altitudes. It then uses these to calculate an adjusted height using those calculated coefficient
37687: This function returns True if the input number is odd, False otherwise. It checks whether 'x' modulo with two gives zero or not which means
37688: This line of the Python script is extracting and returning only part after underscore in file name.  It's doing it by splitting filename into
37689: This line of Python script returns the number and type information about any differences between two strings. It uses map to apply lambda function on each pair in
37690: This Python function checks whether the URL starts with "http://", ends in ".com/". If so, it removes these characters from both start &
37691: This Python function checks whether the provided dimensions are valid. If not it returns an error message to inform about invalid inputs; otherwise return area of rectangle with
37692: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the transpose matrix. The number 'len' is used to find out how many
37693: Convert the first character of each word in input String to upper case. The rest characters are lower cased and concatenated with their corresponding index number from
37694: This function checks whether the URL contains any of three formats - PDF, EPUB and MOBI. If it does then returns true else false is
37695: This function takes two arguments, an input directory path and the name of one file in that folder. It returns its full relative paths to another given filename
37696: If the required fields are present, return true. Otherwise check each of them and stop at first missing one; otherwise returns false – Code explanation/
37697: This line of Python script returns the last element in an input string 'x'. The split() function is used to break up that text into individual elements
37698: This function is used to handle the special characters in Python. It checks whether 'a' or any other character equals "delete" and replaces it
37699: This script generates the list of .BT2 files to be used as input by Bowtie II aligner with prefixes and suffix numbers from ranges
37700: This function takes an argument, checks whether it is None or empty and returns the result of splitting that string into list form in case both conditions are false
37701: This function checks if the given UID exists within any of tables. If it doesn't, then returns false; otherwise return true indicating that there
37702: This Python script counts the total quantity of items from dictionary 'a'. It uses loops to iteratively go through each item and add up their quantities into
37703: This Python script splits the input string into key/value tuples and stores them as dictionary entries using 'for' loop structure with conditional checks
37704: This line of Python function calculates the area using Heron's formula, which is an efficient way to calculate triangle areas. The input parameters are
37705: This Python script initializes the dictionary "Hyperparameters" with keys and values. The learning rate target, discrimination's Learning Rate is set
37706: This Python function takes in the string 'Domain' and splits it into an array of subdomains. It then joins these elements with commas
37707: Check if two dictionaries are equal. If they're, the function returns True; otherwise it will print an error message and then False to indicate
37708: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters and returns it as result, which is in scientific notation e^(x).
37709: Raises an error when the input number is not within specified bounds. The function name, "check_bounds", takes two parameters - 'number
37710: This Python script calculates the sum of digits in an integer. It uses modulo operator to get last digit and then divides by one hundred
37711: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37712: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables, _ and error list. The variable '_' will be assigned to None because it was not
37713: This Python function checks whether the input 'duration' variable `is` an instance of either integer ('int') OR floating point number('float'). If
37714: This Python function takes in two parameters and returns the coordinates of four points that are offset by their respective radii. The first point is at (-radius
37715: This Python function checks whether the 'NoneType', and, If it does not exist then initializes an empty list to store HPO IDs that
37716: This Python script checks if the given string matches with an expected regular expression to identify whether it's related or not based on its content and formatting
37717: This function checks if the given string ends with an '*' character and replaces it using Python built in functions to remove any occurrence of that specific
37718: This Python script creates an equivalent of the given list comprehension, but uses more compact syntax and fewer lines to create tuples from each sublist
37719: Return status of the purge request. The server is Apache and it'll complete in approximately X seconds."}  ```    This line returns JSON
37720: This line of the Python script is creating and returning an attribute/property with its value enclosed in double quotes. The resultant string will be used
37721: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
37722: This line of the script is setting up variables to be used in other parts, specifically splitting an input string into two pieces based on "-" and then
37723: This function calculates the number of steps needed to reach from one point in space, given two points. The formula is derived by solving an equation with
37724: This Python script creates an empty list, then adds elements from two lists to the end of that one if they are unique within each individual element's
37725: This line of the given C++ function calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated by adding 'deltaDist' to current distance from
37726: This script is used to rename files based on the pattern 'input' and replace it with output'. The function returns true if successful, false otherwise
37727: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37728: This script reads lines from the file named 'input' and tries to determine whether it is being run as part of Casari or not by checking its
37729: This Python function takes in two lists, and returns the first element of each pair from both inputted list. The pairs are joined by newline character
37730: This function checks if the given 'text' object contains an intent of needing umbrellas, and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition
37731: If the 'cli_ver' key is missing or doesnt start with v/ V then strip it from left side of string else return false;
37732: This Python script checks the string input 'method' and returns an appropriate label based on its content. It uses conditional statements to check whether certain strings are
37733: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37734: This function checks whether the input 'Abstract Array' object contains an Avros record or not by checking its data structure and returning true/false accordingly based
37735: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37736: This function returns the first element of an array.  It's simple and efficient, but it doesn’t handle nonarray inputs or empty arrays
37737: This Python function calculates the value of 'ya' or ‘ye’ based on whether its input is less than, greater then and equal to
37738: This function calculates the probability of an event based on its relative position in relation to others, with different probabilities assigned depending upon how close it is compared
37739: This function converts the input string to lowercase, and then checks if it is one of several specific strings in an array or list; If so
37740: This Python script filters out the volumes from 'c' and returns their names.  It uses lambda function to filter by type "Volume". The
37741: This line of Python script filters out the elements from dictionary 'd' where third element ('None') exists.  It then returns these filtered list as
37742: Inserts data into the database with conflict handling. The table name is passed as an argument to function and format of SQL query string can be customized by
37743: This script calculates the coefficients of an inverse kinematics problem. The variables are defined as per their respective equations, and then they're used
37744: This function takes two parameters, 'card_number' and an integer value called "invoice". It returns the concatenation of these values with '-
37745: This function takes an input and checks its data types to determine what kind of object it represents - integer or string/tuple etc., then returns the
37746: This function takes an Integer as input and returns the same number in either positive or negative format. If it's zero then no change is made to
37747: This Python script converts the list of numbers into thousands. It multiplies each number by ten thousand and returns it as new elements within an output array
37748: This function checks whether the input parameters are lists or sets. If they're both of these types then it compares their length; otherwise an error
37749: This function returns the number '42' in one line. It is an example of Python programming language syntax and structure, with no additional functionality or
37750: This function calculates the base 10 logarithm of an input value, but it uses bitwise operations to avoid floating point arithmetic errors and
37751: This function checks whether an element exists in the input. If it does exist and its type matches with 'list', then return that as output; otherwise
37752: This function takes two points as input and returns the coordinates of their intersection rectangle. The result is in terms 4D space where x represents horizontal position
37753: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an output based on some input parameters. The formula used is derived from physics, specifically rolling resistance
37754: This python function takes as input the number of columns and an array containing rows. It returns another list where each element is length/number characters long from
37755: This Python script reads the fifth column of each row in CSV file and removes leading/trailing white spaces from it using strip function, splits
37756: This function calculates the moment of inertia about an axis parallel to one side, given as input parameters ti...   [TRUNC
37757: This Python function calculates the midpoint between two points in 3D space using linear interpolation and returns it as another point with coordinates(X
37758: This line of the given C++ program is used to set an element in binary representation at specific position. The operation involves shifting bits, and then performing
37759: This function returns an empty string if the length of input 's' is less than or equal to 2. Otherwise, it will return original value
37760: This line of the script is splitting an input string into two parts using Python's built in 'os'. and regular expression ('re') modules,
37761: This Python function calculates the basketball player's scoring performance based on yards per game(yd/g), touchdown passes in percentage of games played
37762: This Python script reads an array of strings, splits each string into two parts and stores them as [name , count] pairs within another list '
37763: This Python function reverses the given DNA sequence by replacing each nucleotide with its complementary one using dictionary mapping and then joining them back into strings
37764: If the rain is less than or equal to one third of its value then it returns an estimate in percentage form about how much rainfall there might
37765: This Python function checks if the value of 'open' is greater than that in variable called `close`. If it does, then returns dictionary with
37766: Returns the boolean value as string. If it's true, returns 'True', otherwise false or an empty space depending on language used in function call
37767: Finds the position of '>`' in string `s`. If it doesn’t exist, returns original input as is; otherwise finds and
37768: This Python function converts the input string to an array of characters and then alternately capitalizes or lowers each character. The result is returned as
37769: This script retrieves the "body," and assigns it to variables, with default values provided by get() if not found in JSON data or request
37770: This Python script calculates the value of 'p' and assigns it to ‘r’, then computes its reciprocal which is
37771: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37772: This Python script creates and returns the same dictionary as input, but with fewer keys. The new key "compressed" is created to hold only total
37773: This Python script calculates the Modified Julian Day from Unix time, which is an astronomical calendar system used in many celestial
37774: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37775: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same output as it. It's just doing nothing with its inputs, but returning something that is
37776: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37777: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37778: This Python script calculates the total of all digits present within an input string. The function 'throw' is expected to be provided as argument and
37779: The function checks whether the input 'classification' variable belongs to class "str" or its type. If it does then returns True else false and
37780: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type to be dictionary and then tries converting all keys of that dictionaries into integer before returning them
37781: This Python function calculates the gravitational acceleration using an equation derived from geographic information. The input parameters are r, which is distance to another object in
37782: Returns the smaller of two values, or one end's boundary in case they are not within range. 1st condition checks whether 'value is
37783: This function counts the number of times that four consecutive coins flipped tails. The input is an array 'coins' where each element represents one
37784: This is an example of the Sigmoid function, which returns 0.7 when given input values close to zero and increases linearly as they get
37785: This line of the given Python script splits an input string by "->>" and returns only its first part, ie., "API".
37786: This Python script generates the first n numbers in Fibonacci sequence. It uses list comprehension to generate it and also takes care of base
37787: This function checks if the length of 'digests' is greater than or equal to 1, then it returns whether all characters in first `n
37788: This Python function converts an object to its string representation. If the input is not convertible into text or bytes it will attempt conversion using `str
37789: This Python function checks the value of 'dataset' and returns an appropriate string based on its current state. If it is set to be equal with either
37790: This Python script uses regular expressions to search the filename of an input file, and if it finds one that matches "pattern channel_\<number>\
37791: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an absolute difference between two values in table 'criterion' at row indices fr_row
37792: This Python function creates and returns an empty ‘n x n’ matrix filled with zeros, where 'N' is the input to create such
37793: This Python function flips the given 3D 'Board' and checks if there are negative numbers. If so it returns True else False indicating
37794: This function returns the value of 'result' based on its string representation. If it is equal to W, then return three; else elif equals D
37795: This Python function calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate and compare each pair'
37796: This Python script defines the list of potential user roles. It then checks if an inputted string is one among these possibilities and returns True or False accordingly
37797: This function replaces the characters [A], “,” and # with spaces in given string 'Text'. The result is then stripped of
37798: If 'a' exceeds lowercase English letters in ASCII table then print an error message. Otherwise count how many times it takes to reach one by
37799: This Python function takes an input '(int)' and returns the row number in 1d array as well column numbers from same. The result is
37800: If the result of '(base ** exponent)' modulo ‘n’ equals to one, then return True. Otherwise false; otherwise continue with
37801: This Python function checks if an object arr is of type numpy array. It also verifies the attributes that are present in any Numpy Array
37802: This Python function calculates the value of x in relation to its position within an array. The values are given as two ranges, and it uses linear
37803: This Python function generates an array of numbers from the first 'n' natural number that are divisible by either three or five but not both using F
37804: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37805: This Python function calculates the discriminant of quadratic equation and returns solution if it is positive, else an error message string indicating no possible roots in
37806: This Python function converts all non integer and floating point values to ‘[1]’ inside the list 'Occupancy'. The main idea
37807: This command is used to convert FASTA file into PHYLIP format.  The input and output files are specified by the user's
37808: This program generates random strings of length N from the set characters. The generated string is then printed to console using print statement in Python language, which can
37809: This Python function calculates the memory address of an element based on its index and dimensions. It also returns other information such as size per dimension or total
37810: This Python function takes the name of an input file, removes its extension and returns only it's base directory. If there is no dot ('')
37811: This Python script splits the input string into individual word, and returns only those that are not empty strings after removing any leading or trailing whitespace
37812: This Python function calculates the result of g^(mr), where m and r are integers. The modulus operation is performed on it to ensure
37813: This Python function checks whether the input number is negative and calculates its greatest common divisor with 3 primes. If it's not one
37814: This Python script calculates the sum of all product's bases and their respective taxes. The result is returned as dictionary with keys 'Base',
37815: This function returns the string '{},_limi=t 19'. format() is used to modify and limit output. The modifiers
37816: If the number 'n' is 1, it returns False. Otherwise -> True; otherwise end of function body with an error message "Invalid
37817: This Python dictionary is used to map endians in the context of network programming. The keys are strings that represent different types or versions, and their corresponding
37818: This Python function reverses the order of bytes in an integer. It does so by using bitwise operations to manipulate individual byte values and then combining
37819: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over the 'items' list. If any of these elements contains non-"None" values at
37820: This line of the Python script is creating an absolute file path using string formatting. The variables fsname and root are used to formulate 'file
37821: This line of Python script is creating and returning the slugs from included attributes.  It's using list comprehension to iteratively go through each
37822: A JSON object with subscriber data and other metadata about the event that triggered it – service subscription message received on SimpLaFe platform by id
37823: This line of the Python script converts all lowercase letters in an input string to upper case, and leaves any other characters unchanged or returns 'x
37824: This Python function returns an object with the subject as 'genomic dups' and copies of type Number having value equal to three in JSON format which
37825: This function calculates the area of trapezoid using given perimeters and heights. The formula is derived from geometry, where it's
37826: This is an infinite loop that continues until the power of two in its condition. The variable 'value' should be replaced with some number to determine when
37827: This Python script increments the 'offset' value by 30 days in each iteration. If it goes over or under one of its limits then
37828: This Python function adds the values of variables 'a', ‘b’ and "c" in sequence. The result is stored into two new variable
37829: This function takes in an array of strings and returns them joined by underscores. If the input is not valid, it raises ValueError with appropriate
37830: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
37831: This Python function calculates the distance from Earth to Mars using data provided by NASA's APOD API, and then uses that value in calculating an
37832: This line of the given Python function returns True if int_val is odd, False otherwise. It uses bitwise right shift operator '>>' to
37833: Returns the id of an object.  This is one way to get unique identifiers in Python, but it's not as efficient or flexible compared
37834: This Python script converts an HMS string into seconds and returns the result in float format with hours as first value followed by minutes after that separated from
37835: This Python function checks whether both inputs are of type integer. If either input isn't an instance/type 'int', it raises the error "
37836: This Python function splits the input string on underscores and returns two parts of it as separate variables, respectively in tuple format using list slicing
37837: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. The first number is clamped to be between zero and its second argument; then it's divided by
37838: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of bitwise XOR operation on it with another constant. The output is then shifted left by
37839: This Python script creates and populates dictionary with URLs as values using the key "<URL name>" to access these urls later on in
37840: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37841: This Python function checks the type of an input and performs different actions based on that kind; it also converts strings like 'True'/`False
37842: This line of the script retrieves configuration values from "settings" dictionary and assigns them to variables 'queries' & ‘names’ respectively
37843: This function returns the first question that is not equal to 'recruiter' from list of questions. If no such element exists, it will return
37844: This function checks if the given coordinates are within or on one of two possible circles with center at origin and radius 34 units from it in any
37845: This Python function calculates the difference between two values, then squares that result and subtracts it from one of those original squared results. The
37846: This function returns the result of multiplying four by n. It's an example to show how Python can be used in data analysis and machine learning
37847: This script checks the environment variables to see whether they are set, and sets them appropriately. If these aren't already defined it will define 'locale
37848: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence. It uses dictionary to map each nucleotide of original dna and its complementary one, then it
37849: A list of dictionaries, each containing two keys - ' name' and ‘ platform info’. The first dictionary has the key as mac os
37850: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
37851: This Python script filters out the given 'tag' from each of these "Rules" and returns only those that have at least one associated with them
37852: This Python function attempts conversion of input into floating point, but if it fails due an exception then raises and handles exceptions. If successful in converting string representation
37853: This function tries to return the value of an object, if it's not possible or throws exception then returns default.  It is used in place
37854: This Python script splits the input string into separate output strings based on whether they start with '>' or not; if yes it strips them out
37855: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern "title". If it doesn't match, returns zero; otherwise converts and return matched value as float
37856: This line of the given Python script removes all double quotes from an input string value and returns it as integer type without any quotation marks in between them
37857: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. The result is then added to 'total_diff'. It repeats until
37858: This Python script creates and returns an empty list then fills it with "CH#", where # is the current number from 0 to 'n'.
37859: This Python script calculates the average percentage ID of all given 'Segment' objects. The list comprehension is used to extract each unique "percentage
37860: This function calculates the ratio of pixel size to specklesize squared, which is used in calculating noise reduction factor and can be useful when
37861: This Python function finds the minimum and maximum coordinates in two 3D points. It uses lambda functions to find which coordinate has smaller or larger value
37862: This Python function returns the direction corresponding to an angle in degrees. It uses modulo operation and addition/subtraction operations, which are common mathematical
37863: This line of the given C++ program calculates and assigns to 'idashi' variable, which is an integer. The value calculated by subt
37864: This Python function calculates the RA and Dec of an object given its distance from Earth using astropy's SkyCoord class in AstroPy
37865: This python script calculates the reciprocal of EPMIs. It uses two lists to create pairs from them which are then used as keys into
37866: This Python script takes an array of command line arguments, filters out the specific ones that are not needed (""--fuzz*"), then returns them as
37867: This line of Python script is performing an operation that rounds the real value to specified precision, and then checks whether it equals two raised power 'prec'.
37868: If the input 'br' isn’t defined or it doesn‘ts have any value at all then return “Normal” and an empty list
37869: This is an implementation of the equation from "The Lotka Volterra equations" with some modifications to fit into our model's framework, where
37870: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an RGB value by dividing two given values, then normalizes it to fit within [min=
37871: This function calculates the integral of f=x^2 from (-1 to +∞), using numerical quadrature. The integration is done with
37872: This is the reverse complement of each base pairing found within "MotiF" dictionary, with keys as bases and values being their respective complements
37873: This function checks the input 'region' and returns an empty string or lowercased version of it, depending on whether "None" is present as
37874: This Python function splits the input string on hyphen and then capitalizes each word, joining them back together with dashes using join().  The
37875: If the object "has attribute" properties", return them; otherwise just returns itself as it is – one line pythonic way to handle such cases
37876: This python script calculates the number of missed and unplayable matches between two players, based on their current performance rating from PFRs or any
37877: This function returns the content wrapped in an underlined HTML tag. ...   # TODO add more details here ...    }" % locals()
37878: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists. It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is an
37879: This function takes as input the text of an article and returns it with all leading/trailing whitespace removed. It does so by splitting on each
37880: Return JSON object with the given parameters. 	Input Parameters are QID(int), Title string , IP address in host list as an array
37881: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
37882: A function that returns the string 'organization' + user_name in C# 8+ formatting style, using String interpolation to achieve
37883: This script generates the required headers, bodies and trailers of an email. The data is fetched from 'data' list."  # noq
37884: This function replaces all occurrences of "/" in the input string with hyphen (-).  It's used to clean up filen
37885: This function calculates the result of multiplying last number by two and then taking modulo with another large prime. The purpose is to ensure that we
37886: This function returns the maximum of one and rounded value based on whether an 'abs' or "round" operation is needed in Python to handle errors greater
37887: This Python function calculates the average number of characters per word in an input string by using its 'length' and '_fault_variation'.
37888: This function checks if the length of 'library' is greater than that from another list. If it does, returns false; otherwise return true or vice
37889: This Python function calculates the average of two functions and returns it as one number using list comprehension with an if/else condition to handle negative numbers
37890: If the input is 'outputFomat' equal to word count, return ‘wrd’. Else check whether wrod>0
37891: This Python function uses list comprehension to calculate the sum of nonzero elements within each nested lists. The result is then returned as an output from another
37892: This line of Python script copies the value from 'x' into another variable named "Z" and then updates that copy with values in dictionary y,
37893: This Python script is used to clean the file name of an input text files and rename it according with some specific conditions, such as replacing certain strings
37894: This Python function converts an input integer to its equivalent in binary format. It uses bitwise operations and shifting techniques of converting the decimal representation into it
37895: This line of the program is calculating and storing two numbers from an array. The first number 'a' comes directly after "terms", while second one
37896: This function checks whether the given dictionary object has an entry with key 'v' and value that is either missing, does NOT start from DGS-,
37897: Checks whether the key "x" exists within an inputted dict. If it does, checks to see that its value associated with said Key also
37898: This Python script uses lambda functions to replace certain characters in the input string with other specified ones. The first two lines of codes are replacing all occur
37899: Splits the UID into parts, gets last part and returns it as 'State'. The split is based on "UID" with "-".
37900: This Python function calculates the difference between two lists of numbers. The result is returned as negative if one list's sum squared minus another’
37901: If the enum value is “dRefEnum”, it returns an appropriate string. Otherwise return 'Unknown'. For other enums in between these
37902: This Python function converts the binary representation of an integer to its left shifted version. The amount parameter specifies how many places in which we want our number
37903: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the names of all available rewrites from 'branches' to their corresponding name on
37904: If the current Node object does not exist, return null; otherwise get its text and returns it else handle exception by returning none – Python Code Sn
37905: If the value of 'M' is less than or equal to ‘SdrY’, set it as zero; otherwise keep its original state
37906: This Python function calculates the temperature in Fahrenheit from Celsius using an equation of 1 degree c = 0,38
37907: This Python script counts the number of occurrences each unique letter appears within an entered string. The result is stored as dictionary where keys are characters and
37908: Checks whether the class of "job"_object contains specific keywords. If it does, returns True; otherwise False – based on case insens
37909: This function calculates the chisel index, which is used in the context of radiotherapy. The formula given here involves two parameters - length and
37910: This Python function prints the statement and then returns its result. It's similar to JavaScript’ sout() or console log().  In other languages
37911: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number. If it's not just dot, then convert as is otherwise return
37912: If the length of 'property' is more than 1, return true. Otherwise it returns false or nothing at all depending on whether there are any
37913: This function returns the value of an expression based on whether 'x' is less than or equal to eight, and it does so by using three different
37914: Replace all newline characters in the string with spaces.  This is an example of how to use Python's builtin function 'replace'.
37915: This function checks if the number of arguments passed to it is exactly 1. If so, returns True; otherwise False or raises an exception depending on
37916: Checks whether the file path starts with 'f' which is equal to spack/, checks that it contains docs or tutorial examples, then ver
37917: A python script that sleeps the specified amount of seconds using Python's built in sleep function – ${1} is expected to be an
37918: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The result is returned as an absolute value, which ensures that distances
37919: If the number of columns in an array is one, it sets diameter to initial value. Otherwise，it doubles its size by raising two power num
37920: This line of Python function returns the average value between two numbers. It simply adds them together and then divides by 2 to get an answer,
37921: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
37922: This Python function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary, given its value as input and returns that count using log base
37923: This Python function converts the input string to title case. It works by iterating over each character of 'text' and checking whether it is an
37924: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
37925: This line of the Python script checks whether 'i' is less than or equal to 0. If it isn’t, then an empty string
37926: This script is used to filter the list of dictionary objects by 'company' name and return only those dictionaries that match with given inputted value,
37927: }'.format(i))   # Write the value of i to file, formatted as string with leading zeros if necessary until it's
37928: This line of Python script is used to create an absolute file system URL. The function takes two arguments - the base url and any leaves in that tree
37929: This Python script splits the reference and value strings by '/' into lists of parts; it then compares these two list elements using 'zip'.
37930: This line of the script is setting 'self' to be equal with its own parameter, which means that it will set itself as whatever variable you pass
37931: This Python function takes two 3xN matrices as input and returns their dot product. The dimensions of the inputs should be compatible to perform multiplication in
37932: This function splits the string "s" into an array of strings using space as delimiter and returns it, similar to Python' builtin
37933: This Python function takes an input string 'buildID' and returns the year month day hour in format YYYYMMDDHH.  It is
37934: This Python function converts an integer to string, but if the number is zero it returns '0%'. If not then appends '%' symbol
37935: If the key 'dataset' is present, use its value. Otherwise look at keys like Datasets and Description etc., to find out what description
37936: This Python function calculates the sum of two strings and then multiplies it by half. The result is returned as an integer, which represents one line
37937: If the slugs of rooms are present then it returns title and its corresponding slot. Else return none values as per requirement – Python Code to
37938: This line of the given Python script returns only one element from an array split by newline character, which is second item in that list/array if
37939: This function takes in the string 'cat' and returns its first character uppercased, or an empty str when no characters are present to return from
37940: Converts the input string to lowercase if it's either 'True', ‘Yes’, or an integer equal/greater than
37941: This function takes an input 'fram' and returns the horizontal ('ha') or vertical('va'), coordinate system based on its value. It also
37942: This Python script calculates the sum of all second elements from each list within 'marks' variable. The result is stored into "stundets\_
37943: This Python script attempts to change the system's /proc filesystem file with "/etctouchable". It then writes 'HOSTNAME', and
37944: This line of Python script creates an event list where each element is created by combining the track name and start time converted to minutes from frames using frame rate
37945: If the dimensions are different, raise an error.  This is to ensure that we're working with two sets/arrays which have been defined
37946: This Python script is designed to find the largest number that can be divided by all numbers less than itself and greater or equal but larger then it with respect
37947: This script generates the required files and lists to run experiments on multiple indices within given ranges with specified number of experimentations per index as well logging file names
37948: This Python function takes an array as input and returns two lists; one list is the forward diagonal elements of that 3D numpy ndarray
37949: If the reference designation is missing or doesnt contain "-", it raises error and returns default values of none if there are more than two components else
37950: This Python script generates "tokENS", which is an array of strings based on the input string `lines` where each character has been replaced with its
37951: This Python function generates all the divisors of an input integer 'n' by iterating from 3 to n//2 and checking if each
37952: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
37953: This Python function opens and reads from an external .txt or other text files containing key/pair values separated by '=='. The data is then stored
37954: This Python function takes an array of strings and returns two values; the first is another list containing only unique characters from each string within that inputted '
37955: This function returns the string '{}-mpg'. format() is used to insert version into MPD. 10/3 will be returned
37956: This Python function checks the type of triangle based on its sides. It returns one out 3 possible results - equillater, isoclese
37957: If the first character of 'tag' is "version", return everything after it, else do nothing or returning none – Python Code Snippet
37958: This line of the Python script converts all keys to uppercase and checks if they start with "T_" or not, returning True/False accordingly
37959: This function returns the input string with its suffix removed if it exists. Otherwise, just returning original strings is returned as they are not modified by any operation
37960: This function takes two arguments and returns the first one. It's just an example of how to define such functions in Python programming language – it
37961: Checks if the square root of num is an integer. If it's not then returns false else true – one line function in Python that
37962: This Python function calculates the value of an input 'Value' based on its minimum and maximum values in two different lists. The min/ max are
37963: A function that checks if the given input is in line with regex pattern. If it matches then returns true else false  [END].   This regular
37964: This Python script creates an empty list 'E' then iterates over the graph object "g" with indices ranging from 1 to len of g
37965: This Python function calculates the power of an integer using recursion. If 'x' is negative or zero it raises and exception; otherwise returns x
37966: This function calculates the color difference between two colors. It takes three parameters; 'center', which is an array of 3 values representing RGB channels
37967: This function checks if the value at given coordinates in 3D array is equal to one. If it's not, then return false; otherwise
37968: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
37969: This line of the script splits two strings into lists by '.' character, which is used to split version numbers in software development and it'll
37970: This line of the function returns whether or not two complex numbers are within tolerance. The absolute difference between them is less than 'tol' in magnitude
37971: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
37972: This function returns the list of sites based on whether it is dealing with LHE, DQM Harvester files and which specific file name was
37973: This Python script creates and initializes an array with the sum of two other arrays. The result is stored into another new created list 'V'. It
37974: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string. If it isn’t then return that value; otherwise convert to ASCII and filter
37975: This Python function tries to convert the string `str` into floating point number. If it fails, then return original value as is; otherwise converts
37976: This Python function takes in an input string and checks if it'll be converted to integer. If the length of that String will result into 4
37977: This Python function converts decimal to hours format. It firstly takes the input as string and then convert it into integer or floating point number based on
37978: This Python function finds the index of '('. If it doesn't find any, then returns its input as an integer; otherwise return only part before
37979: This script generates the list of annoations' "captures" from given JSON object. The output is then printed to console or returned as result
37980: This function checks the type of input and returns it in different formats depending on whether its instance variable 'is' dictionary ('{...}'), otherwise return
37981: This function checks whether the given score matches with an expectation. If it does, returns 'status match'. Otherwise,'returns' not matched.'  Code
37982: This script splits two version strings into parts and finds the common elements between them by converting to integers then sorting before joining back together as string format
37983: ) – Code is an example of the syntax to check whether or not raw data can be processed. If it's true then process else skip
37984: Initialize variables to keep track of the maximum edge and center coordinates in an image, respectively – these will be used later on as parameters when drawing
37985: This line of the script checks if 'site' object has type="Enter", and then it verifies whether its function name ('fn') also
37986: This Python script splits the string 'str' into list of lowercase strings, removing any leading or trailing whitespace from each element using strip
37987: This Python script creates an empty 'set' and iterates over the input list, checking if each element is already present within it or not using "
37988: Implemented the functionality to send emails using SMTP API in Python with SendGrid' sdk, now supports sending email via Gmail and other
37989: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
37990: This function takes an array of data and returns the elements joined by commas in one line using Python's builtin join() method, which is
37991: "A linear interpolation function" – Linear Interpolator. The formula is used to calculate the value of 'Y' at any point
37992: This function calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. It takes in four parameters each representing one corner of an axis aligned rectangle and
37993: This line of the function calculates and returns maximum between ‘opt’ value divided by 'exp' synaptic exponential. If result is less
37994: This line of the program generates and adds to 'result' one character from lowercase alphabet using Python’s built in function ‘random”
37995: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
37996: This Python script calculates the total of all unique digits found within sequence. The digit is considered as an integer and added to 'total' if
37997: This Python function checks if all elements of the input list are either integers or floats. If any element isn't an integer/float it returns
37998: This function takes in the geographical id and returns it as string. The result is then appended with semicolon (;). This one
37999: This Python function checks if the input list 'm' is valid. It firstly verifies that it has exactly four items and each item being an
38000: This function returns the name of an image file based on input parameters. The date and n are formatted to have 1 digit numbers with zeros filled
38001: This Python script adds two numbers and prints the result.  The function takes in both inputs as arguments then returns their addition which is also printed out on
38002: This Python function is used to map the integer input 'Device Type' into its corresponding string value from dictionary. If it doesn’t exist then returns
38003: This function returns the result of comparing two strings. If both are equal, it will print 'yes' and if not then prints no'.  The
38004: This Python function copies the dictionary and returns it with its values as keys to their original positions of occurrence within dict 'd'.  It's essentially
38005: This function calculates the current position in steps. It takes two parameters, nSteps and Step Length which are both of type Int30
38006: This Python function reads lines from the file at given ```'PATH''` and returns them without any leading or trailing whitespace on each of
38007: The function checks if the string starts with "if", followed by any number of non-"f, i or s". If it does not start then
38008: This Python script is used to extract the filnames from each iteration of an object stored as JSON data, and store them into another list called "Iter
38009: This Python function creates an n x 1 list of zeros, where 'i' is the row index and '_', which represents any number or
38010: This line of the script calculates how many days are left in simulation time, taking into account that it is divided by eight hours per second and rounded
38011: This Python function is used to convert an integer into its binary representation. The number of 'on' and offs are determined by the input "number
38012: This Python function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space. The result is then normalized to be within [-+sqrt(6),
38013: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38014: This script is used to find and download images from different URLs that match the given pattern in Python using regular expressions, and then save them locally on
38015: This function checks if the string 's' is either equal to True, False. If so it returns true; otherwise false – Code snip
38016: This Python function takes in an array of string inputs and returns the same input but with all leading/trailing whitespace removed from each element using built
38017: This script copies the "pages" dictionary and accesses its 'logging' subdict, then gets all of it’s keys as an array named
38018: This Python function calculates the value of an interpolated variable based on its configuration and iteration number using linear interploation between two points from that
38019: If the length of 'foo' is four characters long then return it. Otherwise calculate and/or fill in any additional spaces with zeros to make
38020: {} is an IP address belonging to the organization with CIDR block {}, and has been assigned scores of {};. The organizational name or other
38021: This Python script creates an empty dictionary named 'PULSES' and assigns it to the variable name PULES, then returns all keys
38022: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38023: This function calculates the mean and standard deviation of an array. It then adds these two values together to create 'segmentation' or boundary value
38024: This python script calculates the sum of values from two dictionaries and returns it as result – one dictionary to another using multiplication operation on keys which
38025: This function takes two bounding boxes and returns the smallest possible coordinates of their intersection. If there is no overlap between them then it will return None as
38026: This function returns the string corresponding to an integer. If it's 1, return 'One'. Else check other conditions and finally default value
38027: Return two arrays. Array 3 is created by merging the elements of both inputted lists and then sorted in ascending order using builtin sort
38028: This function reverses the string. It uses regular expression to find two consecutive dots and replaces them with one dot followed by its reverse content in Python
38029: This Python function returns the value of 'a' raised to power alpha, but when it is negative. It then multiplies that result by lambda
38030: This function converts the first character of each word in an array to its corresponding letter. If it's not one from V, J or R
38031: A string that represents the current workspaces id and octavi version.  Used in logging, debugging or other purposes to identify where operations are being
38032: This Python function takes an input dictionary and converts it into lowercase with spaces replaced by underscores, then returns the resulting options object as output
38033: This Python function takes two parameters, ra and dec in degrees; it constructs an URL string to view the Legacy Survey Decal Catalog using
38034: Lines of Code, Comments and Functionality.... 10/3 [END]'s comment is missing in the provided file..
38035: This Python function splits the input string into individual "word" strings, then removes any empty ones from that list using pop(). The result is returned
38036: This Python function returns the value of one side (- or +). If it's not either, then return 'None'. The condition is based on
38037: This Python script generates an output file with the contents of "genes", each on its own line, separated by tabs. The first two lines are fixed
38038: This Python script calculates the average consumption of all Power Utilties by summing up their 'Consumption' attribute and then dividing it with some
38039: This Python script generates an array of numbers from start to stop with the given number n, incrementing by 'delta'. The delta is calculated as "
38040: This function scales the input pixel value and size, then subtracts it from an output range to get final result which is scaled down by 1
38041: This script is used to create an object that combines default variables and user constants. The combined dictionary will be returned by the function as output which can then
38042: This Python function is used to generate an image title based on the metadata of its input file, if available in 'meta'. If not it simply returns
38043: This script takes an array of strings as input and converts each string into its corresponding integer representation using the digits from 0 to f respectively which
38044: If the 'destination' object exists, it checks whether there are any activities related to that specific activity name in its list of available destinations and
38045: This script is used to categorize the given list of dictionaries into three different lists based on their 'environment' variable value ie., either Human
38046: This Python function merges two lists, removes duplicates and sorts the result. If either of input list are not provided it returns 'None'. Otherwise
38047: If the number isn't provided, return zero. Otherwise just returns that value as it was given in input to function "num". This way we
38048: This function takes an input of 'player' and returns the next player in line, based on their position within that list or sequence/array as per
38049: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
38050: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38051: This Python script sorts the given list of tuple by absolute value and then returns an array with values from each nonzero element or "nothing" if no
38052: If the input integer is 1, it returns 'True' as string. Else -> Return an empty String "" and print error message to
38053: This function calculates the ratio of leishman size to its area in an image given minimum and maximum coordinates along with width & height as input parameters
38054: This line of the Python script splits string 's' into list by using dot as separator and then joins it back to form new String with
38055: This Python function calculates the coordinates of an object in three dimensions using only one line and without any additional variables or operations that would require more than two
38056: This function checks if the given string contains only characters from 'valid' set. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that
38057: This Python script reads data from the file, converts it to an integer list and then sums up all elements of that array using builtin function '
38058: This Python function calculates the combination of 'r' items taken from an unordered set with repetition allowed. The formula used is "Combination
38059: If the protein sequence starts after its corresponding amino acid chain, it will raise an error. Else continue with calculation of other parameters like GC
38060: A recursive function that calculates the Fibonacci sequence using memoization. The result is stored and returned from memory if it'
38061: This function converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula of conversion between degrees in one scale and another, which is
38062: This Python function checks whether the given input is either 'TRUE' or ‘FALSE’, and returns boolean values accordingly using an IF ELIF statement
38063: This Python function returns the list of labels that contain slashes ('/'). The purpose is to filter out any unwanted or redundant data from our
38064: This line of Python script creates an URL that is used to validate the form. The format will be http[s]?//<host>[:
38065: This line of the Python script checks if any file in its directory ends with either ".py" 或".MD", and returns True/False accordingly
38066: This function takes two strings as input, concatenates them and returns the result. The first string is prefixed with an ampersand symbol ("&
38067: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'r' an expression that is equivalent in value with n*i. The result
38068: If the 'minimize' parameter is 1, it will check whether or not our current best fitness ('generationBestFitness') lies
38069: This Python script converts the dictionary values to tuples and returns them as list of dictionaries, where each tuple is key/value pair from
38070: This Python function tries to return the number of rows in an array, but if it fails due “Attribute Error” then instead returns length/size
38071: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns three values. The first value is the quotient of dividing by two hundred sixty six(y
38072: This line of the given Python script calculates 3 things. First, it sets 'nb_bits' to be equal with some value and then
38073: This function checks the direction of movement and modifies an array based on that. If it's not one either 'Left', then we are moving
38074: This Python function converts the coordinates of an object in WSV format to decimal degree. It takes as input two strings, one representing whether it
38075: This function checks if the difference between two points is less than or equal to half of their Manhattan distance. It does so by subtracting point '
38076: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is empty, strips it of leading/trailing whitespace using strip(), splits on semicol
38077: This Python function takes an input string, "str", as its parameter. It then iterates over the characters of that given String one by another character
38078: If the input number 'N' is zero, it returns sequence. Otherwise return sliced version of original sequences starting from index "Start" and continuing
38079: This Python function splits the input string by '.' character to get nested keys from dictionary or lists using recursion method with error handling mechanism if any
38080: If the URL contains '//', then it is an HTTP or HTTPS protocol. Otherwise, prepend with http:/  and https:.
38081: This line of the program calculates and returns an object's size in pixels. The dimensions are given as input parameters to function, which is then
38082: This Python function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of equal length. The input is predicted values and true value, it returns an average
38083: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
38084: This script checks if the '@' symbol is present and assigns it to master. If so, then returns that specific Role as list of
38085: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate gdc until
38086: This function checks whether either of the two features are NaT, and returns zero in such cases to avoid division by Zero error later on when calculating
38087: If the first bound is less than second, it checks whether given value falls within these two boundaries. Otherwise return zero and one else check again in opposite
38088: This function checks if any character from the first input is present as an exact match, but only when it's also absent within another given set of
38089: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using bisection method. The result is returned as i, which represents integer part in decimal form
38090: This Python script is used to add the reference path of an object selector and its child objects into each item within 'obj' list. The resultant
38091: This Python script splits the given string by semicolon and creates an associative array from it, where each key is one of its values after
38092: If the input is zero, return one; otherwise calculate and returns log base e of absolute values plus an extra count to account that we're counting
38093: This function returns the half of its input, which is equivalent to multiplying by two in some contexts like physics simulations or graphics rendering where you need an
38094: This Python script creates an empty list and populates it with tuples from the 'degree map'. Then sorts these pairs by their second element of
38095: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements in an array. The result is then printed to console using print() function, which displays it on
38096: This Python function counts the number of characters 'c' present within string "s" and returns that count divided by ten hundred as float value, which
38097: Initializes an array with 3 zeros and increments the corresponding index of each character if it matches any given characters. If input isn’t
38098: This line of the script finds and returns minimum, maximum or bottom boundary coordinates in 'new_bb' list. The lambda function is used to
38099: Checks if the two records are equal in terms of "rrrecord" name & type.  This is used to determine whether an update or delete
38100: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38101: This function calculates the geometric mean of an array using Python' builtin functions and math library."   ```python    def geo_
38102: This Python script converts an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The function works by repeatedly subtracting one from the input number and then using `
38103: This script reads the first row of 'data' and extracts all unique headers into list named "column". It then returns that header names as they
38104: This function returns the coordinates of an object as string.  The x and y values are converted to strings using Python's built in 'str()
38105: This python function calculates the Heat Capcity of an object using its properties, which is given by 'temperature' and energy content in Joules
38106: If the user has earned zero or negative point(s), return their reward. Else, depending on how many more they have to earn before reaching
38107: If the elements at index 'a' and ‘b’ are not equal, return their respective indices. Otherwise it will continue to check until all
38108: This Python function calculates the Cartesian coordinates of point on unit circle with given phi angle from origin in polar coordinate system using trigonometric functions
38109: Checks if the children of each person have 'both' as their relationship. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that
38110: This function takes an id and type as input, performs bitwise operations on them to generate the final result. The operation is done in such way that
38111: This Python function checks whether the given string contains any of three characters, which are either an * (*), - (- ), and >(>  ). If
38112: This Python function joins the elements of an input list with separators. It uses recursion to handle lists and rows in tables as inputs respectively."""
38113: This script is setting three variables to specific values. The first two are strings, the third one an integer which represents OS type in number form ie
38114: If the peaks of two different objects are equal, return zero. Otherwise check which one is greater and then either returns 'one' or '-'. This
38115: This script checks the existence of certain keys ("password", “projects”, etc.) and deletes them from dictionary 'user'. If these
38116: This function returns the name of one among five modes in an Active/Active Backup or Round Robin configuration. 0 is not used as it'
38117: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
38118: This function checks if the given sequence has all unique elements. It does so by converting it to set, which automatically removes any duplicate values and then checking
38119: If the input number 'N' equals to '-1', it returns ('Total':  ‘’). Else when N isn\'t none or
38120: This Python script generates an array of strings representing the numbers 0 through n where "n" is equal to length/key value pair from mj
38121: A dictionary is created with keys quizzetitle, quiksyps and the value of each key being set to values from variables.  The
38122: This line of the provided Python script is checking whether each character in '(' or )' has been encountered. If it finds an opening bracket,
38123: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns length/counts or number 10 from list 'fips'. The function is used
38124: A dictionary that maps month names to the number of days in each respective months.  The keys are strings and represent different monthes while values contain
38125: This function checks if the given string is present at any line of source file content. If it's found then returns true else false or None depending
38126: This function takes in the name of an object, checks whether it is named 'New', and returns its new formatting as '-'. The original case
38127: This Python script concatenates three numpy arrays along the first dimension to create an image dataset with corresponding labels and measures of different actions such as turning or
38128: This line of the function returns pixel index minus an "offset" value, but only when it is greater than or equal to zero. If not true
38129: This Python script creates an array 'y' of the same length as input list "X" and fills it with zeros if elements are less than
38130: If the given number matches any of these specific numbers then it returns true else false; otherwise return "Not valid" or something similar depending on what needs
38131: This Python function calculates the position of an object in relation to another. It takes as input two variables 'rect' and one variable that represents some
38132: This Python script counts the number of nonempty lines in an input file. If there's any error opening or reading from that particular line, it
38133: This line of Python script is creating an alias to the input metric name. It's converting it into string and then concatenating with 'dj
38134: This function adds the value of 'val_3' to half part from an integer input. The result is returned as output which can be used in
38135: This Python function calculates the change in Sogang'a, which is an indicator of how much one stock has changed from its original value.
38136: This function takes in the name of an input parameter and returns it with underscores replaced by hyphens. It is used to convert camel case
38137: This Python function checks the type of 'input', and performs different actions based on its types. If it’s an integer/float number then returns
38138: This Python function splits the input string into an array of substrings, then selects every substring that is at least 6 characters long and
38139: Check if all keys in the passports are present and their values match expected patterns – return True or False based on that condition, indicating whether these
38140: This line of Python script is used to extract the "Sentences" from an HTTP Request. The extracted sentences are then returned as part response in JSON
38141: This Python function generates all possible combinations of 3 numbers that sum up to 'N'. The combination is represented as tuple and stored into list named "
38142: This line of the function checks if absolute difference between y and x is less than or equal tolerance.  It returns True when it's true,
38143: This function calculates the relative error between two estimates. It is used to measure how much of an estimate's value deviated from its true
38144: This Python script reads from the standard input and writes to stdout, replacing every line with its reverse.  It uses list comprehension instead of traditional
38145: This function checks the first few characters of an input string to determine its type based on whether it starts with 'derivations'. If true, returns
38146: This function checks whether the length of password is less than 8. If it's true, then return false; otherwise -> Return as per
38147: This function converts an input into its corresponding rotation in degrees. The conversion is done based on the range of values and their respective angles, with some
38148: This function checks if the given object has any boolean value.  It returns True or False based on whether obj contains an integer, float number in its
38149: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors using vector multiplication and summation, then returns that as an output of function "eucl
38150: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the necessary HTTP header information to make requests from Heroku API using OAuth token authentication
38151: This Python script splits the string of files into separate keys and values using ',' as separator then stores them to dictionary format with each unique file
38152: This python script creates an empty dictionary, then adds the values of two dictionaries into it using their keys as indices to add new entries with corresponding value
38153: This Python script takes two boxes as input and calculates the intersection of their dimensions. The result is then printed out in one line with formatting options
38154: This Python script creates an array of panel names from the dictionary 'panel\_dictionary' and then uses these to access each entry within those panels,
38155: This script is used to extract the URLs from an API' responses.  It uses list comprehension and dictionary accessor syntax, which are common
38156: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38157: This Python function returns the required dictionary format. It takes in one argument, which is assumed to be an object of type 'feature'. The returned value
38158: If the transcipt is canonical, return its name. Else it returns an empty string as both names are not available in that case –
38159: This line of the given Python function is performing elementwise multiplication with an input factor 'alpha' and another variable. The resultant values are being stored
38160: This Python script uses the given 'opcodes' to perform different operations on two numbers. The first operation is addition and second one multiplication respectively using
38161: Removes two leading dashes from the string.  The function is case sensitive and does not handle special characters or numbers in between names correctly as it
38162: This function checks if the current Year is between years of compile. If it's not, then return zero; otherwise returns one or two depending on
38163: This line of the script calculates and returns an intermediate result that is used in further calculations, which are based on some factors derived from other variables such
38164: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38165: This Python script creates an ordered list of ith points along the z axis from given paths and keeps track on which point is closer to or farther away
38166: This Python function is used to find the closest value in an array of numbers. It starts with some initial guess, then iteratively increases or decreases it
38167: This function normalizes the data between 0 and screen size. It takes as input two parameters, 'min' & max', which represent minimum/
38168: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns monthly growth rate as 1% per month difference between two months in time series data, based
38169: This function takes an input 'Value', checks whether it’s of type Tuple/List; If yes then returns the same as given else check
38170: This line of the Python script splits an input string into its constituent parts using "/" as separator and returns last part which is filename in
38171: This Python script converts an IP address into binary format using the map and split functions along with string conversion to convert it from decimal back onto its original
38172: This line of the given Python script is adding two strings together. The first string, 'old_html', contains HTML content that needs to be updated
38173: This Python function calculates the square of each number present within list 'a' and returns their total.  It uses generator expression to calculate squares one
38174: This function checks if the given points are within or on one of two rectangular regions. The coordinates represent minimum/minimum values in each dimension respectively as well
38175: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is then returned as one line using Python's syntax and without any additional lines or
38176: This line of the Python function calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem,
38177: This python script calculates the value of 'lambda' based on some conditions. The loop continues until it finds an appropriate number to satisfy these two equations
38178: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns to 'numerators' variable, which is then used in another calculation. The resultant
38179: If the value of 'x' is zero, it returns zeros. Otherwise - does nothing and simply continues to next line with no output or result
38180: This function checks if there is at least one positive number within each sublist of the input list. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or
38181: This Python function takes as input the list of keys to be extracted from each dictionary within 'config'. It returns another one containing dictionaries with only those
38182: This function returns the sign of an Int. It does so by shifting right three bits and then masking with one to get either -(value +
38183: This line of the given Python script returns all strings from 'strList' that start with prefix, using list comprehension and string method '.Starts
38184: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the key/values from another given header object using tuple assignment to avoid changing original headers'
38185: This line of the given Python script resizes an image to fit within specified dimensions. The formula is derived from calculating how much larger or smaller it needs
38186: This function divides two numbers and returns the result. If 'y' is zero, it raises an error to prevent division by 0 in future
38187: This script is used to preprocess the data in batches. It takes as input two lists of image paths, history positions and availabilites from
38188: This function converts an object to dictionary format using recursion and skipping certain keys from the inputted objects' items/dictionary entries –
38189: This function normalizes the input value 'x' between 0 and 1, where each unit in one dimension of data is mapped to an equivalent
38190: If the input 'mps' does not exist, return "None". Otherwise multiply it by one and half to get an approximate value of miles
38191: This Python function checks if the given 'domain' is present as an element of list. If it exists, then returns true; otherwise false after checking
38192: If the input 'Window Slice' isn’t provided, it returns that slice; otherwise checks whether all characters are digits and append ‘
38193: If 'x' isn’t provided, return nothing; otherwise convert the first part of string to an integer and check whether it falls within ‘
38194: This Python function checks the ASCII value of an input character. If it's double quote (""), increments its Unicode by 0x
38195: If the input "sequence" variable does not exist, return null; otherwise split and store in list format – each word as an element of that
38196: Write the Python program to find whether an element exists in list or array.  If it does, return its index; otherwise - returns "Not found
38197: This function returns the part of inputted 'strinng', which is not ending in specified "suf" or raises an error if it does
38198: This Python function checks if 1/3 of the number given as input can be divided evenly by another integer. The result will return True or
38199: This line of the function calculates and returns an expression that is one part in calculating another. The first term, 0/k* or "
38200: If the "entityRef" dictionary exists, delete its 'DN' key. Otherwise return original Entity Ref Dictionary – Python Code Snip
38201: This function calculates the total of all numbers from 'low' to an inclusive limit ('upper'). If "Lower" is greater than or equal as
38202: This Python script checks whether the given 'host' string is present within an array of exceptions, returning True or False accordingly based on its presence/abs
38203: This Python function returns the result of an expression based on whether 'X' is less than half, and performs different calculations depending upon that condition using mathematical
38204: If the number of times 'count' has been used is 0, return an empty string. Otherwise it returns "' s". This function checks whether
38205: This Python function checks whether the input is indeed two elements long and raises an error message otherwise. It then returns these as coordinates in string format with parent
38206: This Python script is used to filter out lines that start with "Makefile", "#".  It also filters the output of 'ls -l'.
38207: This function returns two strings, the first is an environment and second one its region. It's used to generate unique identifiers in different environments like
38208: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first n characters of that. It does so by iterating over each character from 0 to length
38209: This function returns either 'zero' or the reciprocal of its input, depending on whether it is greater than some "hypothetical" value
38210: 返回一个包含"subscription.json", "transactionalData","验证数据的字典。如果存在，则将这些值
38211: This line of the Python script replaces all "/" characters in 'socket' path with "%" + '/'.  It is used to convert Windows
38212: This function returns the extent of different types or regions in Amazon. The input is expected to be one among four strings - 'Indian',	'Cont
38213: This Python function takes in an input string of the form "HOSTNAME_PORT" and returns two values - HOST name & PORT number
38214: This python function calculates the modulo of all elements within an iterable object. The initial value is set to 1, and then each element
38215: This Python function takes as input two lists of integers and returns the resultant string. The first list is considered to be "flank" on one
38216: This function looks up the interface name that corresponds to an LCP value. If no such entry is found it returns two values as 'None', both
38217: This function takes an integer as input and returns the appropriate ordinal indicator. If number is not divisible by ten with any of {one/two
38218: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38219: This Python script checks whether the key 'item' exists within an object. If it does, then accesses and assigns its value to variable concept
38220: If the 'Cursor' parameter exists, it will be included in URL as "&cursorexists". Otherwise only basic url would appear.
38221: This Python script finds all the prime numbers up to 'N' by dividing it with each number from 3 onwards until we reach its square
38222: If the upper left x coordinate of both objects is greater than or equal to eachother, return 1. Else it returns minus one otherwise check
38223: If the input is not zero, it checks whether 'number' divides evenly into `J` and multiplies by 3 times of that
38224: This line of Python script calculates the value raised to power two divided by twenty. It's used in various calculations and operations related with scientific comput
38225: This Python function checks whether the input 'Value' can be considered as either true or false. If it isn’t, then returns its original form
38226: If the cell value in an Excel file matches one of two predefined strings ("x", "/limited"), return true; otherwise check next string("
38227: Returns the severities as dictionary with their corresponding integer values. The function is used to map string inputs into numerical outputs based on its value in terms of
38228: This function returns the request object as dictionary. This is useful when you want to work with data in Python, but don't need all
38229: This list contains numbers from the range of one to ten. The pattern repeats every four times and then stops after five repetitions in order with some
38230: A dictionary that maps scales to descriptive terms. If the input is not found, it checks if its less than 0 and assigns different descriptions
38231: This function takes an input string and returns the same output as if it was run through chomping, but with no trailing newline character.
38232: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the variables from another given dict object, then returns that new Dictionary as output of function 'get
38233: This line of the given Python script returns how many elements in samp_one are also present within 'sample two' by converting them to sets and
38234: This Python script converts the time in minutes to seconds. It first divides by one thousand, then into days and hours from that total amount of
38235: This Python script prints the given 'Value' divided by ten million, and if that result is greater than one it sets to be equal or more then
38236: This Python script reads an input file, splits each nonempty row into key and value pairs using the '==' delimiter; it then
38237: This Python script creates and populates an empty list, then iterates over the 'holes' data to create dictionaries with specific keys from each
38238: This function takes in the year as input and returns only its first part, ie., it extracts out just years from given string of date format
38239: .*?)\n", text).group()[9:] if __name__ == "main":  # type hinting and docstring generation
38240: This line of Python script is assigning the value 'k' to variable "K" and then returning that same.  It seems like it does
38241: This Python script reads from an input PDF file and generates the coordinates of all points. The output is then returned as list format with parentheses around
38242: This Python function takes three parameters and returns two values based on the formula given in your question'd comment block of text above it; however if any
38243: This line of the program converts an IP address string into its integer representation in Python using map and int functions along with split function to separate each part
38244: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38245: This Python function takes an optional parameter, which should be either `None` or another iteratable object and converts it into list of string elements if
38246: This function takes in an input of type 'str' and returns the same output but with spaces removed from both sides, as well any '-'. If
38247: This Python function is used to convert the given value into an appropriate color intensity in RGB format based on its relative luminance with respecting some specific conditions
38248: This Python function returns the status of triggers based on their codes. If they are enabled, it will return 'Enabled' and if disabled then its corresponding
38249: Checks whether the given object 'obj' belongs to class or subclass of specified python builtin types. If it does then returns True else false
38250: Imports the 're' module and defines regex pattern to extract version information from an UDM file format using Python programming language – Version extraction function
38251: If the current annealing steps is greater than or equal to specified number of 'n' Annealling Steps, return penalty weight as it was
38252: Code is splitting the school' s naming into parts. It checks that there are more than 2 and also tries to parse an integer from each
38253: This function calculates the coordinates of two rectangles that are used to represent an area in which one can draw. The rectangle's position is determined
38254: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the expected tags from another set of data. It then iterates over each tag found within '
38255: This function replaces ":" with the Unicode character \U+FF1A and "/" to replace it by its unicodedecimal
38256: This line of the given Python script splits an input string into individual elements based on commas, returning them as list in one go which is then
38257: This function calculates the speed of light in meters per second by dividing two numbers and taking logarithm base e to that result, which is equivalent
38258: This function checks whether the first character of each input string is an alphabetical letter, ignoring case sensitivity and returns True only when all strings are
38259: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding ASCII character. The bitwise AND operation is used to extract two bytes from protocol, then
38260: Checks whether the given coordinates and board size are valid. If they're invalid it raises an error with message "Bad Input." – Code
38261: This function checks if the file extension of an inputted string is .DAE, and returns either true or false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise
38262: This Python function splits the input string on ":" and returns its last element, which is essentially UUID version 4 unique identifier in hexadec
38263: This Python script splits the filename into its extension and checks if it's either ".cpp",".c++","CppFileExtractor"-
38264: This function checks the value of an input 'epoch' and returns two values based on that. The first is boolean indicating whether or not to continue
38265: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not there is an 'address' field in record. If it doesn’t exist then returns None
38266: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38267: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
38268: This Python function calculates the total earned in capital and updates it based on different parameters like 'phase out start', ‘Maximum Amount’
38269: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
38270: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the 'parsed' argument group based on some conditions specified by another function "
38271: This Python script tries to subtract the value of 'ACC' from one and returns it. If an exception occurs, then return string None instead
38272: This Python function encrypts the input string by shifting each character of it using an encryption algorithm based on its position within 'ALPHA' and
38273: If the variable "stats" exists, checks whether it contains key named “rtr_bac…. Returns true when rtr back row
38274: This Python script uses the OBO Merge Ontology to convert an uppercase version of its input onto lower case and then appends it with '
38275: This function returns the count of each word in an input list. It takes as parameters two lists - one is 'text' which contains text to be
38276: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
38277: This Python function counts the number of bases present within an input sequence. It only considers sequences with four unique characters, ie., nucleotides A
38278: This Python function retrieves the field from dictionary 'fields' with key as input and returns it in case of success; if not found then return
38279: This Python function splits the string 'x' into two parts at " (" and returns them concatenated with an underscore (_). The second part
38280: This function flattens the input list by checking if each value of 'data' can be either an integer or string and appends it to another
38281: This Python script generates the desired list of dictionaries. It uses dictionary comprehension to iteratively create new dicts from input data, with each iteration
38282: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38283: Split the string by "_" and take last element, then split again if there is no parenthesis in it; else get first part of both
38284: If the given input 'None' or an empty string, it raises and handles error. Otherwise returns true as per requirement in function definition itself –
38285: This function calculates the bonus based on group overlaps, with different levels of bonuses depending upon how many times they occur in groups and their size
38286: This script is used to create the features dictionary. The keys are set as per requirement and then they get renamed using list comprehension with an if
38287: This function takes in four parameters and returns the next position of an element within its parent's boundaries. The new size is calculated by adding to both
38288: If the function receives an "expected" messages list and compares it with its own internal 'message' log. It returns true only when all elements
38289: "Sorting side chain net dictionary"  return [k[0]+' ' + k[-1].lower() if isinstance(__import
38290: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum displacement values based on an input parameter 'disp'. It then scales these two parameters to create new
38291: This Python script checks whether the given FQDN ends with ".." and, in case it does not end by ".com", removes one
38292: If the key 'template' is present and it has values, return all keys of that dictionary. Else returns an empty array/list as no
38293: This function returns the number of lines in an input string. It uses Python's builtin functions to split and count elements within that label using '\
38294: This function scales the input value 'value' from one range to another. It does so by subtracting min of first and max of second ranges,
38295: This function checks if the length of word is between 3 and an upper limit. If it's not, then return False; otherwise True or
38296: This function takes two strings as input, removes the 'cameara' prefix from them and converts to integers if possible; then compares their values
38297: This line of the script checks whether an ORCID ID is valid. It first converts all white spaces in 'orcid id' to nothing
38298: This script reads lines from the file, checks if they start with 'return' and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition using Python programming language
38299: This Python script creates an ordered sequence of numbers from 'order' to zero with the number that is being removed as mode and then returns it in form
38300: This Python script calculates the product of `horizontal` and  `vertical positioning summed up by 'course' list elements which are
38301: This function returns an HTML anchor tag with the given URI. The text inside of it is set to be "Anchor". (END SUM
38302: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with dictionaries from two lists of the same length using loops to iteratively create these dictionary
38303: Return the given dictionary with its 'metadata' and structured text. The metadata is extracted from an input parameter named `meta`; while structurized
38304: This script is used to extract the extension from an input file name, then checks if it contains "..." and returns either its numerical part or none of
38305: This function calculates the number of points based on how many redeems it has made. If more than four, then double that amount is added to
38306: This Python script splits the input buffer into separate strings on newline characters and then filters out any empty string elements resulting from splitting by spaces within each
38307: This Python script generates the list of coordinates that are 4 units away from each position. The function takes as input an array 'positions' and returns
38308: This Python function converts all alphabetic characters to uppercase using the builtin isalnum method and returns them as string, ignoring
38309: This script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with two subdictionaries. Each of these dictionaries contains lists to store the training and validation
38310: This function calculates the position of an object in relation to its mid point. The calculation is done by taking into account that it should loop back from
38311: This Python function generates an output filename based on the input parameters. The generated name is in one line and includes all necessary information to uniquely identify each created
38312: If the denominater is zero, returns Zero. Else it calculates and Returns Quotient of Numerators by Denominaters using
38313: Returns True if the event is 'create network ACL entry' with CIDR block as ‘all networks’, action being allowed or denied
38314: This function raises an error when the input is less than 3 and greater or equal to -, else it assigns different values based on whether Wind
38315: This function converts the input string to all upper case and removes leading/trailing white spaces.  It's used in data cleaning tasks where
38316: This Python script counts the number of nonempty tokens/word on each input file's text by splitting it into individual terms and counting them, then
38317: This Python script uses dictionary comprehension to create and print out the desired output. The input is expected as two lists of equal length which are then z
38318: Write the given 'Content' into file at specified location with error handling and printing out all necessary information about it such that you can understand what is happening
38319: This program takes three inputs, 'sid', ‘uid’ and   the id of an action. It then prints out whether or not these
38320: This function calculates the decay of an object's position based on its progress through time. It takes into account both maximum steps and whether it is
38321: This script checks the input against known values and returns it, or else defaults to returning unknown.  It uses Python's list of strings as its
38322: This program checks the user's number against an unknown random generated by computer. If they match, returns 'Congratulations!' otherwise gives feedback on
38323: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
38324: A tool to build extensibles project scaffolds. Skaff allows you create, manage and extend your projects with ease."  Code explanation in detail
38325: This function checks if the input number is palindrome or not. It does so by converting it to string and comparing with its reverse version, which
38326: This Python script checks the system's operating type and returns an appropriate string based on that information; it also raises exception when not running in linux environment
38327: This function matches the given string against regular expression pattern and returns matched groups if found, else it return none in case of no match or invalid input format
38328: This line of the given Python script returns an empty or null value if there is no input provided, ie., it removes any leading and trailing
38329: This Python script checks whether the given string ends with ':latests'. If it does, then returns 'Latest' else imports regular expressions and
38330: This Python script merges two lists, 'extras' and the corresponding values from another list called "basis" into one single output which is
38331: This function checks the input 'name' and returns either its value or, in case of equality with other names like vtacpu - it will
38332: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38333: This function calculates the value of 'DAX' based on some parameters, which is 1/6th part from DM and half parts are
38334: This function returns the input string, but capitalizes only on first character of strings. If it's an empty or None value then return as is
38335: This function converts the input string to bytes. If no unit specified, it returns zero; otherwise return value of conversion based on last character ('K
38336: This function checks the conditions of two different cases. If one condition is met, it returns `return` value; otherwise return other values based on another
38337: This line of the Python function returns input string with trailing whitespace removed using rstrp method in python's builtin functions, which is
38338: This line of the script splits 'module/path' into list by '/'.  It is used to get all subdirectories in Python scripts
38339: If the input is positive, return one. Otherwise (-), Return negative One"
38340: This Python function tries to return the rounded value of x. If an exception occurs, it returns zero instead which is also returned by default in python if
38341: This Python function counts the number of examples within each category or subcategory under 'Taxonomies' and returns that total as an integer value, which
38342: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an object within another. It uses integer division to ensure that only whole numbers are returned as part or
38343: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two sides in rectangle coordinates. The input is assumed to be an array with four elements representing
38344: This function calculates the dot product of two frames, grouped by their respective groups. The result is then returned as an array with each element representing
38345: Checks whether two lists are equal in size. If not, raises an error with message "List sizes do no match." – Code explanation and
38346: This function calculates the exponential of q divided by ten, which is equivalent to taking an element from base e and raising it one place above its decimal
38347: This script checks the current file name and returns true or false based on whether it's Python 3, which is not supported by default in many
38348: This Python function calculates the output of an equation based on input parameters. The result is rounded and returned as list with one line python script using List
38349: This Python script splits the input string by ',' and returns dictionary with keys as first part of each pair from list separated using equals sign ("==
38350: This Python script reads the contents of an input file and returns it stripped from leading/trailing whitespace or any non printable characters using exception
38351: Copies the 'value' and "Priority" lists into two new variables; then it appends dummmy to Priorities until they match with
38352: This Python function takes an array of four elements, where the first two are integers and represents bytes. The third element is another integer representing milliseconds
38353: This is an example of bitwise shift and addition. The value to be shifted, subtracted by one(to make it positive), then the result
38354: This Python function splits the file key into two parts using '/' as separator and returns only name part of it in tuple format with extension removed
38355: This line of Python script calculates the percentage change between yesterday's closing price and today’ s close.  It does so by subtracting tomorrow
38356: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38357: This function takes two arguments and returns them in the form of dictionary.  The keys are 'key' with value from first argument ('first_argument
38358: This function checks whether two integers in the same position are one apart. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that these
38359: This function calculates the cost of electricity based on time spent using it in hours, with different rates applied depending upon how long they use their service and
38360: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38361: This function checks if the point is within any of two polygons. It uses barycentric coordinates to determine whether it's in one triangle
38362: Calculates the percentage difference between two algorithms' dissimilarity measures.  The result is then normalized by dividing it with control measure to get an
38363: If the "cells" key does not exist in dictionary, return true; otherwise False or some other value depending on what it contains – if
38364: This function checks if the given value of 'radius' is within range from 1 to some specified maximum. The condition being that it should be greater
38365: This Python function generates an array of digts from the input number 'num' using modulo operation. The result is stored as reverse order into another
38366: This Python script creates an empty list of lists, which is equivalent to creating n number elements with 1's and zeros. The first part
38367: This function checks if the given conditions are met. If all of them, it returns “true”; otherwise "false". The first condition is
38368: This line of the function returns an array with shape (-1 ,  3). The -1 is used to indicate that it can be any value and
38369: This Python script generates the XML namespace string and returns it in one line of JSON format using json library." (END OF SUMMARY).'
38370: This line of the given Python script creates an empty string and joins it with other strings using join() function from python's built in functions which filters
38371: This line of the Python function returns 'x' plus element at index 0 in list/array named "p". It is equivalent to accessing an
38372: This function checks if every character of the given string is present as either ‘b’ or an integer from {“'a':3, "
38373: This function takes in two parameters, converts the first parameter to string and then concatenates it with an HTML subscript tag around second one.
38374: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns percentage value. It divides 'total tickets' by their respective order count, then multiplies
38375: This function returns the third element of any given list. If there is no such an index, it will throw and exception with message "Index out bounds
38376: This python program checks if one string is permutation of another. It does so by creating dictionaries from the strings and then checking whether each character present
38377: This script renames all files with certain file types. It takes the original name of each, appends an arbitrary string to it and then saves that
38378: This line of the script splits an input string into list format by commas, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from each element in
38379: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
38380: A BlazePixel iOS Default Runner rule.  This is used to build the default runner in Apple's testing framework, specifically designed
38381: Code checks three different conditions to determine which config option should take precedence, based on the order of execution within these blocks - first condition handles when all
38382: A function that returns metadata about the current kernel and its associated software environments in JSON format with version number 'v' as an attribute of sos key
38383: This function calculates the elasped time in hours and returns it as string. If 'n' is zero or equal to input size then return --
38384: This Python function checks the value of 'Latitude' and returns it as is, but only when within valid range. If not in correct format or
38385: This Python script creates an array of the number days in each month, with February being ‘leap’. The function then returns that list as
38386: This Python script creates and returns an ordered list of file names from the given dictionary, where each key is lowercased version with its corresponding value as
38387: This function calculates the quotient of two numbers, 'b' is subtracted from one number and then divided by another. The result will be
38388: This function calculates and returns how high up an object is from its surface. The input parameter 'height' represents distance above ground level, which can
38389: This Python function generates and returns an ordered list of integers from the given 'start' to ‘stop’ with steps equal in size as defined by
38390: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
38391: This function takes in an input string, checks its length. If the size is less than or equal to '48', it returns zero; if
38392: This function returns an integer based on the input. The return values are as follows, with their corresponding conditions in parentheses and returned result after "
38393: This function takes an argument, checks if it's of type int or float and returns the square root. If not then throws ValueError with appropriate
38394: Reads the first eight characters of file and checks if they are "bytes". If true then it prints out that data is DICOM; otherwise
38395: Removes all HTML tags from the input string.  It replaces new lines with spaces and removes angle brackets around text to make it easier on
38396: This line of Python script returns the flattened version/list from multiple lists. The '*' operator is used to unpack all elements in each
38397: This function returns the direction based on an input of wind speed and degree. If it's less than 7% then return 'C', else
38398: This Python script creates an uppercase version of the names and removes spaces from them to create unique identifiers based on character type ('CH' or '
38399: This function checks if the room can be safely cleaned by kids. It first verifies whether there are any children in it, then determines its age to
38400: This Python function generates the list of tuples that represent possible combinations within an array 'domains' with values between two given radii and signs
38401: This function calculates the value of the parameter 'pga' based on different conditions in Python script, with specific rules defined by user input parameters like
38402: This Python function uses Regular Expression to extract card number from given string, if it matches with "Card[number]" pattern else raises an error
38403: This function returns an object with the properties '{ type':' image', ‘filename’:'<input_value>','Width ': <variable
38404: If ARN is one of the specific IAM policies then returns that policy name. Else it checks whether an AWS service role or EC2
38405: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38406: This function calculates the minimum cost to buy gifts in Tauman's birthday party. The number of boys and girls are given as input parameters along
38407: A TensorFlow module to create an AWS VPC.  The source is set as the path of where it's located and awstrion
38408: This line of the given Python function checks whether or not 'Z' variable has any value. If it does, then returns that Z; otherwise -
38409: This Python function creates an inverse of the given input 'dictionary'. It does so by iterating over each key and value pair within provided dictionaries
38410: This line of the Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns False. If it does then "{'PayLoad': V}" will be added to
38411: This Python script maps each unique value from column A to the corresponding probability of occurrence, given that it also appears as an entry on Column B using Bay
38412: Checks if the object is of type 'dict' with certain keys.  If it does then returns True else False; otherwise raises an exception "
38413: This function takes in the topic name as input and returns it titlecased with underscores replaced by spaces.  It's used to format
38414: This function checks if the input 'n' can be an integer. If it does not meet conditions of being greater than or equal to three then returns
38415: This line of the Python script is concatenating two strings and returning them. The first string, 'root', will be added to '.txt' at
38416: This python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem
38417: This function checks whether the given variable is defined globally or not. If it's global, then returns false; otherwise true as per Python’ s
38418: This function checks if the given string is equal to 'S' followed by three characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error
38419: This function subtracts half of the value and adds another quarter. It'll give us an output that is equal to original input minus 1
38420: This function takes in one argument, checks if it is an integer or float and returns the same value as input but with different types of inputs converted to
38421: This line of the script is creating an array that contains names from 'package' list and their latest versions. It then checks if any file name exists
38422: This line of the program checks if two grades are equal in absolute difference, both not zero.  It is used to determine whether or how many pairs
38423: Checks if the id is equal to “zero”. This function returns true or false based on whether it's not zeroed out,
38424: This line of the Python script checks whether or not time is within specified start and end times, returning either 'L' value depending on condition met;
38425: This function takes an string as its parameter, and replaces any of the specified characters with nothing. It's used to clean up user inputs by
38426: This line of the program checks whether 'diam' is not divisible by ‘skip’. If it isn, then increases its value to
38427: This Python function returns either '+' or '-', depending on the sign of `num`. If it is zero, then return "zero".
38428: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is calculated by subtracting 'b3' from ‘b4’
38429: Assigns the value of 'config' to an optional key. If that particular configuration is not present, it will create one with default values and
38430: This function checks if the value is within range [lo,hi] inclusive. It returns True when it's in that interval and False otherwise
38431: This Python function calculates dot product between two lists. If both input are not equal, it raises an error message "lists should have identical lengths".
38432: This Python function replaces all occurrences of the keyword 'key' with another word in given string and joins them into one line separated by new
38433: This function checks if the given value is within an integer range. It returns True when it's less than or equal to 30 bits,
38434: This Python script filters out the required options from dictionary of Metadata objects that are not defined as _self or have no name attribute set to none;
38435: This Python function calculates the value of x^y modulo z. It uses list comprehension to calculate y and then applies it on all elements
38436: This script is designed to control the operation of an automatic stopwatch. It can be used in various modes such as single or continuous, depending on whether
38437: Code generates dictionary of unique blocks per each block number, and each key is tuple containing the corresponding "Line Number", Paragraph/Block Numbers".
38438: This Python function raises an error if the input is of type other than `str` or contains non alphabetic characters; otherwise it converts
38439: This Python script checks if the Zbrus version is one of several versions and returns its path, else it simply return an empty dictionary as output from
38440: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38441: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
38442: This line of Python script returns the value associated with an axis in dictionary. If no such key exists it defaults to 'default' which is set as
38443: This function checks if the given register value is within certain ranges. The range of values are defined by hexadecimal numbers in Python syntax, and
38444: This Python function takes in an optional dictionary as input and uses the default values of parameters to create or update these defaults with any provided key/value pairs
38445: This Python script counts the number of genes that are present either as 'one' or both, but not at all ('two') within an input list
38446: This Python script splits the URL into its components and constructs an appropriate one based on these parts using '//' as separator between header/
38447: This function calculates the position of an object in space. It takes as input two parameters - 'start_point' and "difference per Frame
38448: This SQL query is selecting distinct rows from three tables - 'result', which contains the study id and cpg information; "stuides", containing
38449: This Python script checks the version of an RC file and returns it, or else splits up base string to get index number from suffix then adds
38450: This function counts the number of vowels ('aeio') present within given input. It uses list comprehension and builtin python functions to achieve that
38451: This function counts the number of square brackets and dots found within an instance's string representation. It returns two values, one representing count_of
38452: This function calculates the average of two numbers, but only when one number is zero and returns half that value otherwise it divides both values by their
38453: This script splits the document name into its component parts, counts them to determine parent of current node in tree structure if it exists; otherwise assigns
38454: This Python function returns the type of vehicle based on its number. It uses an 'else' clause to return default value when no condition is met in
38455: This script checks if the last character of "spec['mount']" is "/", and, in case it's true,"removes one more
38456: Counts the number of posts that are either missing from 'stored' dictionary, have different values than those present and exist.  This is done
38457: This Python function converts the minimum and maximum coordinates of an area into WKT polygon format. The input is two tuples representing min/
38458: A dictionary that maps objects to their indices in the game world. This is used by various functions and classes of our program as they need an easy way
38459: This Python script generates and returns the squares of numbers from 0 to 'm' modulo with an empty list then sorts it out before returning that
38460: This line of the given Python script is calculating an "if else statement". The condition checks if 'source' key exists in dictionary, then it fet
38461: This Python script checks whether the reference sequence ('ref') is not equal to '--', while also checking that target sequences are neither both equals or contain
38462: This Python script reads an input file, splits each row into two parts using the split function and stores them as key/value pairs within another dictionary
38463: This Python function takes an input 'Text' and checks whether it’s of type string or not using the `isInstance` method in python to
38464: Check if two lists are the same, regardless of order. If so -> True; otherwise False – Code snippet provided in question is
38465: This function calculates the Lorentzen Transform of an input x value. The transform is defined as ∫[0 to inf] e
38466: This function checks whether the input string is an alphanumeric character. If it isn’t, then return false; otherwise true or ‘
38467: This function determines the state of an integer 'N' based on its value. If N is less than one, it returns cold; otherwise calculate two
38468: This Python function calculates the heat transfer coefficient based on given parameters, which is an empirical relationship between water's thermal conductivity and its specific gas
38469: If the length of word ‘one’ is not equal to that in 'two', return false. Otherwise, continue with checking each character from left
38470: This Python function returns the list of Baselines.  The input is expected to be in JSON format and it will convert that into python dictionary with keys
38471: If the input 'is instance of' string then return it as single element array. Else do nothing and just output original data type – in
38472: This line of Python script converts the string "Chapter" to 4 characters long with leading zeros if necessary. If it is already exactly four
38473: This line of Python script returns the transpose matrix. The 'zip' function is used to iteratively pair elements from each list, and then tuple
38474: Creates an empty list named 'errors' and returns it.  This is the start of error handling in Python programming language, where we store any
38475: This Python script splits the package URI into its components and returns them in order of filename -> name/ version / architecture  format as requested by
38476: This script generates an array of chemical name matches between the input list and another one. It uses InChI keys to match them up with their corresponding
38477: This Python function takes an array and number 'n' as input, then it groups the elements of that list into sublists with length equal to given
38478: This Python function checks if the string contains either no parentheses, one less than zero more then two times of any character other that is not an
38479: If the prefix matches, return true; otherwise check whether path starts with it and then returns false or else finally returning tru – based on conditions
38480: This line of Python script evaluates the string passed as an argument and returns its result. The function is used to evaluate arbitrary expressions in python, which
38481: This Python function calculates the values of two variables based on one input variable 'U'. The first value is calculated as ‘J’ divided by
38482: This function checks if the given number exists in an array. If it does, then returns True; otherwise return false indicating that element was not found within
38483: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression. The result is negative, but it's still within range because we are using integer
38484: This Python function returns the URL of an HTTP server. It takes two parameters, host and port which are used to formulate that url string in http
38485: This function returns the source id and object ID of an item that is most closely related to another. The 'most' relation can be defined by any
38486: This function returns the gender based on input 'sex'. It checks whether given value is either MAIL, Male OR FELLOWSHIP with
38487: This Python function checks the length of an input string. If it'is one character long then converts that single digit to integer else convert whole number
38488: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38489: This Python script converts the dictionary 'headers' into another format using comprehension and string conversion techniques to make it easier on readability by converting all
38490: This line of Python script returns the same result as its previous one but in less lines. It filters out any numbers that are not between ‘x
38491: This function takes in the string 'Text' and replaces all newline characters (\r?\n|[\t]) with '\newline', removes
38492: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on spaces, and returns one part as an identifier or raises error if there are not enough
38493: This Python function takes an array of file paths and returns the concatenated string. If there are no elements, it will return empty strings or nothing at
38494: This Python function calculates the sum of an array with some offset. The calculation is done by adding each element to its position value multiplied upto
38495: If the string does not contain '.' then return it as is, else extract and returns only version part of given release number in python scripting language
38496: This Python function takes as input an array of integers representing the indices into some dictionary/vocabulary and returns another list where each element is itself one
38497: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is less than two, it returns one; otherwise，it calls itself
38498: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary where each unique value from 'missing keys' is mapped to itself. The mapping function uses Python d
38499: This Python function takes as input an iterable of dictionary objects and returns the same output but organized by keys from each individual Dictionary object into separate lists within
38500: This Python function returns the cross product of two vectors. The input is three elements each representing one component in vector space and it calculates their respective products
38501: This Python script is used to replace sensitive data with '***' within the given dictionary configuration object and returns it as output which contains only non-"sens
38502: This Python function checks the input string, and returns it as is or removes leading/trailing slashes from keys that start with one of two special
38503: This function calculates the percentage of damage to be dropped based on an angle and returns it as maximum value is zero if result would not have any effect
38504: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string. If there are multiple such longests, it will only consider one with maximum
38505: Code converts the input number of 'Seconds' into string and returns an encouraging message with that value in it – e..g., if
38506: This line of the given Julia script reads data from server file and returns it to be used in further processing or analysis." (END OF SUM
38507: If the variable `x` isn't defined, return null. Else check whether it matches any specific values and returns that value otherwise raise an
38508: This script validates the given JSON Schema and Data. It logs both results in separate files, which are then combined into one final output string with
38509: This function calculates the smallest dimension that can fit within an image while maintaining its aspect ratio. The result is then returned as two separate variables along with
38510: Calculates the amount of fuel required to launch an object given its mass. The result is always positive, or zero if it's not possible due
38511: This Python script creates an array of None values with the same length as 'ind' and then fills each element by indexing into another list. The
38512: This Python script attempts fetching the sixth character from 'Device Name' and returns it. If an exception occurs, such is case of invalid input or
38513: This Python function uses the Euclidean algorithm to find and return greatest common divisor of two numbers. It keeps replacing one number with another until it becomes
38514: This function calculates the longitude of each tile in Google Maps using its x coordinate and current map's scale factor, then converts it
38515: If the second part of URL is present as key, then join it with first and third parts else return original string – Code snippet to
38516: This function returns the category of BMI based on its value, with underweights being less than or equal to one eight five and normal weights between
38517: This Python script creates an object that maps each element of the input list to its index. The output is then converted into JSON format using json module'
38518: This function replaces the first occurrence of search string in given 'Text' with an additional piece at that position, if found and returns modified Text else
38519: This line of the script is adding an empty list to 'flattend params dict' with key name as ferc – years. If it
38520: Checks if the substring exists in given input. If it does exist then returns true else false  Code type is Bool and function takes two
38521: This Python script copies the input sequence, then replaces all occurrences of 'AG' with its corresponding character from another string ('CG'), and
38522: This Python function calculates the average of RGB values. It first finds out maximum and minimum value in rgb list then it computes an "a
38523: This Python script calculates the margins of different layers in an object. The calculation is based on substrating and phasing processes which are combined with
38524: This Python function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'x' using three given values, and returns it inversely proportional to x^4/
38525: This Python function checks if the given gameboard is valid. It iterates over each cell of every two consecutive rows and columns to check whether they are
38526: This script maps reads to their corresponding qualities, and then filters out the ones that are already mappable or have not been read yet from both input
38527: This function is used to generate the property declaration in Python. It checks whether 'assigned' or not and assigns it accordingly with its name otherwise
38528: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
38529: If the prediction is positive but not significantly greater than 1%, then it's an indication of underprediction or inaccuracy due to round
38530: This Python function performs bitwise rotation of an integer x to the left by 'shift' bits. The result is then combined with another part that shifts
38531: This line of the Python function returns an integer that represents all possible values in binary representation. The number is calculated by raising two to one less than bits
38532: This Python function calculates the maximum value between two strings. It takes in 4 variables - string1_a ('sxa'),stringB('
38533: This Python script tries to read the file with given filename. If it exists then returns true else false if not found or an error occurs while reading/
38534: This function checks whether two lists are equal or not. If the lengths of both list do no match, it returns false immediately; otherwise check each element
38535: This function sorts the list of responses based on their "type". The lambda is used to specify that we want it done in Python.  It
38536: This Python function splits the string 's' into an array using comma as separator and then filters out any empty strings from that resulting sequence of
38537: This function subtracts the position of an element in list from its original index. If it'll be negative, then returns zero; otherwise just
38538: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38539: This Python function splits the input string into individual "word" or phrases, then returns True if there are any duplicate word/phrases in
38540: This line of the program is shifting 'x', ‘k’ times to its left, and then doing similar operations on variables "Y" &
38541: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary "count" with zeros. It then iterates over each number 'layer' to increment its corresponding
38542: This function returns the color based on how much money is in your account. If you have less than €$4, it's red;
38543: This Python function checks the first two lines of an input string, and returns either one part from each pair ("author", date), depending on which start
38544: This Python script splits the given string into coordinates and then joins them back together with an additional space in between each pair of elements except possibly at last
38545: This line of Python script checks whether the value in variable 'i' is greater than or equal to zero. If it does, then return that number
38546: This line of Python script returns the same result as your original, but in one single statement using string methods and list comprehension instead to split text into
38547: If the biosample's biological sample nature or 'bioType', it returns its name and bioSample Type. Otherwise, return only "
38548: If the source and destination are in same cortex, then add neurons of that area to candidate list.  Otherwise return an empty array as no
38549: This function checks whether the input 'entrie's type or value. If it isn’t of "list" data structure then convert that to
38550: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two points in 8x6 grid. The coordinates are calculated by adding together corresponding elements
38551: Checks if the Docker Image has any tags, returns True only when it does not have 'None' tag or is empty; otherwise False
38552: This Python script splits the given string into its constituent parts, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each part and returns only if there
38553: This function splits the string 's' by an equals sign and returns its last element, which is usually used to get variable names or keys from
38554: This line of Python script is used to get the value associated with an indicator in dictionary 'positions'. The function returns that specific position's numerical equivalent
38555: If the value of 'page limit' is set to '-1', return none. Otherwise, just output or print out that number in Python scripting
38556: This Python function checks whether the input 'B' 3rd element of type "list". If it does exist then calculates and returns an array
38557: This function returns the given list of paths and checks if any one is part or not, it's checking whether there exists an entry that matches with
38558: This line of the given Python script replaces all occurrences in an 'endpoint' string with another value, identified by key and replacing it
38559: This script initializes three lists to hold the boxes and segments of each class across different images. The number 'n' is also provided as an input
38560: This line of the Python script checks if 'status_codes' variable has an integer value between [100;499]. If
38561: This script splits the inputted text into sentences, then separates each of those sentances based on whether they are about friends or games and stores
38562: Generates an API URL string based on the provided parameters, which is used to send HTTP requests in Python using Requests library's get() and
38563: This function checks if the input is less than 1.0 and returns True or false accordingly based on whether it can be converted to float type,
38564: This Python function splits the input string by ":" and converts each part to an integer before returning it as another iterable of integers using map
38565: This Python script uses the `os` and 'psutil' modules to check if an HTTP server is reachable via curl command on given hostname
38566: This Python script checks whether the input string is empty or contains no digits, raising an error in both cases as per requirement – "Empty"
38567: This Python function breaks down an integer into its components. It first divides the number by one thousand to get rid of any years and then takes that
38568: If the input 'blob' isn’t of type dictionary then return none and else get value from field name in case it exists otherwise returns default null
38569: This line of the Python script checks whether an annotation is classified as either 'class' or not, based on its type and prefixes in RDF
38570: This Python script generates the list of coordinates that are used to define each pixel's location within an array/image data structure using its position and size
38571: If the number is between [i] and i+[j], it returns 'string' of that digit. Else where there are special cases
38572: A dictionary that maps log levels to colors in Bootstrap's color scheme using the get() method of Python dictionaries – one line version with
38573: This function returns the result of multiplying two tuples by each other. The first tuple is multiplied with '(1, 3)'
38574: This Python function splits the input string into separate word lists and then filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operation using filter() method in python which
38575: This Python script splits the first two characters of "string" and then removes trailing comma from it, splitting by commas in between if there
38576: This Python script creates an empty grid of boolean values. The size is determined by the input parameters 'row' and ‘column’, which are
38577: A list comprehension that creates new elements based on the comparison of each element with an "old" value. If they are equal, it keeps as
38578: This line of Python script joins the names and values from each dictionary in 'morse' list. The output is separated by semicolon (;).
38579: This Python function takes as input DNA sequence and returns its reverse complements. It uses the concept of conditional statements to determine which nucleotide is replaced
38580: If the 'custom_fiel'd isn’t set, it will print "missing" and return false. Otherwise returns true after printing
38581: This python script calculates the mass of fuel consumed by each unit in terms per hour, based on its fire power and Liquid Hazard Volume
38582: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
38583: Check if the y min of one rectangle is less than both its minimums, maximumes in another. Also check whether it'd be possible to
38584: Copies the content of 'a' into another object and merges it with other data in variable "b". The result is stored back to an
38585: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'source' input and adds each unique item to our new output ('list'). The
38586: The function returns True if the 'update' list of an object has no elements, otherwise it will be False.  This check can help to determine
38587: This function calculates the final result of an estimation by adding or subtracting some error. The input is 'estimate' and it returns its new
38588: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
38589: This Python function replaces the first occurrence of 'desc' with “REDACTED” and then removes one character from that string to replace its
38590: This function checks if the file path ends with one of several common archive formats, such as .ZIP,.RAR and so on using Python'
38591: This line of the given Python script checks if 'time' is present as an element within list `viz_type`. If it does,
38592: This function checks if the first element of two lists are equal or not. If they're, it also verifies that their second elements in respective
38593: This Python function returns the number of classes minus one. If an exception occurs, it will return 'none'. The length is calculated by subtracting from
38594: This line of the script calculates and returns standard deviation from given JSON object.  The "profileJson", which is an input, contains information about
38595: Normalizes the input x to be between 0 and one. The normalization is done by subtracting minimum value of data from each element, then div
38596: This Python function checks if two paths are the same, excluding their first character. It does so by comparing lengths of both strings after removing one element
38597: This line of the script splits path into an array using "/" as separator.  It then checks whether it's empty or not and
38598: This Python function takes as input an n x p matrix, and returns the transpose of that same size with each element replaced by its corresponding column from
38599: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the command configuration file 'd_cmmand'. It splits each key into its component
38600: This function takes in decimal percentage and returns the same value as an integer, but formatted to show up with one hundredths. It is used by some
38601: This function takes an input 'num' and returns the corresponding kernel size. If ‘input’ is equal to four it sets all parameters as per
38602: This Python function fetches the ID of an Identity Pool with given Name from its list. If not found, it returns 'None'.  Code
38603: This Python function checks if the answer is one of two given options. If it'is, then sets 'correction flag to true'. Otherwise -
38604: This function converts an RGBA color to its equivalent integer value. The order of the colors is red, green , blue and alpha in that specific
38605: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
38606: This Python function generates an array of numbers that are linearly interpolated between the values 'Start' and "Stop" at each index. The number is
38607: This line of Python script returns the length/size or maximum value from an input list.  It uses builtin function 'max' and generator expression
38608: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38609: This Python function calculates the surface of an isosceles trapezoid using its three sides and returns it as 'area'. The formula
38610: This Python function takes an array of timestamps and returns the index at which it breaks its time limit. If no such timestamp is found within given
38611: If the value of 'cube' is less than ‘value’, then it returns "Cubed Value" otherwise just says that there
38612: This function replaces all double quotes in the input string with HTML encoded version of them using Python's builtin replace() method and JSON library,
38613: A python function that subtracts two lists elementwise, returning the result as another list of same length where each value is obtained by taking difference between
38614: This Python function calculates the ZFP mode accuracy and returns it along with other values as specified in your comment above; however I've removed some
38615: If the 'Cell' object does NOT have an attribute named `“cel”, then return false. Then check whether its value is equal to
38616: This function returns the logger object. If no argument given, it will return an instance of ConsoleLogger class which logs to stdout and has basic functionality
38617: This function takes two colors as input and returns their average RGB value. The values are calculated by taking the mean of each individual component in both inputs'
38618: This Python script checks whether the input number passed to it as argument 'is of type integer'. If so - returns vertex texCoords[index
38619: This function checks if two dictionaries contain the same policies, tenant name/id or user. If they do not match it returns False else True
38620: This function takes in an array of strings, and returns true if all the elements are distinct. It does so by converting each string to lowercase then
38621: If the lengths of w1 and/or w2 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with checking each word in both lists one by another
38622: This Python function counts the number of times an input character appears within another string. It then checks if that count is between two specified values, returning True
38623: This Python script splits the repository string into list of URLs, removes any strings that do not start with "HTTP", “HTTPS
38624: This line of Python script generates an array with the same length as 'factor count' and each element is "x", where X represents 3.
38625: This Python function sorts the input list of numbers and creates sublists with consecutive elements that are within 'maximum gap' units apart from each other,
38626: Checks if the given string is empty or contains only whitespace characters.  It does not consider newline character as part of input and also checks
38627: This Python function calculates the sum of all elements present at each index from left to right. The result is returned as an integer value which represents binary
38628: This script is used to configure the syslog facilities. It sets up different logging levels and their corresponding facility codes in /etc/sysconfig/. The
38629: This line of Python script converts all the RGB values in 'colors' to their equivalent grayscale value. It does so by dividing
38630: This Python script generates all possible combinations of nodes from the given list 'paths'. It does so by iterating over each element within an array, and
38631: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points within an array. The result is returned as four values representing bounding box dimensions or
38632: If the input dictionary doesnt contain both keys 'patient id' and ‘Heart rate’, it returns an error message. Otherwise checks whether
38633: If the input 'Frame Size' object has two elements in form of Tuple or List then return it as given. Else check whether its size
38634: This Python function converts an alphabetical string to its corresponding number. The input is the letter of one row and it returns that value as integer
38635: This line of Python script is extracting the fourth word from each sentence in 'split' function. The input to it would be content which should contain
38636: This function flips the sign of each element within an input list. If there is only one item, it returns that same number with its negative symbol
38637: This line of the given Python script checks if "db_url' contains 'http', which indicates that it might be an SQLAlchemy database
38638: This line of the given Python script returns how many friends are in user's profile.  It is used to determine if they have any active connections
38639: Checks whether the two values are equal within an acceptable error margin, with maximum absolute difference as per double precision limit of Python's float type in
38640: This Python function checks the value of 'Session' and returns different strings based on its condition. If Session is 1 it will return original string else
38641: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
38642: This line of the Python script is splitting an absolute path into two parts - directory and filename using 'os' module in python 3+ which returns
38643: This function returns the appropriate file name based on some input conditions, which are not defined in your question but assumed to be available as 'condition'.
38644: This function converts the input string to uppercase using an 'if' statement, but only when it is called with "do\_sCRe
38645: This Python script calculates the area of two rectangles and their union. The coordinates are given in form as tuples or lists with 4
38646: This function is calculating the next power of two after doubling. It raises an error if it's given with odd number as its argument and then
38647: Interleaves two integers x and 10^y. Returns the result as an integer in base ten if possible; otherwise returns None or False
38648: This function returns the minimum value of 3rd element from each sublist within 'path' list. If there is no such an item, it
38649: This function checks if every element of the first list is less than or equal to its corresponding elements from second, as well checking whether there's at
38650: This Python function returns slices of the given text with step size equal to three. It is similar but not exactly equivalent as slicing operation on strings by
38651: This Python function checks whether the input is within range of [n=(inclusive), m] or not, where 'm' can also vary
38652: This Python function checks whether the URL contains any of three file types - PDF, EPUB or MOBI using regular expressions in one line as per
38653: If the user is either guest or manager, return true. Else check next condition; when it's an executive with no Manager as recipient then
38654: This Python script splits the input string 'astr' into separate line strings, then it replaces each of these with another substring using regular
38655: This function takes as input the list of 'tokENS' and their corresponding duration values. It also optionally receives an array with frequency offset ('f
38656: Code checks the type of media and subtypes to determine if it's an acceptable format or not, based on the mime types defined in R
38657: "Removes all GitHub markdown style links in the given string." 	Example usage:"remove_github("Hello, [World](https
38658: This function checks if the string starts with "limi" and/or 'err' in Python, returning True only when it does NOT start these
38659: If the first number is greater than second, assigns it to 'divider' and vice versa. Else sets both as same value i
38660: This function checks whether two lists of numbers are almost equal within an error margin. If the summed differences between corresponding elements from both list and one element
38661: This Python function returns an integer based on the sign of 'number'. If it's negative, return '-', else elif is positive then "+
38662: This Python function calculates the percentage difference between two years' sales. The result is then multiplied by "diff" to get an overall change in
38663: This Python script merges multiple dictionary objects into one, using the '{}' operator to create an empty dict and then updating it with each new object
38664: This Python function replaces the elements at specific indices with another element from an input sequence, seq and returns it as new list/sequence named "
38665: This function sorts the input 'list' of lists by removing duplicates from each sublists and returning them sorted as one large, single leveled array
38666: This function checks the type of an input and returns true or false based on that. If it's not any string/integer then check its '
38667: This function converts RGB values to grayscale. It divides each color channel by its maximum value, then multiplies the result with seven and
38668: Return an output of radius values in one line separated by commas; r is also included at end as well."""  Code explanation/details not provided
38669: This Python function splits an optional string into ranges of integers and returns them as lists or single integer if the input is not valid format i..j
38670: This function resizes an image to fit within the given constraints. The original aspect ratio is maintained and images are scaled down or up until they meet these
38671: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'items' dataset and adds any dictionary entries that have "file" as their key
38672: This function takes an input, checks the type of that value and performs different operations based on it - either splitting by commas or filename split depending upon
38673: Checks the length of an argument; If it's not two characters long then throws error message about invalid input formatting or incorrect usage with available
38674: This function calculates the square of each number present within an input list and returns their total.  It uses Python's builtin 'sum',
38675: This script is setting the source database based on different conditions. It's checking whether 'semester', which should be one of four values,
38676: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the sum of all elements present within both.  The first list is used to create an iterable
38677: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in Python script, but
38678: This line of the script is setting up variables to handle basins and their order in an oceanographic study, with some initial setup required by Python'
38679: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It raises an error when given negative numbers or non integers as input and returns zero otherwise
38680: This line sets the seed of numpy's random number generator to 0, which ensures that your results are reproducible and consistent across runs
38681: This Python function takes as input the filename of an image file and returns two integers that represent its 'RUN' number in sequence order ('TAG') if
38682: This Python function calculates the displacement of an object with constant acceleration. It takes initial position, final time and speed as inputs to calculate distance trav
38683: This function checks if the given string starts with "&lt;pre" and ends either by closing pre tag ("```"), an empty space,
38684: This function checks if the given string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing each character from both ends of input and moving towards center
38685: This line of the Python script removes trailing characters from 'PATH' variable. The length is determined by subtracting suffix size form total string, which
38686: This line of the Python script filters out all records where Target is not equal to 'Blank'. It returns only those which meet that condition.
38687: Return an error message and status of 'Not Found' when the requested resource cannot be found. This can occur due to incorrect or non existent url
38688: This function checks whether two strings are equal based on the given patterns. If no such condition is met it returns false otherwise true as per conditions provided in
38689: This Python function splits the inputted 'string' into two parts at position specified by index number in list of strings "list_of" if
38690: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38691: This line of Python script converts Windows style newline characters to Unix/Linux format using the map and lambda function in combination with string split
38692: This Python function calculates the difference between two 1D arrays and returns maximum of three differences. The main idea is to find out how much each
38693: This function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find GCD of two numbers. It returns three values in case 'if' condition is true else
38694: This function will increment the date by one. If it reaches February of its current Year and Month is not yet December then returns next Day in that same
38695: This function checks whether the given input 'port' can be used as an IP address or not. It returns True when it receives either of these conditions
38696: This function calculates the number of Pins on one side based off its location. If it's in top left, returns zero because there are
38697: This Python function tries to strip the attribute of an object, if it fails then returns original value or just throws exception in case there is no such method
38698: This Python function uses list comprehension to iteratively look through the 'colors'-list and returns its value when it finds an element where second item
38699: This Python function checks whether the input 'value' exists. If it does, returns ['Return', Value]. Otherwise return an empty list which means no
38700: If the input string 'URN' does not exist, return null; else split and get last part of URN when it contains colon ':';
38701: This function returns different values based on the sign of two numbers. If both are zero, it does not return anything; otherwise depending upon their signs they
38702: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first parameter is multiplied by itself and then added to second, which in
38703: Checks if the coordinates are within bounds of an array.  If they're, it returns true; otherwise false or error message "Outside
38704: This Python function calculates the squared Euclidean distance between two RGB colors. It does so by subtracting each color component from another and then square
38705: This function compares two lists of tokens and returns True only when they are equal, ignoring the order. If any element is 'parse error',
38706: This function checks if the filename ends with either "Expected", and possibly other suffixes like '-expected', '--expected' etc., in any order
38707: This line of the given Python script is updating or incrementing an existing value in 'male' and/or ‘female’ key within
38708: If the variable 'inherits' isn’t set, return an empty string. Otherwise convert and returns it as String type data in Python
38709: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns their sum.  It's very simple, but it does exactly what you asked in the problem
38710: Returns True if there is at least one range that includes the ASN. Otherwise, it returns False – ie., whether or not an IP
38711: This function calculates the True Positive Rate plus False Negative rate minus one. It's used to calculate FScore, which is commonly in
38712: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two variables and returns either of them. The variable is compared with all elements from an array, finding out
38713: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
38714: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38715: This Python script attempts to fetch the HTTP headers of an inputted webpage using curl and prints out any error messages that might occur during execution if no
38716: This function returns the value of an object named 'eval' in Python. It is used to evaluate strings as python expressions and it can be useful when
38717: This function checks if the current hour is before starting of Lunch break. If it's not, then returns True; otherwise False – indicating
38718: This Python script checks the current date and adjusts it to be in line with Gregorian calendar. If today is not January 0th day
38719: If the package doesnt have an entry points section or it's missing some keys then return false; otherwise check that both console and GUI scripts are
38720: This Python function returns the number of set bit in an integer. It uses three conditions to check whether 'bits' are already calculated or not, and
38721: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns how many keys are common between two dictionaries G, which is compared to another dictionary results in
38722: parameter["name"] is not defined" }.format(**locals())).strip()...'NoneType', 'str')
38723: A dictionary that contains the selected mode of an object and whether or not to show it in its current state. The position on screen where legends are
38724: This Python function calculates the value of an interpolated polynomial. The coefficients are given as parameters and used to calculate new values based on input points'
38725: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38726: This function normalizes the input value to be between 0 and one. The range of normalization is determined by 'input minimum' ('inMin')
38727: This script reads the output of an SSH command and returns only those lines that are not empty. It's used to filter out any unnecessary data from
38728: This Python function counts the number of times consecutive characters appear consecutively. It starts counting from index + 1 and goes until it reaches to length -
38729: This line of the given Python script is returning an URL that includes 'ep' as part, but it doesn’t seem to be doing anything with
38730: This line of the Python script checks if it is possible to move in four directions from current position on board. If yes then returns True else False or
38731: This script removes all the digits from given input.  It does so by iterating over each character of alphanumeric characters and replacing it
38732: This Python function takes an integer or float as input and converts it into its equivalent string representation with all decimal points removed. Then the resulting number is
38733: Checks if the rectangle defined by 'container' is completely inside or intersects with another given rectangular shape.  The coordinates of both shapes are provided
38734: If the language isn't specified, return false; otherwise convert to lower case and check against specific languages ("en","fr").  The function also
38735: This function is used to calculate the length or size/length in bytes, given an input 'size' and whether it should be considered as negative.
38736: This line of the given Python script is an example where it checks whether 'var' equals to “one”. If so, then assigns
38737: This Python function calculates the mean and variance of an array. The input is expected to be in form [x0,..., x(N−�
38738: This Python script reads an input matrix and returns the same output as if it was printed on one single row with each element separated by new rows ('\
38739: This Python function uses recursion to calculate the power of an integer. It handles edge cases and performs efficient computations by using modulo operation in each
38740: This function generates the XML representation of fixed Joint in Robotics. It takes three parameters - 'name', which is used to identify each unique
38741: If the lengths do no align, raise an error. Otherwise calculate and return how many differences there are between two patterns based on their individual elements' comparison
38742: If the variable 's' does not exist, return an empty dictionary.  This can be used to prevent errors when trying access non existing variables in
38743: This line of the Python script checks whether there is an occurrence '\' character within any part(s)/character/symbol from ‘file name’
38744: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of each pair are taken as separate arguments and then
38745: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
38746: This Python script is used to get the absolute path of its own current location in relation with another given relative or absolutely paths provided as arguments by user input
38747: This function checks if the given 'text' contains any of specified regular expressions ('patterns'). If it does then returns true else false or None depending
38748: If the 'detail' object doesnt contain any information about containers or ec instances, return an error message stating that it can’t be found in
38749: This script is used to assign the 'Project ID' field of each issue object within an array. The value assigned here will be determined by another function
38750: This function generates an array of numbers from the given 'Start' to one less than ‘End’, with each number being divided by "F
38751: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the binary representation of that number in reverse order, with each digit representing one byte from right to left
38752: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38753: This function checks whether the given number is power of two or not. A single line solution using bitwise AND operation to check, as it's
38754: This function checks the value of 'val' and whether or not it is greater than 1. If both conditions are met, then depending on what
38755: If the variable 'ni' is equal to '-1', return value of function will be "-1". Else, it returns "value" which
38756: If the 'inputs' dictionary contains an entry with key named as specified by variable `dir`, it will return empty directory object. Else
38757: This function returns the first element of each list in order.  It's similar to Python’ s slice notation, but it only works on t
38758: This Python function calculates the next state of 'particels' and its corresponding velocities after time stepping using given accelerations.  The
38759: This function takes three parameters and returns the result of an equation. The first two are used to calculate y^n+yn's value where n
38760: This function checks if there is at least one true value present among the two lists. If so, it returns false; otherwise return 'True'.
38761: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from multiple nested/multidimensional 'dictionary' objects using the items()
38762: If the input is 1, return 'allow'. Else check other conditions. In case of any condition not met and no else clause found returns
38763: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'data' variable type or class/type matches with tuple and lists. If it does then returns last
38764: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers in an array. If either number isn' t provided it returns 'None'. It also handles negative
38765: If the second value is less than first one then swap them and calculate average of two numbers. Otherwise return summation result from multiplication between values divided by
38766: This Python script is creating an empty dictionary and populating it with values from two nested dictionaries using the concept of function composition or "currying".
38767: This Python function splits the input string on '-' and returns only if it is 'release'. If not, then joins all elements of list with
38768: This function generates all binary strings of length "len" from 3 to the given number ("num"). The recursive approach is used here where it
38769: This function returns the metadata of all videos in an array.  The output is structured as per given requirements and includes year, title etc., which are
38770: This function returns the dictionary with keys 'question' and an associated value of type string. The values are also stored in another key called response which is
38771: This line of the Python script is splitting each string in 'row' by commas and then stripping any leading or trailing whitespace from these
38772: This Python function calculates the minimum of three numbers, each calculated by subtracting one number from another. The absolute values are then summed and returned
38773: This Python function raises an error when the input list is emtpy, otherwise it adds 'offset' to each element of that given List.
38774: This function checks whether the variable 'data' is present as key to its value. If it exists, returns that specific element; otherwise return an empty
38775: This Python function checks whether the input "Text" variable contains only alphabets and converts it to lowercase using an 'if' condition
38776: This line of Python script converts the input string to an integer. If it starts with "X" or lowercase, then convert from Hex
38777: This Python function checks whether the input string starts with or ends in double quotes, then returns it after removing those characters (" "). If not all conditions
38778: If the 'subcategory_Id' is either set to [14] or[1], then it returns "1", otherwise check whether its
38779: If no width or height are provided, it defaults to 1964x37xx pixels. The maximum of the original image's
38780: This function is used to create masks based on the input parameters. The mask values are set as per degrees of rotation in an image processing task such
38781: Returns the value of "users" dictionary at key 'pub'.  This is an example usage.  ```python Code = Returning user's
38782: This Python script creates an empty array 'size' and assign the input parameter to it in one line of pythonic way using slicing method with negative
38783: This function checks if the second last element in 'point list' is equal to its first occurrence. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
38784: Sorts the list in ascending order and returns last two elements of sorted array as tuple – Python Code to sort an Array, return Last Two
38785: This line of Python script converts the input to string, strips leading and trailing whitespace characters using strip(), attempts conversion into floating point number.
38786: This Python function takes an array of strings as input and returns the same string, but with each word separated by space. If there is no second last
38787: This line of Python script creates an empty matrix with the specified number rows and columns, filled entirely at 1'd zeros by default if no
38788: This Python script splits the input string by commas and then creates dictionaries from each part of that split list based on equals signs ("==").
38789: This function calculates the autoregressive coefficient of an array. If all elements are negative, it returns 'True' else return False or some
38790: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38791: This Python script takes as input the string representation of Data Source Name, and converts it into dictionary format where keys are parameter names from DSN strings
38792: This Python function checks the type of 'object' passed to it and performs different actions based on its nature or class/type in python programming language
38793: This Python function checks whether the first nonempty string in each row of an input file has been encountered before and returns it as well its sequence number;
38794: This Python function checks whether the string 's' is either an integer or boolean value. If it’is, then returns false; otherwise true
38795: Creates the command to start MongoDB replica set with specified configuration parameters – exe, replicaset and bind ip/hostname port db
38796: This Python script splits the given `file_name` into two parts based on its extension and returns them as tuple or default to returning original name
38797: If the number of transcripts is less than or equal to one, return "1". Else it returns two. For all other cases where
38798: This function checks if all fields are present. If any field is missing, it returns false and stops the process; otherwise return true after checking every single
38799: This function checks if the file exists in either Windows or Unix/Linux path based on system's OS using 'Sys'. If it finds
38800: This Python function converts RGB values to LAB color space and then normalizes the luminance of each component by adding 9/4*ln
38801: If the list is empty, return "No data" else calculate and display sum of all elements in array.  Otherwise just show 'current' value
38802: This function appends the input to an already existing list of guesses in 'alphabet' and returns that updated, modified version as output which is
38803: This function checks if the given point is within an axis aligned bounding box.  The coordinates of both points are provided, along with their respective minimum
38804: This Python function calculates the remainder of h plus square(of 'a') modulo ‘m’. The result is then returned as output
38805: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding bitwise OR operation result. The bits of output are set based on whether or not each
38806: This Python script calculates the minimum amount of "FUEL" required to align all objects within an array. The FUN is calculated as absolute
38807: This function calculates the nth root of an integer, where 'math' is used to perform mathematical operations and sqrt() returns square roots in
38808: This script generates two values, the minimum and maximum date from 'data' list.  The "min" function returns smallest value while "-max()"
38809: This Python function generates an array of boolean values based on the input number. The index and value are determined by iterating over numbers from 3 to
38810: This function replaces the HTML tags in input string with their corresponding characters, and returns it as output when there is no match found or replacement required else
38811: This function returns the maximum of two values. If one or both are negative it will consider them as 0 in order to avoid any possible errors when
38812: This line of the Python script calculates and returns 3 parts, which are multiplied together to give an output. The first part is 'CN
38813: This function calculates the new value of 'tracker' based on its current state and an input. The formula is derived from simple algebra, but
38814: This script is used to find all the CSV files present within given input directory and its subdirectories, then returns those file names as output which
38815: If the number of sets is less than zero or items per set/item more then available, it returns an error. Otherwise calculates and gives result
38816: This function returns the priority value of an urgency level. It assigns different values to each emergency type based on their importance in terms and conditions,
38817: This Python script checks the file's extension and returns its corresponding audio format. If it doesn’t recognize any of these extensions, then default to
38818: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input string of 'offests', splitting it into individual elements and converting them to integers
38819: This Python function takes two arguments - the number of physical IMEI shard and returns list with tuples. Each tuple contains start/end
38820: Initializes the LineEditor if it hasn't already. If there isn’t one, raises an exception and returns otherwise return instance of existing editor
38821: This Python script splits an IP address string into its constituent parts and checks if each part is within the valid range 0 -> 25
38822: This function checks whether the address is either “default”, i.e., it has no IP and subnet mask set; otherwise returns false
38823: This Python script calculates the value of an unknown variable 'ex' based on two given variables, and applies some conditions. The result is then printed
38824: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be considered as an instance of class "Abstract Array" or not. If it does then returns
38825: This Python script is used to reformat the file names in CodeForc...  It replaces underscores with slashes and hyphens,
38826: If the given string starts with "/", it will remove leading slash and then append "http:///www..." to make sure that URL is properly
38827: This line of the Python script checks whether an inputted empty or nonempty value is present. If it's not, then we return with no
38828: This Python function compares two lists, 'len' is used to find the length of each list. It then iterates through both arrays simultaneously comparing
38829: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the list of all numeric characters found within it as strings from least to most significant digit order if
38830: This Python script uses recursive feature elimination to select the best features from an input dataset. The algorithm starts with all possible combinations of n_
38831: This Python function filters out the `None` values from an inputted 'List' of strings or numbers, returning only nones as output if any
38832: If the number is nonnegative, simply returns it. Else negates and then returned – Code simplifies to "return negative of positive"
38833: If the length of classes configuration string is zero, return an empty dictionary.  This means that no class configurations have been provided in input and thus there
38834: This Python function splits the string 'name' into an array of strings based on periods ('.'). It then converts all integers to their corresponding
38835: This function takes an input 'number' and returns the square of that value. It is simple to implement but not very efficient, as it involves two
38836: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The result is always positive, but it can be zero if one or both input values are 0
38837: This function splits the input string into parts using ':' as separator and then converts each part to Float type. It finally returns sum
38838: This Python script filters out the providers that have no files associated with them from 'lib\_provider' list using List Comprehension and if condition
38839: This is an implementation of the Newton's method, which uses iterative methods to find roots. It takes two parameters 'a', and initial guess
38840: This Python function takes an input 's' as the parameter, which is expected to be of type str; it splits up all uppercase letters
38841: This function takes in two parameters, an array of strings and the number to split at. It returns all elements joined by newline characters using Python'
38842: This Python function splits the input string into lines, then joins each line with '&lt;br/ &gt;&#xA9
38843: This Python script normalizes the input list 'x' by dividing each element of x with its maximum absolute value, resulting an array where all elements
38844: This Python script converts each character of the input 'string' into an integer and stores them as elements within another list, "Output". The function
38845: Check if the given fields are present and validated within an object's properties of type SecretVolumeDescription – returns error message or none otherwise,
38846: This line of the given Python function checks whether x*y is greater than or equal to zero. If it's true, then return 'false
38847: This function calculates the area of an equilateral triangle given its two bases and one side length. The formula is derived from geometry, where it
38848: This function is used to split the input string into parts based on '.' character and then recursively call itself until it reaches base case of single or
38849: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the "data" list' elements. The keys are tag id, while values correspond to
38850: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
38851: This function converts different types of values into strings. It uses recursion when dealing with nested data structures like lists and dictionaries as well the conversion
38852: This function takes in four parameters and returns the minimum values of both axes along with maximums.  It uses Python' builtin functions to find
38853: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38854: This Python function takes an input of type 'STRING' and returns the length as well. It also converts each character into its ASCII integer value
38855: This Python script checks if the given tokens are present within certain formats. If any of them is found, it returns true; otherwise false after checking all
38856: This line of Python script creates and returns an array with numbers from 1 to 'n'. The list comprehension is used here. It's
38857: Sorts the list of records by 'time last' in ascending order. – Python Code Snippet to Sort List By Key Lamba
38858: Creates and returns an object with properties 'timer' that holds the interval value as microsecond, type of Ticker based on trigger event.
38859: This Python script reads in multiple text files and removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each of the file's content before returning them as one
38860: If the key 'LANe' is present and has value then use that as lane name otherwise set it to Unknown. Similarly check other keys like
38861: This Python function calculates the square of an element in list 'X' and measures how long it takes to execute its operation using current system clock times
38862: This function calculates the ratio of two values. It takes three parameters, 'before', and then one that is calculated as an expression to be divided
38863: This Python function returns the capabilities of an object as dictionary. The scope is set to local in our case, but it can be any value depending on
38864: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
38865: This Python function returns the maximum of two given numbers. If both are  zero it will return one number but if not all zeros then its just
38866: This function takes an input value and returns the rounded version of that number. It uses Python's built in math module to perform its operation, which
38867: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an inputted 'input_string' by converting it to set and then back into List.
38868: This Python script checks if the given string starts with two alphanumeric characters and is not followed or preceded by "double underscore". If
38869: This Python function returns the number 'I' when given 4 as input, and it replaces numbers divisible by both three & five with string
38870: This script sorts the keys of column label map and returns corresponding values from it, which are then used to create an ordered list based on these labels/
38871: Generates unique identifier based on coordinates."  [END]```   This is an example Python script to generate and return one line description about your
38872: This python function calculates the energy of an electron in free space, given its density and initial charge distribution as input parameters; it uses Einstein's
38873: This Python script returns the flattened list of items from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
38874: This function calculates the power of 2 that is less than or equal to 'num'. It uses bitwise shifting operation. The loop starts with
38875: If the 'actions' key is missing from incoming JSON data, return none.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal flow of execution continues after returning result
38876: This function returns the appropriate chemical formula based on input string. If no match is found, it initializes with given argument and converts to lower case
38877: This function returns the value of 'x' based on its string representation. If it equals to one or two, then return that number; else when
38878: This Python function checks whether the first two characters of an input string are "--", "-" or any other character, and returns that part after removing
38879: A dictionary that stores suggestions about how to run the schedulers and OS.  It's called 'opinioned'. The two keys are
38880: This function checks whether the type of 'e' is either zero ('t') and/or greater than itself. If so it returns two values which
38881: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38882: This line of the given Python script checks whether or not there is an occurrence in any position where it finds two consecutive dots. If such case exists,
38883: This Python function calculates the real part of an expression involving complex numbers and returns it as one line result, using list comprehension to iteratively calculate
38884: This Python function returns the second line of input string 's'. It uses find() method to locate '\n' character and then slices from that position
38885: This function checks whether the given number is either equal to or greater than both numbers '0' and '-3'. If it does then returns string with
38886: If the string 'key' starts with an empty or non-"empty" character, return only its value. Otherwise remove characters from start of that part
38887: This Python script uses the curl command to send JSON data as HTTP post request. The headers and payload are set according with user input parameters in one line
38888: This script calculates the sum of all durations from each Note object within 'final\_notes' list by iterating over it and adding up their
38889: This function checks whether an object can be annotated by the given annotation system in Python 3+ using only builtin types/functions without any external
38890: This Python script prints the value of 'switch' and creates an dictionary with keys mac, runtime json which are then printed out in one line using string
38891: If the string `s`, when converted to lowercase and trimmed of any leading/trailing whitespace it equals either "", 'None'
38892: This Python function converts all digits, decimal points and signs into one single line of text using the isDigiT method from python’s
38893: Attempts writing the given `{vale` into an opened and seeked location in memory using Python' builtin 'open()'. If
38894: This Python script splits the input string by spaces and creates two lists from it - one with names of trees/species found on each side separated
38895: This line of the given Python script is setting up some parameters based on whether or not there's any form Regularizer applied to either Width
38896: This script is used to get the list of groups in given directory path 'capabilities'. It tries and catches any exception that might occur while trying
38897: This python function calculates the output of an electrical circuit using given parameters. The formula is as follows, and it returns 'Q' out from input
38898: This function is used to decrement the count of each key from 'tallyDictionary' when it appears as an element within list.  It then
38899: This Python function calculates the difference between two numbers, then shifts and masks bits to create an additional result. The final output is calculated by subt
38900: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38901: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer. If it's not, then returns its "floor" value plus one; otherwise just return
38902: This Python function takes an AWS Lambda Event object and returns the bucket name from which request was made. The date of that specific action is also returned
38903: This function takes in the string 'name' and returns an object with double curly braces around it. (e..g, if
38904: This Python function returns the string 'lsst.sal.' concatenated with two other strings, which are taken as input parameters - `csc`
38905: This Python function calculates the desired value of 'D' based on an input parameter, which is multiplied by ten and then raised to power m
38906: Removes the description from tasks of type 'title', and returns updated dictionary. – Code is removing descriptions, but not all types are handled yet
38907: This Python function checks whether the list is empty or not. If it's an emptiness, then returns that same value; otherwise return each
38908: This function calculates the value of bi using an iterative method. The initial guess is given by 'b' and it updates its estimate with each
38909: This function checks the type of `val`. If it's an empty string or not present at all then returns nothing; else depending on its
38910: This Python function checks the type of an object and performs different actions based on its class or nature; it converts symbols to strings when they are instances
38911: This line of Python script returns the ids from an input list, filtered by 'agents' type. It also checks whether each agents is alive
38912: This line of Python script calculates the value at which one tenth, or base ten. It does so by raising e to half its argument and
38913: This function generates and returns the sequence of numbers from 1 to 'limit' with steps equal in size as specified by parameter "numOfSteps
38914: This line of the given Python script converts each descriptor object in 'descriptions' to its dictionary representation using map and lambda function, then
38915: This function returns the conjugation of an input word in English using Python's dictionary data structure, which maps each verb to its corresponding form with tense
38916: This Python script reverses the DNA sequenced. It takes an input string of nucleotides, and returns its reverse complements as output by replacing
38917: Checks if the line contains ':' character. If it does, returns True; otherwise False or None depending on whether ':'.next() exists and
38918: This function checks if the current item' ID matches with an expected one. If it doesn’nt match then returns false else true – Code:
38919: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation involves two parameters, l &amp;lt;&#34
38920: This Python script checks the operating system name and returns 'MacOS', ‘Windows’ or `'Linux'. It does so by checking whether OS
38921: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each 'groups' object and appends the name of that specific "Group" to our
38922: If there are less than 3 combinations, return an empty list. Otherwise generate the desired output by returning only those pairs of numbers that differ more then
38923: This Python script splits the given string into its component parts and returns them in reverse order as well an original name of that last part if it exists
38924: ...'  # Insert your own text here. Replace "..." with the actual content of each line or block in detail below, keeping it
38925: This line of Python script checks whether the value in variable 'b' is zero. If it isn’t, then returns its reciprocal;
38926: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and then populate it with values from the 'args' argument. If any keys are missing, they
38927: This Python script returns the dictionary of items from 'b' that have keys starting with "error_".  It uses list comprehension to filter out
38928: This function takes in an input document and checks whether it's of type string or not; then splits the text into individual terms/words using
38929: A function that takes as input the list of dictionaries, and returns an object with keys from each dictionary's "Tag" field. The values
38930: This Python function calculates the sum of products between each pair from an array 'J' and elements at indices different than itself. The result is returned
38931: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
38932: This Python function calculates the surface area and volume of an ellipse given its width(length/width), height or radius. The formula used
38933: This script attempts to calculate the age of an object based on its publication date and current time, returning 'None' if no publication was found or
38934: This Python script creates an empty list called `primerex` and then iterates over the keys of dictionary 'Primer'. If there is key
38935: Checks if two strings are equal. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False – one line version of the same functionality in Python
38936: This Python script checks if the given value is present within an input list. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None depending on
38937: This Python script checks if the given CPF number is valid. It calculates an equivalent of what would be done by hand to validate it using Lu
38938: This Python function returns the dictionary representation of an object. The keys are "PostID", “score”, and 'text'. Each key has
38939: This Python script is used to extract specific information from an input dictionary. The output will be another one with the specified fields only, and all other data
38940: 根据源路径的不同，返回不同的值。如果来源是"/clusters/something",则为'Cluster',否则如果是
38941: This line of the given Python script splits each word in 'tweet' by commas and returns last element from list which is usually used to
38942: This Python script splits the string 's' into list of strings, removes any leading/trailing whitespace from each element and returns only those
38943: This Python function splits the input string by "/" and returns last element of list if it is not empty, else return second to latest nonempty
38944: This Python script calculates the matrix multiplication of two matrices. The number and type information is not shown, but it performs elementwise multiplications between corresponding
38945: This Python script calculates the total number of processors in one dimension. The calculation is based on three factors, firstly it multiplies each processor
38946: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes as input coordinates of both point and returns their absolute difference, which
38947: A function that checks whether the inputted text contains any duplicate characters. It does so by using Python's dictionary data structure to keep track of each
38948: This function returns the result of multiplying 'a' by an input value, and then adding that product to another constant.  The output is simply
38949: If the number of arguments is at least two, return zero. Otherwise (-1), exit program with an error message in Python scripting language using print
38950: This line of the given Python script multiplies each element in 'tensor' by 1/(log(i)) where i is an index, and
38951: A dictionary that maps object types to their respective type names.  This is used in the context of data analysis and visualization tools, where objects are
38952: This Python function checks whether the lengths of input lists are equal, and then performs elementwise multiplication. If they aren’ tequal it prints an error
38953: This function checks whether the input is an alphabetical character or not, returns true only when it's one char long; otherwise false will be
38954: This Python function converts the input string to its corresponding number. It uses ASCII values of characters and calculates their positions within alphabetical order
38955: This function scans through all the file names and checks whether each one contains any of our given mouses. If it doesn't, an error
38956: Opens the global backup log file, writes entries from an array to it if provided; otherwise returns False – Code written by: [Your Name
38957: This line of the Python script creates three instance variables, "ID", which is assigned to 'None', and two other named integer instances that are set
38958: This Python function returns the start and end values of an interval defined by two points in 4D space with coordinates [QA Start Z] &
38959: This Python function takes as input the dictionary 'd' and returns another one with all elements of dict "keys" removed from it, using pop()
38960: This function checks if the given string is an Isogram. An "isograms" are strings that do not have any repeating characters, meaning all
38961: This Python function checks whether the input is an ASCIII and, If it'a true then raises error else converts first letter to lowercase of
38962: This Python function converts an integer into its byte representation in big endian order. The input is the “value”, which should be of
38963: This Python function creates an array of integers by repeatedly dividing the input index 'idx' with each element from list/array "shap". The
38964: Returns the first 'limit' elements of list, or all items in case they are more than "Limit".  This is similar to Python’s
38965: This Python function merges two sorted lists into one. The result is the sum of elements at even and odd indices in their respective order, with no
38966: Returns the base execution url with "/polices".  This is an example of how to get policies from API.   [Your Name] - Date
38967: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the result of applying two bitwise operations to it. The first operation multiplies by 'two'
38968: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns as is; if successful - converts and return its value
38969: This Python function converts the input string to one of three formats based on its value. If it's 'PDF', then changes that into PDF
38970: Replaces '<>' with HTML entities.  This is useful when you want to display text in an html context but still be able use the original
38971: This script is used to extract the file names from an API's JSON data and store them into list 'file_names'.  It uses Python
38972: If the input string 'identifier' does not exist, return none; else check whether it starts with InCHi and returns incharge otherwise output as
38973: Checks if the process ID of running Python script is equal to provided PID. If so, returns True; otherwise False or raises an exception depending
38974: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it."(*) Code::Array[T]   result = new
38975: This Python script opens the specified path and reads all lines of text into memory using try/catch block to handle exceptions when opening or reading files in python
38976: This line of Python function calculates the ratio between three numbers. The first number is subtracted by another, then divided and multiplied with third to
38977: This Python script filters out the directories from an array of files paths, leaving only filenames and ignoring any subdirectories within each directory level
38978: This function replaces the HTML entities with their corresponding characters in Python using regular expressions and string methods, which is faster than manually replacing each entity one by
38979: This function checks if the given variable 'i' exists and returns true or false. If it does, then return "True", otherwise ->"
38980: This function is used to generate the description of an object based on its properties, if they exist or else it returns empty string as default value."""
38981: This line of Python script is used to determine the reference path based on OpenAPI major version and returns it as per its value in dictionary 'ref_
38982: This function compares two data structures and returns True if they are the same, ignoring certain keys specified by 'ignore' list; otherwise it will
38983: This function is used as an alternative way of replacing aliases with their corresponding values. It iterates over the input 'seq' and replaces any
38984: This function takes as input the sequence of weights and checks whether it's provided. If so then removes any parentheses from that weighting se
38985: This Python function takes an URL as input and returns the base part of it, ie., everything before '?' or '.apps' in case they
38986: This function checks whether the input number is greater than or less then maximum and minimum values. If it's not, return that value; otherwise do
38987: This function takes in two parameters - text and pattern. It replaces all spaces with 'plus' symbols using the given string as input to its method
38988: This line of Python script returns the string 'sequence number' followed by sequence no and then appends '_', 7 times, an additional character ('
38989: This Python script removes the specified key from an inputted 'dictionary' if it exists. If no such keyword is present, then raises and handles
38990: This Python script checks the 'type' of an object and returns its corresponding string representation. If no match is found, it defaults to returning as default
38991: This line of Python script converts the second part in each input string to an integer and then returns it as floating point number, which is used later
38992: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
38993: This function checks if the number is positive, then calculates its base 1/base_two logarithm to determine whether it's an integer
38994: This Python function converts the input to floating point, if it's negative then sets its value as 0. It also performs division by '
38995: This function returns the minimum of three numbers. It takes in two parameters - maximum and "value", it then calculates which one is larger using Python
38996: If the list is empty, return None. Otherwise get and print out last element of given array/list using Python's negative indexing method (-
38997: This function calculates the Factorial of an input number. If it's equal to one, then returns 'one'. Otherwise return "number times
38998: This function returns the base name of path, which is just file_name in case if there's no extension and without any directory information at all
38999: This Python script finds the extension of an inputted filename and returns only its name without any dots in it, if there is no dot then just return
39000: This line of the script removes leading and trailing whitespace from each sequence in FASTA format, then splits it into lines to get individual
39001: This function checks if the first character of input is either space (' ', tab('\' + chord_tab)) and returns True, else it will
39002: This line of the given Python script is extracting all "packages" from 'main' module.  It does so by iterating over each `
39003: This Python function splits the given URI into its components and returns only one of them as 'Repository Name' or just an Image name depending on whether
39004: This function calculates the mean temperature based on given parameters, which are distance to target and standard deviation of measurements in that area."
39005: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = f(x). The coefficients of that formula are given by 'coeffs' list.  It
39006: This function checks if two shapes are equal. It compares the first three elements of each list, then returns true or false based on whether they match
39007: This Python script modifies the 'Profile' dictionary by adding prefixes to image URLs. The new values are stored back into their respective keys,
39008: This Python function generates the binary representation of an integer. The input integers 'c', and their bitwise left shift by four times are stored into "
39009: This function checks if both x & y are greater than or equal to −$1,​e6​​. It returns True only when so
39010: If the first dictionary `dict` does not exist it returns second one else return both dictionaries and adds values of third dict to corresponding keys from two
39011: Checks if the samples have both keys 'y' and '_id'. If not it throws an error.  It also checks that each key is
39012: Checks whether the number samples are same between references output & synthetised outputs. If not, it raises an error with message "The Number Of
39013: A dictionary that maps morning schedules to their corresponding integer values. The function returns the value of an input key in our mapping if it exists; otherwise
39014: This Python script converts the given list of colors into their corresponding RGB values. It does so by iterating over each element, checking its value and
39015: If the input 'language' is Arab, it checks whether or nor GloVe vectors are available. 1st case returns an ar abbreviation
39016: This Python function tries to find the index of '\n' in string 's'. If it finds an occurrence, returns all characters before that point;
39017: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the fractions of each equivalent period from 'all phases' using their names as keys.
39018: This function checks whether the given arguments contain either of two specific keywords. If they do, it returns true; otherwise false is returned and an error message
39019: This function checks whether the given string starts with '[' character, ends in']' characters or not using Python programming language – assuming that it is
39020: This function takes an integer input and returns two values. The first value is the result of dividing by ten with floor division while subtracting from it
39021: This function splits the input into an array of substrings based on spaces, which is commonly used in many programming languages to break up strings and perform
39022: This line of the Python script removes all non alphanumeric, punctuation and whitespace characters from 'text'. It also trims any leading
39023: This Python function takes an URL and returns the same but with username/password included in it as per given format 'token' @ split index of '/
39024: This function generates the list of network files based on 'expirment path prefix', and checks whether or not it is possible that there are less then
39025: This function checks whether the input object 'b' exists within an iterable. If it does exist and isn’t null then returns true else false
39026: This function takes in two parameters 'x' and the value of variable `y`. It then checks which character is passed as an argument to it
39027: If the given number is zero, it returns an empty string.  [Done]   Code length = 13 characters    Total lines of codes in
39028: This Python function calculates the Turn Over and Return on an investment. It takes as input two parameters 'b' &amp;#x3D
39029: A dictionary named "statistics" is created with keys as id, minimum value(s), maximum values and so on. The function returns the statistics
39030: This function takes an angle in degrees, adds or subtracts it by the value of one eighth. If result is less than zero then wrap
39031: This function concatenates the string 'lib' with library name.  It is used to generate Makefiles in Python programming language using libraries like numpy
39032: This Python function calculates the Eta value based on NIR and Red light conditions, which is used in remote sensing applications to estimate reflectance
39033: This function checks if the given parameters exist in both tables. If they do, it returns True; otherwise False is returned with an additional parameter "create
39034: This function takes an integer as input and returns the next number in sequence. It does so by incrementing its value one time, resulting to be equal
39035: This function replaces underscores in the given string with spaces, and returns it as output of that particular method call – one line only if
39036: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cube of that value.  It's simple, straightforward to understand but not very efficient in
39037: This function returns the first element of 'ys' that is greater than or equal to "x" and less then next one. If there are no
39038: This function calculates the power of ‘f’ to an inverse. If 'negative' exponent is given then it will calculate its reciprocal
39039: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the input 'list' and appends to it as sublists containing mod
39040: This Python function calculates the smallest positive integer that is divisible by all numbers from 0 to e inclusively. It uses Euler'
39041: This line of the program copies an existing list and sorts it based on two keys in ascending order - first by second element then third if they are
39042: This line of Python script is fetching the value from configuration file and returning it in required format.  The variable 'config' should be defined before
39043: This function checks if the given object is an Android Device with vendor id “vendor_ID”, product ID "productId". If it'
39044: This function checks whether the input 'chosen' option exists within all possible options, and returns them as unique set of values from both lists/arr
39045: If the text variable passed to it as an argument, returns empty string. Else -> Return inputted value of 'text' parameter in lower
39046: This Python function searches the string `s` to find any text that starts with "?" and continues until it encounters another character, then returns only
39047: This function converts the time in HHMMSS format to total number of second(s). It takes two parameters, 'hours', and "
39048: This Python script uses regular expressions to remove all non ASCII characters from the input text, effectively removing any special or unprintable character that might cause
39049: Code to read and process a file in Python. ...(truncated...)"""))[0] + "...", max_length
39050: This script checks if the given list of strings contains any specific string from an array. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true is returned after
39051: Implemented the requested image augmentations in Python. The implementaion includes mix up and vignette effects which are used to increase variability
39052: This function calculates the value of y based on some parameters. The formula is b -> x, and it's dependent variable 'x'.
39053: This Python function calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents one single number
39054: This Python function calculates the frequency of an octave in music theory, given its note number and returns that value as Hz(Hertz).
39055: This Python function returns the host and port as string.  It is used in network programming to identify where an application or service will be running from,
39056: This function performs bitwise AND operation on the value of 'val' and its complement with clear flag. The result is then ORed back to original
39057: This function returns the length of bib, which is equivalent to its size in bytes. It's used as an indicator that it can be safely
39058: This Python function checks whether x is an uppercase string that matches any value from three specified leagues ('nba','wnba,'nbadl
39059: This line of Python script returns the list created by splitting 's' on separator character and then removing any empty strings resulting from stripping leading/
39060: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39061: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings, removes one empty first row and then joins all remaining rows back together with newline characters
39062: If the number is 0, return an empty string. Otherwise returns 'S'. This function checks whether or not to append S at end of word
39063: This function checks whether two URLs are the same. It does so by comparing them to each other and checking their presence within one another, returning true
39064: This Python script checks the value of an 'image type' variable and returns one out ….of four possible values based on that input, which
39065: Checks if the current input string starts with any of these whitespace characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending
39066: This is the parallel version of an operation that takes three inputs and produces one output. The input values are multiplied by some constants, then added together
39067: This Python function creates and returns an object where each original dictionary's keys are transformed into the specified format using 'prefix', followed by '_'. The
39068: This script generates two lists of indices that are used to generate the source and target sequences respectively using sliding windows with size 'window'. The function iterates
39069: This function takes in two parameters, the directory and target page. It returns an URL string that is used to perform search operations on Google Search using provided
39070: Removes leading and trailing spaces from the string, replaces all whitespace characters with single space in between them – Text manipulation task is
39071: If the length of poly is two, return one less than its value. Else it returns another number based on whether ID equals to zero or not
39072: This Python function calculates the heat index based on air temperature and returns it as an estimate of water content in liquid or gas at that location, given
39073: This function calculates the nth number in Tribonic sequence. The first three numbers of Triabic Sequence are defined as follows, Tn
39074: This line of the Python function calculates and returns an expression. The result is then used in another calculation or displayed to users, but not directly modified
39075: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway point between two given numbers. The result is an integer, as it's not possible
39076: Count the number of branches with more than three commits and those older or having open issue/PR. The results are returned as five separate values which
39077: This function checks whether the keys 'x' and/or ‘ y’ are present within an input dictionary. If either of them isn;t
39078: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
39079: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39080: If the 'override' tags are present, return version number. Otherwise do nothing and just give back original value of `currrent RC Version
39081: This Python script splits the given string into parts based on spaces and returns third part of split list if it exists, otherwise raises an error message "
39082: Defines function to calculate the number of occurrences.  Takes two parameters - character and list/string as input; returns integer representing occurrence
39083: If the string is empty, it returns 8 zeroes. Otherwise - just take its first character and repeat that in all places of your inputted
39084: Returns the URL of schema file in local server environment, which is http:/localhost/%s".format("843")  # Replace
39085: This function returns the number of days in each range. If it's less than or equal to one month, return as 'one'. For two
39086: This function calculates the value of an RGB color in hexadecimal format. The values are multiplied by powers to get them into different scales
39087: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'pointsList' and appending each third element of every tuple to another temporary variable
39088: If either of the input lists are empty, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns length/count common elements between two given arrays in Python language using set
39089: This Python function calculates the frequency of humans in an environment given its energy content e, which is then converted to sound speed using some empirical formula and
39090: If the string 'length' of `value` is greater than 4 and starts with word ('j', or any other character), then return first
39091: This line of the given Python script filters out any data points that do not have an associated name attribute, and only keeps those with nonempty names ("
39092: Splits the given string into sentences using "." as delimiter and returns count of these split strings which is equivalent to number or sentec
39093: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns f/g, where 'n' is 1. The result will be in decimal form
39094: This function returns the corresponding string based on an inputted percentage. It uses conditional statements to determine which category of average performance is represented by that given number
39095: This function checks if all elements of the list are present as strings. If not, it returns False; otherwise True – one line version using Python
39096: This Python script creates an empty dict and then iterates over the input 'dict' object to create another one with keys that have been split at each
39097: This line of the function is calculating and returning an incremented version ‘curr_prun’e rate, which will be used in further
39098: This Python function calculates the sum of squares using an array 'P' and returns it. The loop iteratively adds to "sum" each element
39099: This Python function takes two arguments and returns the first one if they are equal. Otherwise it concatenates them with an hyphen in between."
39100: This Python script counts the number of occurrences ('c') that are equal to character "A" or lowercase letter C. The result is
39101: This function returns the correct orientation index based on input parameters. It uses an IF/ELIF statement to check 'direction' and then another set of
39102: This is an example of Python function that returns half the value passed to it, but only when 'arg' equals zero; otherwise return original argument multi
39103: This Python script creates two dictionaries from the input mapping and then uses list comprehension to create another dictionary with class names as keys along side their corresponding
39104: This Python function checks the type of 'resource' and assignes it to `tags` dictionary. If its an RDS instance, then tags are
39105: This function returns the software version in string format.  The input is two parameters, 'soft' and "ver". It concatenates these with "-
39106: This program uses the MSP430 LaunchPad to control an LED on pin 1.7 of port B using registers and bit manipulation
39107: This python script counts the number of commands within each block. It uses an if statement to count and decrement/increase based on whether or not
39108: This program reads an integer from the user and prints its digits in reverse order. It uses looping to do so, with each iteration reducing by
39109: This Python script splits the given string into elements and checks whether it contains an element with specific name as lowercase version of provided XML term or any
39110: This function checks if the given path is to an .csv or not and returns it, but only when its extension matches ".cs[v]".
39111: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to add together corresponding elements from two lists. The result is another one with the same length as input but
39112: This program finds 3 numbers that satisfy the conditions of being Pythagorean triplets. It checks all possible combinations to find such triples
39113: This function takes in two parameters, 'time' and the string value of either days or weeks. It returns an integer representing how many periods are left
39114: This line checks whether the input 'deg' variable can be converted to an integer or floating point number and converts it into string format in case of
39115: This function calculates the value of 'Lambda Value' based on Luminescence. If either input is negative, it sets them to zero
39116: Generates the names of all prisoners from an array. If there are multiple, they're separated by commas and ended with 'and'. Otherwise
39117: If the process with id '{0}' exists, assign it to variable `process`. Else create an empty dictionary and store as value of
39118: This Python script generates an empty list of strings, then iterates over the given 'time' range objects and checks if they are not defined or have
39119: This function takes an input level, which is expected to be in the range of [0..1], and returns its equivalent value rounded up by one
39120: A dictionary that maps data types to their corresponding TwinMaker names. This function returns the name of given datatype from our custom map based
39121: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39122: This Python function splits the input string by underscores and then joins them into one single line with uppercase letters using map() to convert all
39123: This Python function returns the finger print and bundle of an input dictionary. The keys in both dictionaries are 'value' which is converted to lower case
39124: This Python function calculates the diameter squred of an elastic waveguide. The formula is based on two parameters, D and z with respect to some
39125: This Python function searches through the list of data structures and returns an element from it that matches with given 'colum' value. If no such match
39126: This function converts the input values to be between [lower limit] and [-[inverse of][uppperlimit]] respectively. If any
39127: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39128: This Python script checks if the first word of each input string is one among several specified "prefices". If it finds any, then stops processing and
39129: This Python function takes two coordinates as input, converts them to strings and returns the URL of Google Maps with those points displayed in Pano mode
39130: A dictionary that represents the formatting of an input field. The type is 'Cell', criteria used to filter values in range between minimum and maximum;
39131: This Python script splits the string 'time' into two parts at each occurrence of "min" and converts them to floats before returning their
39132: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same number minus two five. If it's greater than one hundred eighty, then return that
39133: This Python function checks whether the input value 'is an instance of' type "float" or not; If it does then check its equality with "-
39134: This function returns the path to labels file of trained model on specific dataset based in input parameters, which is defined by "train" and it will return
39135: This function replaces the first occurrence of 'pollination.' in string with '-' and if it starts from - pollution-. It also removes
39136: If the first number is less than or equal to third one then assigns them in reverse order else reverses all numbers.  Code snippet
39137: If the string 'w' contains any of three substrings, replace them with their corresponding number and return it as an integer; otherwise if not found
39138: This function calculates the value of an ellipse with given parameters. The formula is used to calculate it based on mathematical principles and returns its result
39139: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the first element of each slice from 'extended slices' dictionary by sorting them based
39140: This Python script calculates the number of crosses in an input polygon. The function takes as argument, poly which is expected to be list representing vertices
39141: This function returns the dictionary that controls whether or not to display x and y tick labels on plots in matplotlib based off of input parameter 'tic
39142: This Python function converts the input date string to `datetime` object and then subtracts 1 year from it using 'timelinedelt
39143: This Python function tries to convert the input object into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value of that variable/object as is; otherwise
39144: This Python script checks the platform and applies different styles to output depending on whether it is Linux, macOS或Windows using ANSI escape codes; however
39145: This Python script generates the URL to watch YouTube videos by appending 'video id' at end of base youtube link and returns it as string
39146: This function calculates the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion to calculate it, and if 'n' is equal or less than one
39147: This function returns the path to daily MESONET MRMS data in NetCDF format, which is used by various climate models and analysis tools
39148: This Python script deletes keys from the dictionary 'if they exist' and adds new ones. If some of these specific key names do NOT already exists
39149: This Python script generates all the positions of dots within an array/matrix with dimensions specified by 'xsizexysize' and returns them as t
39150: This Python function calculates the margins needed to center an object of size 'object' in another. The sizes are given as parameters and it returns
39151: This Python script checks the HTML content of an HTTP response, looking specifically at certain conditions to determine whether or not it contains JSON data in its payload using
39152: This line of Python script replaces all dots in the string with slashes to create valid directory paths, which is commonly used when working on file systems
39153: This python script calculates the maximum value of two lists. The first list is represented by 'F' and second one as "D". It multi
39154: This function calculates the position of an object in relation to its parent's size. The calculation is done by dividing 'current step'/total
39155: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem
39156: This script splits the input string by underscores and then iterates over each resulting substring. It converts all tokens to their respective case
39157: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/string.  It's very simple and efficient, but it doesn’t
39158: This function returns the memory usage of an object in MB. It takes one parameter, which is assumed to be 'size', and multiplies it by
39159: If the URL variable isn't defined or empty then return two values as 'none', else split and append "null" to array until it reaches
39160: A function that returns the resource name of an object in BlueBird's API resources"  -> Code is string, Function will return String
39161: This Python function checks the string 'm' and returns an age category based on whether it starts with either of two specific strings ("marryd",
39162: This Python function checks if the input 'universal' variable ('Universescript') passed to it as an argument contains at least one character of
39163: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
39164: This line of the Python script calculates 3/8th power and multiplies it by an input value, which is set to be 'entry
39165: This Python script prints "Add three" and then the sum of two numbers. The function is named 'sum_three' which takes in parameters,
39166: This Python function calculates the nearest index in an array of size 'n' to given longitude and latutude values. The indices are calculated
39167: Prints the calculation of peers' information.  The function is used to get details about each neighbor device and its corresponding ports in case it has any
39168: This function checks whether the given extension is equal to one of several extensions. If it's different from these then return original filename with its current suffix
39169: This Python script splits the given text into multiple lines, then joins them back together with spaces between each line using list comprehension and string replace function
39170: This function converts an integer to binary format. The result is padded with zeros if necessary using the specified padding character 'N'.
39171: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'detList' that have an associated category id equal to their corresponding subcategories in
39172: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each character of the input string 'str'. If it is digitical ('0'-'
39173: If the number 'n' isn’t defined, return '-'. Else check whether it equals to any of given numbers or not; in case
39174: If the bucket doesnt have an assigned value, return. Else check that its first character & last characters are alphabets only using Python
39175: This Python script uses regular expressions to match and extract specific patterns from strings, such as project names in the format 'Project1' or dataset/tables
39176: This function checks the input and returns it in different formats based on its type or content – when no argument provided; return an empty string - When
39177: This Python script splits the input string "name" into parts using ':' as separator and returns last part of split list, which is also
39178: This Python function calculates the value of 'n choose' using Euler Totient Function. It uses mathematical formula to calculate it and also handles edge
39179: This line of the given Python script returns all unique word tokens from an input sentence. It does so by iterating over each token and its corresponding tag
39180: This function converts file size from bytes to gigabytes. If the input is larger than 4GB it returns in Gigascale format
39181: This line of the Python script checks whether variable's data types are an integer. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending
39182: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39183: This function is used to convert the scan codes into an integer. If 'scan_code' equals zero, it returns value of zeros(i
39184: This Python script generates the URL to access SimFin's API using provided name as input parameter and returns it in one line of text formatting,
39185: This Python function calculates the sum of products between corresponding elements from two lists 'y' and another list. The product is calculated by multiplying each
39186: This Python script is used to strip leading and trailing spaces from the filename, then checks if it ends with either .char or punctuations (.
39187: This Python function converts Roman numerals to integers. It uses the builtin dictionary of roman numeral values and iterates over each character from left
39188: This function uses the `reduce` method from Python's builtin functions to apply an operation in reverse order. The lambda expression is used
39189: This line of the Python script initializes two instance variables, 'Start' and ‘End’ with values given by user input or default value if
39190: If the RPM is greater than 25,637 km/h then set min speed to be at least as high and max Speed
39191: This function checks whether the file is an archive or tarball, then lowercases all names before checking against certain terms to remove them from it; otherwise
39192: This function checks if the input number is even or odd. If it's an integer and divisible by three then returns 'true', otherwise depending
39193: This Python function calculates the two values based on input parameters 'm' and returns them. The first value is calculated as "(1/4
39194: Code is used to generate the first n numbers in an arithmetic progression. (Example usage of function call would be "generate_sequence
39195: This Python function calculates the zero power of an electromagnetic field, given its frequency and magnitude at center frequencies in MHz or GHz as inputs to return
39196: This Python script converts each character of the input string into its ASCII value and returns it as an integer list, which is essentially turning every letter
39197: This line of the given Python script divides 'res' by another number, then rounds to nearest whole integer. The result is returned as an output
39198: This Python script generates an array of names by appending numbers to duplicate fields. It ensures uniqueness and avoids conflicts with existing variables or functions within
39199: This function checks if the given string is one of two predefined strings. If it's either 'CODE', or any variation, then return
39200: If the length of topK is zero it returns [returning] zeros. Otherwise return average and maximum value in list/array 'Top K
39201: This python function converts decimal number to binary and counts the no. of ‘one’ bits or "set" bit positions present at even indices
39202: This line of the Python script checks if 'content_type' is either exactly equal to JSON, OR starts with application/, ends in +json
39203: Defines and implements the function to be used in reducing an iterable.  The implementation uses Python's builtin 'functools'.
39204: Creates an empty dictionary and adds the key "test" to it, then returns that information.  This is done in one line of Python script
39205: This python script is used to check if the given number can be represented as sum of three numbers. If it's possible then returns true else false
39206: This function takes in two parameters, 'word' and min length of the string to be returned with leading spaces using rstrip() method from Python language
39207: This Python function calculates the ratio of energy to be converted from kWh/hrs into BPM and then converts that value back down again
39208: This function calculates the accuracy of binary classification. It takes as input two lists, one with actual values and another ones corresponding to predicted or output value
39209: This Python script creates and returns an empty list, then fills it with the results of dividing each element from vec by val using iteration over its
39210: This is the template of markdown file. It contains placeholders that can be replaced with actual values in order to generate different MarkDown files based on
39211: This Python script calculates the number of elements that are not present as per their commonality between two lists.  The function takes into account both order
39212: This line of Python script returns all the .txt files from given list using List Comprehension and ends with ".py" as condition to filter
39213: This is an implementation of the formula "rate" times one minus its own reciprocal divided by time step". It's used to calculate exponential
39214: This line of the given Python script calculates an aggregate from data. If no such aggregation exists yet it initializes count to 0 and other
39215: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
39216: This line of Python script adds the values in two specified indices from an array. The result is returned as tuple with X and Y coordinates respectively –
39217: This Python function takes two sets as input and returns dictionaries with keys that are present only on the first or second of these inputs respectively; otherwise it
39218: This Python script is designed to handle the parallel processing of data. It checks whether it's being run on single/multi threaded systems and then
39219: This Python function generates coordinates based on the given parameters. The 'level' parameter determines how much detail to include in each coordinate pair; with higher levels
39220: Generates the path as one line. If there are multiple parts of file paths separated by slashes("/"), it will be joined together with forward slides
39221: This Python function calculates the amount of tax to be paid based on an inputted value, which is assumed as 'cantidad'. The result will
39222: This function reverses the input sequence and then appends "ACGT" to it. The result is returned as one string, with no spaces or
39223: This Python script uses bitwise operations to decrement the value of 'x' until it becomes ‘zero’. The number "i" is
39224: This line of the function returns input string with its first character capitalized, if it is not already in uppercase or lower case and does nothing otherwise
39225: If the minimum cost isn't set, return true. Else check whether QAOAE expectation value exceeds or equals to minimal expected outcome;
39226: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39227: This Python function takes in the center size of an object and calculates its bounding box coordinates based on that information using half sizes as well return these
39228: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' or not firstly verifies that it’s an object with type `str`
39229: If the input number is negative, reverse it and then negatively. Otherwise just reverses without changing anything to positive or zero respectively – returns same
39230: A dictionary is created with one key, value pair where the temperature in Celsius scale of that day's date stored as its corresponding data point
39231: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39232: This Python script reads the first row of an Excel file and creates columns from it based on specified conditions in if statement condition is True or False respectively depending
39233: This function takes two parameters, card number and invoic id. It returns the concatenation of these 3 parts separated by hyphen (-).
39234: This function checks whether the given string ends with ".one" or not, as well its length is 74 characters long; If it does then
39235: This Python function returns an array of boolean values, where each index corresponds to the position within 'allowed' set and its value is true if it exists
39236: If the variable 'bln_noFolder' is True, it returns. Otherwise - otherwise; then proceeds to another line of codes which is not
39237: This Python script converts the input degree value into hours, minuts and seconds. If negative sign is present in original number then it will convert to
39238: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39239: This Python script splits the string 'link' into two parts using split() function and converts both to their respective data types by converting them from
39240: This Python script reverses the string representation of an integer and converts it back to its original form.  It does not use any additional libraries or
39241: This line of the program splits an input string into separate bar strings and then filters out any empty or None values resulting in only nonempty lists that
39242: This line of the given Python script converts each element within 'position' from float to integer. The result is stored back into variable named "position
39243: This Python function calculates the present value of an investment, given its interest rate and time. It also adds up to find out total amount after adding
39244: If the device is not being charged, it sets its time to ‘zero’ and does nothing otherwise; calculates how long until next charge will
39245: This Python script splits the input string into separate rows, then appends each row to an output list if it'd be nonempty after removing
39246: This function takes in string `Base64` and returns the base 10 equivalent of it, if possible; otherwise false or error message respectively
39247: This Python function takes an angle in degrees as input, converts it to the range of [-pi; pi], then returns that value. If outside
39248: This Python script creates an array of the first fourteen weeks in terms. The list is then returned by function as output which can be used to track
39249: This function checks if the input 'blocks' contains only lists. If it does not contain any other data types like strings or numbers then returns true else
39250: This Python script is designed to extract the "identifiers" from an API's JSON output. The identifers are returned as list of strings
39251: This Python function takes three lists as input and returns the cross product of these two vectors. The inputs are assumed to be 0D or one dimensional
39252: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary 'Data' with key, value pairs. The slice name is used as keys in nested dictionaries under
39253: This Python function calculates the average of all elements in an input list.  It returns None if xs is empty, otherwise it will return float
39254: If the user has more than 6 permissions return false and allow descendant is true. Else do nothing or an empty dictionary depending on whether there
39255: This function converts the string representation of network Load Balancing method to its corresponding integer value. If it's not recognized, returns an error (-
39256: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
39257: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then iterates over the list of things provided as input to it using two loops - one loop is used on
39258: This line of the given Python script splits 'param' into an array using dot as separator.  The result is stored in variable ```
39259: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, with an additional step to limit overflow.  It uses bisection method in its calculation process and
39260: 返回一个包含状态、消息和置信度级别的字典。如果成功，则将"successful operation completed."作为响
39261: This script is used to interogates the source files of an application and checks if they contain any errors or warnings, returning true when there are no
39262: Code checks if the string 'str' equals to an empty String, null value of type Object in Java. 0/1 line solution only using
39263: This line of the given Python script is splitting an input string into individual "words" using underscores as delimiters, and then returning only
39264: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns minimum x value from two points. It also finds maximum y values between these 4 coordinates in
39265: This Python function takes as input the list of channels and returns two lists - one with those that are present both on target server & other servers listed by
39266: This Python function takes an integer of total time in seconds and converts it into equivalent format HH : MM. The result is returned as string
39267: This Python function takes as input an array of sequences and returns the concatenation or "flattened" version. The result is also returned, but
39268: This Python function calculates the sum of 'source' and '-background'. It then subtracts that from both, multiplies by background before adding
39269: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'Contributions' object to add any contributors who have been picked by someone else
39270: This Python function splits the input string on '-' and returns second part of split if it exists, else return original value itself – Code is
39271: This Python function cleans the list of sentences by removing punctuation and converting all characters to lowercase, then appends each cleaned sentence into an empty string
39272: This Python function takes in string input, splits it by commas and returns the result as dictionary where keys are values from first part of each pair
39273: This Python function calculates the Julian Day Number based on given date parameters, month and leap years are taken into account in calculation of days since epoch
39274: This line of the Python script is used to extract file name from full path. It does so by using 'basenam' function and then removing
39275: This Python function checks the value of 'sun\_height' and returns ‘True’ or "False" based on whether it is greater than (-
39276: This Python script splits the URL into its components and returns only one of them, or leaves it as is in case there are no more than
39277: This Python function splits the input list of strings into integers and floats, respectively using provided separators key; otherwise it returns an empty array/
39278: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/tuple.  It uses slicing to achieve that, which is an efficient
39279: This function checks if the input is either an empty string ("") –or— it's of type 'str', and returns True only when
39280: This Python script checks the heat flow rate of each item in an array. If it's positive, then return 'heated', otherwise - cooling
39281: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. It takes as input three parameters, where 't' is used to determine how far along
39282: If the key 'Resource' is present, return its value. Else check other keys and do so until it finds one that exists or returns None
39283: If the variable 'portObj' does not exist, return an empty list. Else it returns what was stored in that object as its value or
39284: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on four numbers, with one variable being multiplied by another. The result is then returned as
39285: This line of Python script returns the array 'sorted' by its length. The result is an ordered list where elements are arranged in ascending order
39286: This Python script converts the input string into an XML document if it's missing, and adds default tags to make sure that there is always at
39287: If the input is within valid ranges, it returns an output string. Otherwise throws Value Error with appropriate message about invalid value of '${SPE
39288: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
39289: This Python script checks if the given string has balanced brackets or not using list data structure and pop function of python language, which is used to remove
39290: This Python function calculates the maximum sum of all possible subarray sums from an array. It uses list comprehension to generate each potential subset and then
39291: This Python script splits the input string into intervals, and if an interval is not found it simply adds its value to 'A'. The result of
39292: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' an object that can be split into lines using '\r\t', then returns its first line
39293: This Python function takes as input the list of bounding boxes and returns their normalized versions. The normalization is done by dividing each coordinate with its respective
39294: This line of the Python function returns all characters in 'nick' except its first and last character. It also adds an invisible separator between these
39295: This program opens the specified .txt or csv files and reads its content. The function then returns that text as string which can be used further in
39296: This Python function calculates the number of microseconds per sample given its Sampling Rate. It'll be used to convert time from seconds into more
39297: This function calculates the total of all second elements from 'processed data'.  It's used to calculate average.  ```python Code is
39298: This Python function converts the dictionary "dict resource type", and then adds another key value pair to it. The new data is stored in 'Out
39299: Initializes variables to default values. (END SUMMARY).   Code snippet not provided in the question, but it's generally
39300: This python script calculates the weight of each feature in an image classification task. The weights are calculated based on their importance, which is determined by two
39301: This function concatenates the string with an empty space. It's used to add spaces between strings in Python programming language, similar as how we do
39302: This Python script creates an empty string and then iterates over the list of reviews. It concatenatively adds each item to it, resulting into one long
39303: This Python function calculates the square of an input number. The result is returned as output in one line using assignment statement and return keyword respectively, which
39304: If the shape of 'tensor' and its corresponding size are equal, return true. Otherwise raise an error with specific message about what is wrong in assignment
39305: This line of the given Python function returns an element from two dimensions array at position [I,J]. The elements are multiplied by 10
39306: Checks if the two given IDs are equal. If so, returns True; otherwise False – Code snippet to be used in other
39307: If the input 'index' has type tuples then it returns an updated version of that same value with ‘+= ’ operator applied to
39308: This function checks if the maximum of one set is greater than or equal to minimum from another. It also verifies that second max value in other case
39309: This Python function calculates the ratio of each value to its total. It returns list comprehension that contains ratios calculated from these calculations, which is then
39310: If the 'None' object or dictionary type data passed to it as an argument then return "Default" else check whether inputted value has been provided
39311: This Python script takes an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given 'text' variable using strip(), then splits that cleaned
39312: This function returns the input string, but only when it is not empty. If its size exceeds 'max' characters long then truncates to three dots
39313: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the length of each trace from inputted data set 'trances'. If any trance
39314: This function checks the value of 'humidity' and returns either string, "'OK'" or"'High'' depending on its condition. The range is
39315: This Python function calculates the probabilities of an array based on maximum possible value and exponential distribution formula, then returns them as list with same length to match
39316: This Python function calculates the difference in days between two timestamps, taking into account an epoch offset. The result is then converted to seconds and
39317: This Python function calculates the size of each row in bytes. It joins all rows together with provided separators and then measures its length using builtin
39318: Copies the dictionary and then iterates over its keys, checking if each value of type integer or floating point number exists within it; If so -
39319: This function returns the number of decimal places in an integer. It does so by splitting n into its whole and fractional parts, then returning how many
39320: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers, taking into account their difference and absolute value. The result is then returned as an integer if possible
39321: This function checks the type of input 'system' to decide what action should be taken. If it’is string - return as usual; 	if
39322: This Python function is used to format the string of feature names in runtime environment, e..g., RuntimeEnab... 1st line will be
39323: This Python function checks whether the input 'is_active' variable in an object of class `User` or not based on its string representation as lower
39324: This Python script removes the file named 'filename' and then writes text to it in an overwritten manner using write() function of python’s built
39325: Code returns true if the file has an appropriate or correct "valid" format.  It checks whether 'file' is of type '.txt', and
39326: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
39327: This is the implementation of binary shift operator in Python. It checks whether 'n' number itself or its half, and depending on it being even/
39328: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionaries, and returns one dictionary that combines all these statistics into an overall single statistic object with keys
39329: This Python function flattens an inputted 'nested' or "multidimensional" array into one dimension using recursion and the built
39330: This function compares two numbers and returns whether the first is greater than second.  It does not use any conditional statements or loops, so it'
39331: This function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list joined by commas in string format using Python's join() method, similar
39332: This Python function checks whether the input value is None or an empty string. If it's either of these two values then returns zero; otherwise return
39333: This line of Python script returns the keys from dictionary in alphabetical order as list, which is equivalent to sorting it by its own key attribute
39334: This Python function checks whether the given number is present as an account ID within our dictionary of accounts. If it's there, then return that value
39335: This function takes two lists as input and returns the summed values at corresponding positions in these inputs. If lengths are not equal it throws an appropriate message
39336: This function checks whether the variable 'var' is equal to value of constant "X" or not. If it matches, then returns false; otherwise
39337: A Python dictionary with nominal scenario properties and no faulty scenarios defined in it"  	Explanation of the solution/code is not provided as
39338: This Python function counts the number of successful Go trials and No go trial events. It uses an iterable object 'eventcodes' to process each
39339: This Python function removes leading whitespace from the start of each string in an input list. It does not modify nonstring inputs or strings that do have
39340: This Python script checks if MOSEK is required, and returns the appropriate tags. If not needed it will return only ['no-sandbox
39341: This function returns the last price in an array of stock market data.  It's used to get real time updates on stocks and other financial instruments
39342: Prints the word "return" and returns true. This is used in conjunction with other functions to control flow of execution within an application or script."
39343: This function takes an input string and returns the integer equivalent of that hexadecimal number. The base is set to one sixteen in Python'
39344: If the 'None' check fails and if there are no items to iterated over then it returns true; otherwise checks each item of `cla
39345: This function takes in two parameters, $s and f. It returns the string concatenation of '<' + s +  ': SENT - sent
39346: This function converts the input into string format if it isn’t already and also joins lists of values with commas in case they are present else
39347: This script generates the list of tfvar files based on environment and/or regions provided by user or default values if not given in command line arguments
39348: This Python script is designed to perform wind and topology simulations on the given inputs from an external file or command line argument using numpy library in python
39349: This function checks the input 'capacity' and returns it. If not within specified range then raises an error with appropriate message"  |  Python Code
39350: This function checks the type of 'model' and returns different keywords based on its value. If it is not one among ['cycle', '_rank'],
39351: This Python function takes in two lists, 'mode' and the list of strings as input. The first element is subtracted by one to get an
39352: If the number of targets is greater than or equal to scan engines available then it calculates how many times each engine should be used. Otherwise all are
39353: This Python function checks the input and returns either true/False based on it; also handles special cases like “No” / `Yes` etc
39354: This function adds two numbers together. It checks if all the input values are positive or not before proceeding with their addition operation to avoid any negative results in
39355: This Python function calculates the number of matching elements between two sequences. It checks each element from both lists, compares them with an exception handling mechanism
39356: This Python script calculates the equation of one point on an infinite horizontal segment with another. The slope is calculated using linear interpolation between two points and
39357: This Python script splits the input string by '``' and returns second part of split result, which is usually the username in GitHub URLs
39358: This Python function returns the reverse of an integer. If input is 3 it will return '[98764...], else as long
39359: This function checks whether the current touch is within certain conditions. If it's true, returns '1', else '-1'. Otherwise return "None
39360: This function calculates the quaternion multiplication. It takes two lists as input and returns their product in form of another 4 elements long array [
39361: This Python function takes three sets as input, and returns the same 3 lists of elements. If any element in these inputs are `None` then
39362: Count the number of vowels ("A", e"I","O") present at even indices. The function counts only those characters that are found on
39363: This Python function calculates the offset of each voctal coordinate within an array. The number 'bytes per VOXEL' is determined by
39364: This Python script splits the input file's full paths into two parts, one excluding its last directory and another including it as is in list
39365: This Python function takes in string format of hours/minutes and seconds separated by ":" as input; if the conversion is successful it returns total number
39366: This script is used to extract the names of default Panles from an object named 'case' if it exists, otherwise returns empty list or None depending
39367: This line of the program is updating both coordinates by adding their respective velocities. The function returns these updated values as tuples in Python programming language
39368: This Python script calculates the first positive integer that is not present within an array of size ‘M’ times its index plus one and prints it
39369: This script counts the number of seats that are not available on any row/column, ie., it returns 1 if there is an empty space
39370: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two patches given their minimum and maximum coordinates in an image or other similar context using pixel values as input
39371: This function calculates the checksum using bitwise operations. The lambda functions are used to perform left shift and addition respectively on each pair of bits
39372: This line of the Python script calculates and returns difference between given number 'jd' with another constant value, which is equal to "minus two million
39373: If the variable 'X' isn’t assigned any value, it raises an error. “Not none” assertion checks whether X has been set
39374: This Python function replaces special characters with their HTML entities equivalent, which is useful when dealing directly within an XML or other string format that uses these symbols
39375: This function is used to generate the name of database from given string 'dbName'. It checks each character if it's an alphanumeric
39376: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39377: This line of the function returns −(Y+Z). It is equivalent to subtracting Z from Y and then multiplying by negative one,
39378: This function calculates the sum of two quantities, one with an exponential decay factor and another without. The first quantity is multiplied by ‘epsilon
39379: This function takes an angle in degree as input and returns the same value but with 9 possible cases handled. It handles negative angles by adding or subt
39380: Finds the first element of an array that matches with another given value. If no match is found it raises exception "couldn't" and
39381: If the list 'value' is empty, it returns "None". Otherwise return minimum value in that array.  Code snippet used to find
39382: Returns True if the given string starts with "INSERT INTO", False otherwise, ignoring case differences and whitespace at start/end of strings
39383: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - side lengths and returns their respective areas in
39384: This line of the Python script is used to extract and return only one word from each sentence in 'content'. The first nonempty string it encounters
39385: This Python function takes an 'intput string' as its parameter and returns the reverse of that. It does so by iterating over each character from
39386: This script tries to find the maximum number of keys in dictionary d and calculates sparisty factor based on that, then it finds out how
39387: This function replaces the special characters &amp with ' and "'. The other two are replaced by their respective single quotes or double quote marks depending on
39388: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the rounded value of that number. ..., Python Code ends here"   }}}}}}
39389: This Python script adds the values of "scores", and multiplies it by an expression that calculates battery power, then takes absolute value to get
39390: This script counts the frequency of each document present within an input dictionary 'a'. The result is stored as {document : count}.  It then returns
39391: Sorts the scores and alternatives based on their corresponding index. If 'True' is passed as argument to function then it sorts them descendingly else
39392: Initializes the variable "flag" to False. (END OF SUMMARY.)   [Solution] Code snippet is as follows
39393: This function converts any null values to `None`. If the input type isn't string or not an array of strings then it returns as
39394: If the logger name is found, it replaces its value with that of 'Logger Name' and deletes from dictionary.  Return updated dicton
39395: This Python function checks whether the input is an Armstrong Number or not. An armstron numeral, in which each digit raised to power of
39396: This Python function converts an integer to its equivalent binary representation using the variable length encoding scheme, which is similar in concept with base64 but uses
39397: This function checks whether the current object's method has been decorated with @staticmethods, ie., it returns true when called on an instance of
39398: This Python function returns the month name based on its number. If input is not  between  |  and  |, it will return 'Invalid' as
39399: If the object 'obj' has an instance of class "Expr", then it evaluates obj using context. Otherwise do nothing or return None depending on
39400: If both 'None' are passed as arguments to the function then it returns "none". Otherwise calculates two numbers. The first number will be zero
39401: If the 'errors' parameter is set to ignore or replace then it returns an empty string. Otherwise raises either unicodedataerror exception with specified
39402: This script is used to sort the data based on different types. It uses dictionaries and loops as its main operations."      Summary of your
39403: This function returns the path to an image file based on its description. The name of each img is appended with .jpg extension and stored in "
39404: This line of the script is extracting only one part from path using Python's built in function 'os'. It splits given ```python
39405: This function converts the value of an angle from degrees to radians. It multiplies by two five and divides it with three six, then
39406: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you can use any language, but Python is
39407: This Python function calculates the determinant of 3 points. The result is compared to zero, returning True if they are equal and False otherwise."
39408: This function takes in an input string, removes all occurrences of the character "==" from it and returns that modified version as output –
39409: This line of the program calculates two intervals that are likely to contain some common elements between 'p1' and 'P'. The first interval is
39410: This Python function takes as input two lists of numpy ndarray objects and returns the resultant one single 3D Numpy Array after
39411: Checks if the URL contains "Twitter's website and status page".  If so, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending
39412: Reads and returns the content of file named filename in one line using Python' builtin function read().  This is an example usage where "f
39413: This function checks the given 'allel's value and returns its corresponding genotype or '-'. If it is not found, then return an error
39414: This function calculates precision and recall of an algorithm based on the number true positives ('np') , false negatives('nnf'), total positive
39415: This function returns the minimum of two numbers. The first number is always less than or equal to 'transition seconds' times ten and second one will be
39416: Reads and returns the content of file in one line using Python' builtin function "open" – read lines from text files on disk to
39417: This Python script reads an XML file and replaces all decimal points with zeros before setting the attributes of each Particles element within that tree structure to
39418: This Python script generates all possible combinations of nodes from the given list 'paths'. The result is stored as lists within another main output array, "result
39419: This line of Python script replaces all instances in the string "text" that contain both '\r' and '\\', with only one instance,
39420: This Python function checks whether the key 'user' is present or not and assigns it to ```None``` otherwise; then returns another dictionary with
39421: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from another configuration file. The resulting 'default' dictionaries are then returned by function
39422: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between two numbers and handles exceptions if either of them are not defined; it also checks whether both inputs have same
39423: Prints the list of available and active functions.  Returns to main menu or exit program based on user input in terminal/command line interface(CL
39424: This Python function converts an ordered dictionary to two dictionaries that map items and their IDs respectively using the Lambda sorting method on both directions
39425: This Python function returns the appropriate string based on an input number. If it's 0, then 'None', and otherwise return one of three
39426: This Python script converts all the alphabets to lowercase. It does so by iterating over each character of inputted text and checking
39427: This Python function checks whether the input string is either 'Y' ('Yes') in lower case, ‘N’('No'), else it returns
39428: This function splits the input string into two parts based on "-" and returns them in separate variables as strings without any leading or trailing whitespace
39429: This Python script initializes the variable 'scores' to 0 and then iterates over each element of list. If an item is greater than
39430: This line of the Python script checks if 'step' is currently running or queued.  It does so by checking whether its status state ("STATE
39431: This function takes two integer inputs and returns their product.  It's called "multiply" because it multiplies the numbers together, not
39432: This Python script calculates an equation using linear regression. The coefficients of x and y are given as input parameters to function 'linear_regression'.
39433: Checks if the input date is in valid format. If it's not then returns False else True  Code snippet to be used as
39434: This function converts the Unix timestamp to UTC time in Python using 'dateutil' library, which is equivalent of date and times functionality provided by
39435: Checks the given object to see whether it’s an instance of function with no arguments; returns its name when true else checks further based on types
39436: This Python function generates batched ranges based on the number of sentences and their size as input parameters to it using integer division operation '//'. If there
39437: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39438: This function takes two vectors as input and returns their dot product. The result is calculated by multiplying the corresponding elements of both vector, then summing
39439: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is obtained by shifting bits to right and masking with '&' operator on byte
39440: This line of the given Python function returns 'x' multiplied by ten to power Adb divided with Ten. The result is returned as an integer
39441: This script returns the number of partitions per broker from an instance's list, which is used to determine how many workers are needed on each node when
39442: This line of Python script calculates the number "20,147" plus half an integer division result from two other numbers ("mjd
39443: This function raises an error when the input is empty, and then returns both maximum value in that case as well minimum.  It does not use any
39444: This line of the program is setting two variables, 'max' and ‘min’. The first variable sets to be either value in index [
39445: This Python function checks the health event's environment and returns 'productioN', or, it will return test'. If an exception occurs during execution
39446: This function decreases the z coordinate of all points by one. It checks whether or not it's time to drop them, based on their position within
39447: This function returns the first two elements in an array, sorted. If there is only one element or no such sorting exists return that single value as
39448: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39449: This function takes in an array of tuples and returns the first half value from each tuple. The second part is to divide by two as well
39450: This Python function calculates the weight of an object based on its initial mass and gamma, which is then used to calculate how much energy was lost in
39451: This Python function calculates the square root of phi LT Theta Com plus sqrt((lambda LTSThetacom^ – λ
39452: This line of Python script opens the file named filename in append mode and writes text to it using write() function from python's builtin 'file
39453: This function scales the input 'y' by subtracting its minimum value from it and then adding back to make sure that y is in range [min
39454: If one of the inputs are `None` it returns other input. Else return minimum and maximum coordinates from two given rectangles/boxes in
39455: This Python script creates two lists from the input list 'p' and then finds out their minimums & maximumes. The result is returned as four
39456: This Python script prints the slot number and logical par ID. It then uses fstring to format strings that include these variables into one long string which is
39457: If the 'version' parameter isn’t provided, it will return an concatenation of ‘ecosystem': ':', and then followed by
39458: This function scales the input value to fit within an output range. It's useful when you want your data values between 0 and n, where
39459: Code converts 3D point to tuple format. The function takes in three parameters, the first two are integers and represent x & y coordinates of
39460: If the string st is not empty, convert it to upper case and split into an array of lowercased strings. Then map each word in that
39461: This function breaks down the class name into two parts based on whether it contains an Uppercase letter or not and returns them as separate strings if found;
39462: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
39463: This Python function checks the name of an EFL leagues and returns its corresponding abbreviation. If it doesn't match any, then return original
39464: This Python function checks whether the given volumeric_flow rate(VOFLRA), which is usually in m^3, per second;
39465: If the list is not empty, it returns false. Otherwise if all elements in open and closed lists are equal then true else otherwise -1
39466: This function checks if the current position in both Melodic Scale & Cantabrian Firmas scale is within certain intervals. If it'
39467: This function calculates the flow_rate using given parameters. The formula is derived from fluid dynamics and it'll be used to calculate how much stream
39468: This Python script generates the list of tuples from an inputted dictionary, where each tuple contains two elements that are obtained by swapping one element
39469: This Python script deletes all keys with value 'None' from the given dictionary `dict_name` and returns it as resultant dict object,
39470: If the sum of all elements in 'items' is zero, return 1. Else subtract average value from total and divide by count to
39471: Creates and populates an empty dictionary with the contents of another hashmap but excludes certain keys from it using Python's builtin 'if
39472: This Python function replaces all occurrences of T with U in the input string. It then does another replacement operation on that result to convert A
39473: This function converts the input byte string to its utf 16 representation. It is used in some specific cases where we need unicode strings from
39474: This Python function checks if two files are the same, ignoring case differences but considering only last character of each filename to check whether it is 'C
39475: This line of the script returns an array with only one element, which is taken from each tuple within 'choices' list. The first item inside
39476: This script loops through the tasks of each item within 'Playbooks' and changes their name to its corresponding PlayBook Name.  It is used as
39477: This line of the given Python script is defining two variables, 'grad' and its type. The first variable holds an object that represents some form or
39478: This function checks whether the given object is of type 'buildbot' and returns true or false accordingly. – [Your Name] -[Date
39479: Checks whether the string contains an uppercase letter, followed by any number of lower case letters or underscores (_). If so it returns True
39480: Code that converts the given list of numbers into an array. The function takes two parameters, 'numbers' and ‘limit’ which is
39481: A function that returns the letter at index 'num' in alphabetical order. If input is out of range, it will throw an error message
39482: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'ENV' is set and, If it isn’t present or its value doesn‘nt match with
39483: This Python function calculates the average of points based on their frequency occurrence within given dictionary data structure 'distribution'.  It returns one line that summarizes
39484: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
39485: This Python script checks whether the input 'path' variable can be split into two parts using either string or tuples and converts it to its
39486: This function calculates precision and recall based on the predicted sum of values in an array along with their corresponding ground truth sums from another list/array respectively
39487: This Python function returns the same string as input. It repeats until it gets to match with itself, then clears out and starts over from scratch
39488: If the 'element' object contains an id, return that. Otherwise check whether it is part of another dictionary and try to find its identifier within those
39489: This Python script reads an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace from each of its individual strings using the strip method on every element within it
39490: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39491: This function splits the input 'string' into list format using specified delimiter.  It returns that resulting List in Python language as output of
39492: This Python function takes an input string, 'key', and returns the value associated with that path within some configuration dictionary or list using dot notation as separ
39493: This Python function checks whether the input 'vector' variable starts with an opening bracket "[" or not by using `isInstance` method of python
39494: This function returns the string enclosed in tags. The first parameter is used as opening and closing HTML element while second one acts like content inside those elements
39495: This Python function checks if the URL ends with either .png, pkg/exe files and returns true when it does otherwise false is returned based on
39496: This function returns the URL of TED Talcks browse page with specific pagination number as input parameter 'Page'. (END SUMMARY.)
39497: Copies the original dataset and increments each value by 1, then returns it as is without any changes to its initial state or reference of '
39498: This Python function calculates the values of 'multiplyer', ‘increment’ and "modulo" based on two given state variables
39499: This Python script creates an empty string and then fills it with spaces. The number of times the loop runs is determined by 'range' function which starts
39500: Return the values of certain keys from an API response dictionary.  The returned object will contain only those specified in 'keys'. If any key is not
39501: This function returns the opposite of its input, 'X' becomes an ‘O’ and vice versa. If it receives any other value than
39502: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
39503: Code snippet to normalise variation descriptor using BioPython library in Python 3; returns dictionary with normalized data about the given Variations Descriptor
39504: This line of the Python script converts all data to lowercase. It then checks if it is equal or contains any value from an array ["True
39505: A simple Python function that returns the dictionary { "success" : true }.  This is used to indicate successful execution of an operation in API responses
39506: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by slicing strings. It's doing so with one less operation than required, which makes
39507: This script generates the list of Terraform variable files to be used in conjunction with other scripts or modules that require these variables as input parameters, based on
39508: This function checks if the input 'segm' can be considered as an instance of type "list". If it does then returns True else False.
39509: This Python script removes elements that are also present as an item of another given inputted lists, ie., it finds the common items and remove them
39510: This Python function creates two dictionaries to store the label and titles of different types. It checks if certain keys exist within 'labels' list; then
39511: This Python function takes in the input as an array of strings, and returns another one with each string's first character capitalized.  It uses
39512: This function calculates the value of an expression using recursion. The base case is when `n` equals to zero it returns one and in other
39513: This function calculates the number of pairs in an array with 'number' items, where each pair consists two elements and all are distinct from one another
39514: This Python script counts the number of visible keptpoints from each annotation. It uses list comprehension to filter out any nonpositive values, and then
39515: This Python script handles the removal of certain keys from dictionary based on their presence and type within an inputted object, 'user'.  If no such
39516: This line of Python script calculates the square root difference between two numbers. The result is then divided by twelve to get an average value, which can
39517: If the key "property" is present and within its nested dictionary, return value of property named. Else returns an empty string – Code sn
39518: This Python script generates all possible combinations of ‘power’ numbers between the two given integers and adds them to 'set' data structure which automatically removes
39519: This function returns the result of applying 'sign' to input x. The output is either -1, 0 or +1 depending on whether `
39520: This function returns the list of Network Resources from given dictionary object 'network'. If "NetworkResource" key is not present in dict, it will default
39521: This Python script generates an SQL query based on the given parameters. The first parameter is used to formulate and constructing part of your SELECT statement while
39522: This function checks whether two strings are equal, ignoring case. If the first string is empty it returns true; otherwise check second one too - return
39523: This Python function finds the index of '0' from right to left. If there are no zeros it returns length minus one else return current position
39524: This Python function counts the number of differences between two strings. It does so by comparing each character from both input string and incrementing 'diff' if
39525: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase, counts occurrences of 'c' and '/n', then returns count divided by length
39526: This function returns the value of variable 'gra' in Python. The underscore (_), used to indicate that it is not being directly accessed or modified
39527: This Python script creates an output list by iterating over the input vector and creating tuples of coefficients with their degrees. The result is then returned
39528: This function takes in one string and checks whether it is empty or not; If yes then returns 'None', else splits the input into two parts
39529: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (def long_string ["Hello", "", null,
39530: This line of the program is creating an array called "items" that contains all elements from 0 to n - one less than its index. It
39531: This function calculates the concentration of carbon dioxyde in water at different temperatures using an exponential decay model, with parameters derived from experimental data and
39532: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39533: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension result. It multiplies each element 't' by its corresponding value from another iterable, and
39534: A function that creates an object representing the structure of nested dictionary. The input is list 'parameters' which contains dictionaries with keys and values as per
39535: This function checks whether the given URL starts with "gs:/", and, in case it does start so do some processing to extract bucket name from Google
39536: This line of the program is used to print an underline on or off. It's useful in various contexts where you want something visually distinct
39537: This function checks if the file system is set to automatical mount in configuration files and returns true when it's found, otherwise false/empty
39538: This Python script checks the current round's team. If it’is ‘red, return 'Team Red'. Else check whether its blue
39539: This Python function calculates the average of three numbers. It adds up all these values and then divides by two to get an overall result, taking
39540: This Python function generates an output string that is formatted according to the query parameters. The formatting includes name, class of service and IP address fields from
39541: This line of Python script creates an array that contains the different types or styles you can use to create outlines in your text. These are commonly used
39542: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39543: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'field_dict' where value contains word “maybe” or not found;
39544: The function checks whether the reply variable's type matches with 'list'. If it doesn’t match then return false. Otherwise continue to execute next
39545: This python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from each of its input files' rows based on their content; then returns that
39546: Code handles different cases of the input string. It splits it into three or four segments depending on its number; then adjusts each segment based off
39547: This Python function splits the input string into separate sentences based on spaces, returning them as list of strings in order they appeared during splitting process –
39548: A list of different types or activity that can be performed. 1st line is the name, second one describes what it does and lastly third
39549: Return 'True' or False based on the status of jobs. If any other value is found, it returns false/undefined and stops further execution with
39550: This function takes an array as input and returns the elements of that list joined by newline characters.  The result is then printed to stdout using
39551: This script checks the presence of an Authorisation header and modifies it to include token as prefix only when present with valid formatting ie starts from
39552: This Python function calculates the difference between two sums of squares. The first is calculated by adding each number in an array, and then squaring that
39553: If the length of 'requested' is less than 1 then it calculates and assigns to "Detectors" based on difference between
39554: This function joins all the elements in an iterable with newline characters. The result is then returned as one string."  # noqa E
39555: This function returns the texture at index number. It is used to access textures in an array of possible textsured objects, based on their indices provided
39556: This function calculates the value of an expression. The variables are named as 'a', '-b' and '_c'. It uses these to calculate
39557: This function checks if the given object 'obj' belongs to class "IO" in Python. It returns True or False based on whether it does/
39558: This function checks if the input is either list or tuples. If it's not one of these two types then an AssertionError will
39559: This Python function divides each element of the input list by its corresponding fourth value, if it's not zero else returns original values as is
39560: This line of the Python script returns all characters from index 3 onwards in 'pattern' string. The function is used to remove first two elements
39561: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39562: This function takes two parameters, n and sec. It returns the result of multiplying these values together with 1/sr rounded to nearest whole number
39563: This line of Python script creates the string 'negation' by concatenating two strings. The first one is an empty space, and then it adds
39564: This Python function checks the input 'val' and returns an output based on whether it is either zero ('[', ->')or one('['
39565: This loop continues to divide the 'data size' by increasing multiples of ten until it is less than one. The result will be an approximation or
39566: This function divides the data points into bins and returns their counts, if they are greater than or equal to 'minNumber'. If not it append
39567: This Python script splits the string "name" into separate segments using '.' as delimiter and returns last segment of split list which is also
39568: This function checks if every row of the matrix is filled with Trues. If so, it returns true; otherwise false or None depending on whether there
39569: Code is setting the variable "bus_delay" to 0 and then filtering out all trips with id equal than given 'trip_ids'
39570: This Python script checks if the given 'account id' contains only digits and/or lowercase letters from "a" to f". If it
39571: If the function does not find any solutions, it returns "None". Otherwise，it calculates and return two values. The first value should be
39572: This Python script converts the seat codes into their corresponding rows and columns. The first seven characters of each string are converted to an integer in base two
39573: This Python script generates an array of four elements, each filled with the value obtained by bitwise ANDing and shifting operations. The final result is calculated
39574: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns two bytes in little endian order. The first byte is the least significant half of that number while
39575: This function takes an Int as input and shifts the bits to left by 1 bit, then right again. The result is returned in decimal form which
39576: This function checks whether the given string contains "layernorm,", “Beta” and/or ' bias'. If any of these are
39577: This Python script generates the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points within an input list 'coords'. The output is returned as four separate numbers. These
39578: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39579: This Python function calculates the next value of 'f' and two variables based on their previous values. The new variable is returned as output from each
39580: This line of Python script splits the string "stuff" into individual word(s). The result is stored in list called `words` which
39581: The function checks whether the length of permutation and document are equal. If not, it returns false as they can't be compared to each other
39582: A function that multiplies the string 'name' by 3. The result is then concatenated with another String object, which holds an initial greet
39583: This Python function calculates the polynomial equation using given coefficient and power. The result is returned as 'polynomial'. It uses list of coeff
39584: This Python function raises an error when the bit number is not within valid ranges. The only acceptable values are between [b=[negative, positive]
39585: This Python function generates an integer from the binary representation of two's complement. It takes as input one string 'rep', which represents its 3
39586: This script normalizes the RGB values to be between [c=min([m],[max])] and {x} respectively by setting them within
39587: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two numbers. If both are positive or zero then it returns one half plus minimum between numerator
39588: Implemented the function to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. (Note that it is not necessary in Python,
39589: This Python function takes an input list, and returns the value at index 0 in that same order as it was originally arranged by using folds of
39590: This script joins the directory path with each file name from an input list of filenames and returns it as output which is then saved to another location
39591: This function checks whether the input 'None', an empty string or ends with '%'. If it does, then removes that character and tries to convert into
39592: This function converts the number into binary representation.  The result is returned as string in Python language using builtin "format" and "%s".
39593: This Python function converts hexadecimal string to RGB values. It takes the first six characters of an inputted Hex color, and then
39594: This Python function calculates the version number based on back height. If it's less than or equal to zero, then increments by one;
39595: This Python function converts time in milliseconds to the number of day/hour and minute. It does so by first converting it into integer values
39596: If the input is an empty sequence, raise error. Otherwise continue with next step of processing based on data type provided by user via command line argument -
39597: This function takes an input string, converts it to upper case and splits the resultant strings by '.'. Then joins these split results with
39598: This function checks if the provided 'dbinstance' has valid licensing model. If it doesn’t, an error is raised with appropriate message and
39599: This line of Python function calculates the induced quasisteady energy by multiplying an external field strength 'x' with electron charge density. The
39600: This function calculates the value of an expression based on input data, which is then returned as output from another part in your program or script/function
39601: This Python function calculates the sum of three strings, concatenating them and returning it.  The variables 's' are assumed to be defined elsewhere
39602: This function retrieves the "Rank" value from an object, if it exists; otherwise returns 'None'. If there's also another key
39603: Code checks if the first character of an ID is one among {, (, or [. The rest can be any alphanumeric characters and unders
39604: This function returns the first element of an array. It's used to get some initial data or information from your program before it starts processing other elements
39605: This Python script creates an array of lists with two elements where the first element is assigned from input list 'K' and second one represents its index position
39606: This Python script creates an array of the same length as 'quals' and fills it with values from qua minus three. The result is stored
39607: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value that represents how much padding is needed. The calculation involves subtracting Kernel size from width
39608: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each element of the given 'dataset' and appends its second column to our new created
39609: This Python function checks the major part of an inputted 'dataone' object and returns its corresponding string representation. If it doesn’t recognize any
39610: This line of Python script converts Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the degrees in farenheight from
39611: If the object passed as an argument to function 'check_tuple' or any other method/function in your program checks whether its type. It
39612: This Python script checks whether the given number 'X' entered by user or function argument exists. If it does exist and its an Integer then check that
39613: This function checks if the status of an object is not equal to 'paused'.  It returns True or False. If it's paused,
39614: This function calculates the number of times an input 'value' appears in list. It uses map and lambda to iteratively check each element against
39615: A function that maps uid to different servers based on the first character of their id. If no mapping is found it returns 'unknown'.  The
39616: This function checks if the input 'object' s can be considered as an instance of class List. If it does not have any elements or its type
39617: This Python function removes trailing slashes from the end of string 's' if it exists, until there is no more such ending in "//
39618: This line of the script checks if there are any special characters or numbers at index 0 and/or second character. If so, it returns False
39619: This function converts the first character of each word in an input string to lowercase. It does not modify any other characters or punctuation, and
39620: A loop that generates and returns the list of VLANs within given start & stop values as strings using Python' builtin function `for`
39621: Returns an object with the id set to "None", of specified 'analysis' and has its own attribute named as per given in input.
39622: If the x coordinates of one bounding box are not within another, return false. Otherwise check y coordinate and then z dimension as well to see whether
39623: If the value of 'b' is zero, return one. Else check whether it equals to be equal with another number and then returns either minus
39624: This Python function swaps two variables. It uses the mathematical property of addition to swap values between them without needing an extra temporary variable or storing intermediate results
39625: This Python function removes the first occurrence of any substring enclosed by square brakets from input string "PePtIdEs" and returns
39626: A function that returns the value of an option with given 'options' and matching its key, or default if it doesn’t exist; otherwise return
39627: This Python script creates an empty list called 'coups' and then fills it with the values of indices from one to six where there is no value
39628: This function checks if the path ends with one of several file types, determined by an iterable list 'extensions'. If it does end up returning True
39629: This function checks if the right ascension ra is between 30° to  79,814 °N inclusively AND
39630: This function calculates the first element of an array by subtracting its second from one. It then multiplies that result with another value, which is
39631: This line of Python script splits the input string 'action' into two parts using ':', and then converts both to lowercase before returning them
39632: This Python function splits the input string into individual elements, then capitalizes each element and joins them back together with spaces between every two items except last
39633: This function returns the maximum of two given values. It first finds out which value is smaller and then takes that as minimum among all three numbers to ensure
39634: If the 'images' list is empty, return "None". Otherwise continue with processing. – Code explanation in one line without any context or additional
39635: This Python function calculates the number of characters that are different between two strings but not both being "N". It uses list comprehension to iteratively
39636: This script is used to create an empty list, then iterates over each item within the 'data' variable and appends its values into another temporary
39637: This line checks whether the device has GPU support and returns true or false accordingly based on that condition, which is available in PyTorch library version
39638: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39639: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39640: This script is used to duplicate the given string multiple times. It's an example of how Python can be utilized in web development, particularly HTML generation
39641: This function checks the type of an item and returns three boolean values based on its nature. If it's not recognized as any known one - i
39642: A 1D list of height x width grid filled with "dot" characters. This is the initial state or layout/configuration before any operations are
39643: This Python function checks if the length of all elements is unique or not and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition – it'll return
39644: Implemented the function to calculate area of triangle using Heron's formula.``` (END SUMMARY).   --> This line
39645: This function replaces all non ASCII characters in the given string with their escaped versions using regular expressions and Python' builtin functions, as per requirement
39646: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
39647: This Python script is used to find the number of cameras that match with given id. It uses list comprehension and prints out found matched cames along
39648: This Python script implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It also includes error handling if 'n' or any other
39649: This function calculates the ceiling of ((available memory plus used)/total mem%)+ one, which is equivalent to rounding up an integer value in
39650: This Python function splits the input string by "_" and then joins them with hyphen, converting all characters to lower case using .lowercase
39651: This Python function calculates the destination of an object on one side, given its initial position and distance. The result is returned as 'Destination'.
39652: This function calculates the new RGB values of an object by interpolating between two colors. The x parameter determines how far along inbetween to use from
39653: This line of the given Python script returns an array with -1s and 0 at positions from index 'n' to end. The length is
39654: This function checks whether the 'user' has specified any specific devices they want their computations on; it then returns an appropriate string based upon that information
39655: This function rotates the elements of 1D list by given number 'start' positions. The rotation is done clockwise, starting from right side
39656: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty List. If it's not, then returns another version of that same data structure with all elements
39657: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
39658: This line of the Python function checks if 'n' is odd. It returns True when it finds an integer that leaves no remainder after division by two
39659: This Python script deletes the 'img' key from all dictionaries within an input list. The purpose of deleting is to remove unnecessary data that might
39660: Sorts the "user_list.json", which is in 'groups' folder, by name of users using Python and Pandas library Code
39661: This Python script calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers using numpy's subtraction and square operation, which is then sum
39662: This function takes in three vectors and divides each component of the vector by 'scalar'. The result is returned as another 3 elements tuple.
39663: This function adds three numbers together.  It takes in the parameters 'number' and returns their summation as an output, which is also known by
39664: This Python script calculates the mean squared difference between two lists of numbers, x and y with length equal to each other using list comprehension syntax
39665: This Python function returns all the divisors of an input number 'x'. It uses list comprehension to generate and output these values.  The
39666: If the value of 'new' is zero, return an error message stating that it can not be divided by zeros in Python Code snippet
39667: This line of the Python function checks if 'num' is odd. It returns True when it finds an integer that leaves no remainder with division by two
39668: If the input 'taglines' variable does not contain any value, it returns an empty dictionary else creates and populates another Python dict with key/
39669: This Python function cleans the list of data by removing items that are present within an excluded set from each input dictionary/list 'data'.  The result
39670: This line of the Python script checks whether 'T' is divisible by either three hundred or one thousand. If it does, then return that value
39671: This function converts an integer to its corresponding DNA nucleotide. If the input is greater than or equal 4, it returns '*'.
39672: This Python function calculates the estimate of an object's dimension reduction rate. The formula is based on dimensionality reduced information theory, which estimates how
39673: The year when the first nuclear weapons were produced. This is important to note that it's not possible or accurate information about future events in history due
39674: This function returns the result of doubling an input number, plus one. It's used to generate some kind or sequence in Python programming language using
39675: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the given URLs and adds to it only those that start with "/wiki/". It
39676: This Python function calculates the intersection of two lines given by their coefficients. The equation is ax+by=e and cdtxdy += e then
39677: This line of the given C++ function is performing an arithmetic shift operation on 'number' by one bit position to its left. The resultant
39678: This function calculates the value of y based on time 'T' and two parameters, which are used to define an exponential curve. The equation is
39679: Replace all lower case letters with upper and replace the last occurrence of "xx" to be in capitalized form, if it exists else return original
39680: Checks the input values of three sides to determine whether they are valid. If any one or more inputs is invalid, it returns 'invalidinput'.
39681: This Python function sorts an array of numbers using the Bubble Sort algorithm. It repeatedly steps through and swaps adjacent elements if they are out order,
39682: This line of the script checks whether there is an "-" character within three characters long string and splits it into two parts based on that condition;
39683: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract part of file names that match specific patterns which are then used as identifiers within another function' s output path
39684: This line of the given Python script joins all characters in stix vid after 'V' with '.', excluding first two parts and returns it
39685: This Python function calculates the proportion of positive cases in control group. It takes two parameters, 'c' and '_'. The first parameter is an
39686: This line of the Python script is trying to split 'proto_vid' by '-', and if it fails, then do nothing or pass on exception
39687: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from list 'm' at index 1. The result will be converted to string and returned
39688: This Python function checks whether the input is an emtpy String, and raises error when it's found to avoid any errors during execution of other
39689: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then return as is; otherwise converts and returns that number in
39690: This Python script converts an integer to its string representation and then back into the number. It also uses Z3 theorem prover from Microsoft Research,
39691: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. If one or both are outliers it will still work correctly as long at they're not too
39692: This function is used to generate the URL based on quarter. If it's “current”, then return an empty string; if not current
39693: This Python script repeatedly squares the number and takes it into account when checking whether an even or odd power of two. It uses bitwise AND operation to
39694: This Python script converts an integer to its equivalent in the range of signed integers. It handles two types, positive and negative numbers with different bit patterns
39695: This line of the given Python script is fetching and returning URL from package information dictionary. The key "src" refers to source repository, which in
39696: This Python script reverses the string 'x' and then calculates its value. The calculation is done by multiplying each character of reverse order with
39697: This line of the given Python function returns two values. The first value is calculated by taking modulus with 'map_widt' and second one
39698: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
39699: This script is iterating over the dictionary 'datad' with two conditions to find specific keys ("key"). If these key values match either of them
39700: This Python script converts the species and regions of an object into uppercase. It then assigns them to new variables, with no value assigned yet
39701: If the rectangle defined by two points in one dimension is completely inside or on top of another. The function returns zero otherwise, with coordinates stored as d
39702: This Python script converts the time in seconds into days, minutes and second. The result is then formatted as 'dddhhhms'. If
39703: This function checks whether the value of key "val" is type text. If it returns true, then return false otherwise else do nothing or something similar
39704: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists. It initializes 'zero' variable, then adds up all elements at corresponding positions from both
39705: This Python function calculates the rate of change in temperature based on current and old temperatures, time step size 'h' using an approximation method to calculate
39706: This function takes in server id and instance as input, concatenates them with an underscore (_), then returns the result.  It's used
39707: This function calculates the edit distance between two strings. It uses dynamic programming to calculate it and returns an integer value representing how many operations are needed in
39708: This line of the script creates an empty list called 'proc_da' which will be used to store processed data.  It also defines some variables
39709: Removed empty strings and dots from the input list. – Code removed all instances of an emtpy string ("") as well any dot character
39710: This function calculates the value of 'k' based on input parameters. The formula is derived from an equation that relates to stock prices and time decay
39711: This Python function calculates the percentage of time that an object is not reflected in comparison to its original creation, and uses it as part or input into
39712: This Python function calculates the lower and upper bounds of an input Tensor based on its minimum value. If min is positive it divides by two
39713: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39714: This script checks the validity of SA IDs. It sums up points based on whether or not they contain certain characters, and also takes into account that
39715: This function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius. It does so by subtracting the value of freezing point in f
39716: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent parts, removes one part at last and then joins them back together in reverse order using '
39717: This is the function definition of an equation that calculates and returns half its input parameter squared times x cubed, where 'par' represents some
39718: Return the volume details in JSON format.  The returned data includes id, status and size of volumes along with other information like created at time & display
39719: This program calculates the percentage of one number from another. It uses two numbers as input and returns their ratio which is then printed out in console using
39720: This function calculates the value of y given x and parameters. It's an example on how to define functions in Python, where we use variables
39721: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'input' variable `is an instance` or not. If it’s list/tuple type
39722: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'current' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
39723: This line of the given Python script is used to assign concept direction as an output. The variable 'prediction' holds some value and it will be
39724: This Python function takes an input string and returns the same text with every second character capitalized using list comprehension or map/filter method respectively but not
39725: This Python script splits the input string "lyric" into individual word and cleans it by removing any empty strings resulting from splitting operation using space as
39726: This function checks if the given sequence of integers has any two consecutive identical elements. If it does, then return true; otherwise false or None depending on
39727: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns two values. The first value is calculated as twice that from variable 'v78' which
39728: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return it as such; otherwise remove any leading/trailing ""@" characters from given tokens
39729: This function returns the index of an element in two lists based on their indices. The elements are arranged as [first,second] and each pair has
39730: This function checks if the input is Chinese characters. It does so by checking each character's Unicode value and seeing whether it falls within certain ranges
39731: This Python script generates an URL string using the data from 'headers' dictionary, which is then used to fetch spectrum details in SDSS database via API
39732: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'considered' object which is presumably supposed to be some kind of collection
39733: This function checks if the input is one of three possible moves, i.e., rock/ paper / scissor game – returns True or
39734: If the string is empty or starts with non alphabetic character return an error message and original text else split into two lines based on newline
39735: If the 'acceptance' is less than or equal to zero, return an amount that scales with its value; otherwise it returns different amounts based on
39736: This Python function checks if the given string is numeric or not by using regular expression matching with pattern "only digits". If it matches, then
39737: This Python script is used to find the location of 'Validation Report' from an input dictionary. It uses nested loops and if statements, which makes it
39738: Simulates the delay of 1/4th second and then prints out two messages with variables "state", which is printed in last line as well
39739: If the length of 'key' list is more than 1, it calls itself recursively to access nested objects. Otherwise returns object value at that
39740: This function checks if the string contains any digit in it using regular expression and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, else returning false as there
39741: This function calculates the sum of squares. It takes two parameters, 'x' and ‘y’ which are squared before being added together
39742: This Python script replaces spaces with hyphens, removes parentheses and converts all characters to lowercase before returning the string 's'.
39743: This Python script expands the given list of tuples into another format. The new structure is as follows - each tuple now contains 9 elements
39744: This function converts the decimal number to binary and returns it as an integer. The conversion is done using Python's built in str() method,
39745: This Python script splits the input string into separate line strings and then filters out any empty or whitespace only elements from these resulting lists of nonempty
39746: Calculates the distance between two points in degrees. The function takes as input coordinates of both locations and returns their Euclidean distances using Pythagore
39747: This function calculates the ratio of an object's surface area to its length. The formula is derived from physics, where it represents how much larger
39748: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from num to zero. It's an example in Python programming language where you can find it on Git
39749: This line of the given Python script is returning an integer value. The function takes in one parameter, 'flag', and returns its bitwise AND operation
39750: This function calculates the centroided mass and intensity values of an input group. The number 'num' is calculated as length/lengths in
39751: Creates or Updates an object with the given dictionary and default values when necessary – Code is used to create/update objects using Python's
39752: This script generates pairs of stamps that are within the maximum difference between them. The list is then filtered to only include those with an absolute value less
39753: This Python function calculates the result of an expression. The input is two numbers, B and C; it multiplies them together with one number being
39754: This line of Python script filters out elements with missing attribute values and returns the corresponding ones' attributes as list from an input element collection 'elems'.
39755: This Python function calculates the slop and y_int of linear regression given two points. The equation is derived from standard form which states that if
39756: This Python function compares two version strings and returns whether the first is less than, equal to or greaterthan second based on their components at each position
39757: This function checks whether the input is 'none' and replaces it with an empty string. It then returns another dictionary object containing only that name key
39758: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
39759: This function sorts lists within nested dictionaries by their length or alphabetical order depending on the input parameter "order". If no such option provided it
39760: Check the existence of 'tag' key within properties and return its value, else returns an empty list.  Code is checking whether there are tags present
39761: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
39762: The function calculates an average distance between all pairs positions. It checks if both position list's lengths are equal, otherwise it throws AssertionError
39763: This Python function checks the input 'year' and returns an appropriate value based on its condition. If it falls outside any defined ranges, then raises error
39764: This Python function counts the number of times it takes to reduce an evenly divisible integer 'm' down by two until its oddness is no
39765: This Python function calculates the precision and accuracy of an algorithm using two metrics - True Positive Rate ('FP') & False Negative rate('FN
39766: This Python script returns the list of keys from 'key' that have their corresponding value as index.  It uses nested lists comprehension to achieve it
39767: This function checks whether the input 'X' can be cast to string and then splits it by commas into separate strings; otherwise returns an error
39768: This Python script uses the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The gcd is calculated by repeatedly subtracting multiples from
39769: This Python function checks the input `flag` and returns either “ON”, when flag is true/1,"OFF", otherwise. If not
39770: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'label intervals' and appends to it each of their last element minus its first
39771: Return the data in JSON format with some default values and checks to see whether or not it exists within an input dataset; count of variants/samples
39772: This function returns the string 'Card' followed by device number.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in various parts of an application that require
39773: This Python function converts the input string to all capital letters and removes any spaces. It uses built in functions of python like 'str' object method
39774: This line of the given Python script removes an element from list 'l' based on its absolute difference with minimum value in another array/list named "
39775: This function takes an input, checks whether it's less than or equal to one. If so the output is empty string; otherwise we convert and
39776: This line of the given Python function returns part or slice from string 's' starting at index 0 and continuing to end. The length is determined
39777: This Python function sorts an array of numbers and returns the number closest to 'pivot' value using absolute differences between each item with respect its position index
39778: This function checks if the keys required to create an entry are present within each dictionary of 'manifest' JSON object, returning false or true accordingly based on
39779: If any of the first elements in each list is greater than its corresponding element from another array, return false. Otherwise check whether all conditions are met between
39780: Code generates an error message in JSON format. The 'response' object is set to false with the given fields and messages as specified by input parameters of
39781: This function returns the index of first occurrence or 'None' when not found. It is used to find an item with specific id from services data list
39782: A function that takes in two parameters - user input and bound; returns the result of applying one or more functions based on 'stability' from an
39783: This line of the function checks if variable type is categorical.  It returns True or False based on whether it's categorically typed, and
39784: This function checks whether the string contains either ":" character, which is used to separate domain and port number. If it does not contain ", then return
39785: This Python function converts the input string to all lowecase, and if it ends with ".", removes that trailing character using slicing operation
39786: This script calculates the number of true positives, false negatives and total positive samples from two lists 'x' & ‘z’ where
39787: This Python script is used to get the file extension of any given path. It takes into account if there's no extention, and also handles
39788: A function that finds the end of one string within another. It compares each character from start to finish and returns index where it stops comparing if characters
39789: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39790: This Python function takes three characters as input and returns an integer with the bits shifted to create different colors. The first two bytes are used in red,
39791: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input string 'fields' with each comma as separator and adds to it without leading
39792: This Python script calculates the quaternion representation of an object's orientation in 3D space using spherical coordinates yaw, pitch and roll
39793: This Python function takes an option string and returns the corresponding dictionary of settings or values based on that inputted formatting using ':' as separator between
39794: This function returns the appropriate URL based on whether or not it's being used in Twitcher, YouTube etc., with its channel name as input parameter
39795: Checks if the number is less than or equal to zero. If it's, returns True; otherwise False  Code snippet used in
39796: This python script calculates the percentage of IDs that are within query boundaries, taking into account both start and end points along with their respective percentages
39797: This Python script checks if the link is an audio or video and returns true/false based on that condition, otherwise it will return false; however in
39798: This function checks whether the gene name is present as key ('genename') within NC RNA dictionary. If it exists, then returns its locust
39799: Return an object with SSMI output and card details.  The 'plainText' field is the text to be displayed on screen or printed in PDF
39800: This function checks if the input string is equal to 'Active'. It returns True or False. 1/3 of total lines are commented out,
39801: This Python function finds the minimum element of an array. It starts by initializing two variables to hold information about where it is currently located as well its
39802: This line of the program multiplies 'result' by ‘i’. It is used to calculate an average value from multiple numbers, where each
39803: This Python function calculates the depth of an octal number. It uses bitwise operators to calculate and returns its value, which is equivalent with calculating
39804: This Python function converts seconds into hours and minutes. If the input is negative it will convert to positive time by taking absolute value of second parameter in
39805: If the number is zero, it returns an empty string. – [Your Name] on date/time format -> Date and time of execution
39806: This function converts hours to seconds in the format HHMMSS and returns it as float number with an offset of one fifth from real time clock
39807: This Python function sorts the input list of strings, then returns one string that is common to all elements in its argument. If no such element exists it
39808: This Python function swaps the keys and values in two tuples. It does so by creating new variables to hold one of each pair's
39809: This Python script calculates the number of states and periods based on factors from an input dictionary 'ModelDict'. It also counts controls plus one to
39810: This Python function checks the input `bool` or string and converts it to boolean based on its content; otherwise raises an error with appropriate message in
39811: If the type of test is zero then return zeros. Otherwise calculate and returns precision & recall values based on given parameters; else it will not do
39812: This function returns the result of an equation. The value returned is negative two times its input multiplied by x minus y, where 'a' and
39813: A function that converts the given word to its Penn Treebank tag if it exists in our dictionary else returns original input as is  [1
39814: This function splits the input string into separate strings, ignoring any empty spaces or leading/trailing whitespace and returns them as list of elements
39815: This function takes two arguments, n and m. It returns the result of bitwise NOT operation on '~' operator between these numbers which is equivalent
39816: This Python script removes the last three characters from 'PATH' environment variable. It does so by iterating backwards through each character in PATH until it finds
39817: This line of the given Python script calculates interest using compound annual growth. If 'adj' is equal to “end”, it means that
39818: This function takes two parameters - v and r. It returns the binary representation of number "format" with length equal to 8 bits using zeros
39819: If the 'FAIL' keyword is found, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns an error state or fails to execute properly due some other
39820: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to j, excluding some values. The calculation is based on mathematical formulae and it'
39821: This script converts the bounding box annotations from COCO format to TensorFlow'Serving input and output formats, which is used by
39822: If the prefix is not in 'string', then it returns an empty str. Otherwise, if there's no suffix after that point of "str
39823: Copies the object and deletes any key/value pairs where value equals to 'None'.  This operation can be used when you want your function
39824: This Python script is used to extract the last filename and anchor from each dictionary entry of 'input' reference index ('reference'). The resultant dictionaries
39825: If the given object 'is of type dictionary', return it as list. Else just keep returning original value in case its not an instance or wrong
39826: This Python function takes three parameters and returns the smallest of them. It calculates four values based on these inputs - product lengths in one dimension only;
39827: This Python function calculates the center of two shapes. The difference between 'pshape' and another shape is divided by half to get its size which
39828: This Python function checks the last two characters of an input string, and returns it as is or deprecated version. If there are no more than
39829: Replace the key with its corresponding replacement in every occurrence of it within given string 'text'.  The function returns modified version/string as output which
39830: This Python function calculates the total energy of an object given its position and velocity. The positions are represented as tuples, while velocities in
39831: Creates and returns dictionary with the given parameters.  The "subtask" object is created in Trello's API v3 using Python
39832: This python script calculates the sum of all zeros found within an inputted 3D array. The variable 'y' is used to iter
39833: This Python function takes as input an object 'dict' and returns another dictionary with only the keys that are present within list of strings, named "ch
39834: This Python script generates the list of tuples with each tuple containing one server's information. The first element is its name and second - CPU
39835: This function takes in two parameters, the first is an array of strings and second one can be either 'en' or any other string that represents different
39836: This script joins the paths of configuration files with their respective keys. It then returns two dictionaries - one containing these joined configurations and another that contains only
39837: This Python function checks whether the input 'N' can be considered as either an integer type value greater than –or equal to zero but less then
39838: Create two dictionaries to store the weights of each unique English language stopwords. (word). The first dictionary is named "one" and
39839: This function checks the given 'value' within specified min and max ranges. If it is in any of these, returns that specific number; otherwise return
39840: This Python script creates an empty list and iterates over the 'Hub Name' inputted by user to find corresponding Hub IDs from dictionary "Map
39841: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers, and returns the same list with all `None` values removed from it using List Comprehens
39842: This line of Python function returns the remainder when 'b' is divided by ten. The result will be between one and twelve, inclusive on both ends
39843: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns absolute difference between lengths ("alt_length") – "refLength". The function is used
39844: This script is used to clean the citeation elements of journal type. It removes any volume that starts with 'b' from it as these are
39845: This Python function checks the gender of an entity based on its WikiData ID. If it's male, returns 'm', otherwise return empty
39846: This script deletes the cell tool bar from an existing Jupyter Notebooks.  The function checks whether metadata exists, then it looks into
39847: This Python function converts an integer into its corresponding ASCII character. The input is the column number, and it returns that same value as string format
39848: This function returns the result of dividing an input by one million. It's used to convert bytes into megabytes, which is commonly
39849: This Python script checks the 'result' variable. If it exists, then iterates over each element of that list and looks at whether there are any
39850: This function checks whether the provided string is an STS URI and returns its corresponding Boto “Buckets” & "Keys". If it
39851: This line of the given Python script performs an operation that is not clear. The variable 'var' gets updated with its value after each iteration and then
39852: If the string starts with 'organization:' in Python, return it as is; otherwise prepend an organization prefix and then format to be used within
39853: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns 4. It's an example to show how variables can be assigned, printed out in
39854: This Python function returns the same result as its input, but it's more concise and easier to read. It uses list comprehension within dictionary
39855: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with items from the 'config' object using conditional logic to exclude keys that start as "_".
39856: This function returns either +/-+ or the original value depending on whether 'number' is greater than, less then and equal to / not. If
39857: A function that takes two strings as input and returns the concatenation of them.  The first string is prefixed with '*' symbol, followed
39858: This Python function takes as input the path to an Excel file, reads it into memory and returns its content line by “\t” separated if
39859: This Python script checks if the given string matches with regular expression pattern "m = ~re.( ^ \ d + $ )". If it does,
39860: A function that adds two numbers.  It takes in the parameters 'num1' and "+" operator, then returns their summation as an
39861: This Python function performs an exclusive OR operation on two binary strings. The result is the XOR of each corresponding bit from both input string, with
39862: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an indicator value that indicates how much one player's team is advantageous over another. The
39863: Checks if one interval is completely within another by checking the start of both intervals are less than or equal to each other, as well being greater that
39864: This Python function calculates the density of air at given height ht using an array 'rho' and coefficients in another list. The formula is based
39865: This function calculates the binomial coefficient C_NK using recursion with memoization to avoid repeated calculations of same subproblems which
39866: This Python function calculates the temperature based on pressure and returns it as output, using an equation derived from data provided in problem statement or formula given by
39867: Throws an error if the divisor is ‘zero’. If not throws division of two numbers and returns resultant value in float type using
39868: This line of the given Python script is checking if 'str' object ends with specified string or character, and then appending it to itself in case
39869: This Python script splits the input string of comma separated numbers into separate list items, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each number and append
39870: If the bounding box has four elements and is valid. Otherwise return None – padding percentage calculation in boudning boxes are not always exact due
39871: This Python function is used to filter out the values from an input list of tuple based on their second element' value which matches with given 'key'.
39872: Returns the part of string after "," in Base 64 encoded data with prefix removed using Python's builtin functions find() and slicing
39873: This function takes in an input 'key' and returns the result of applying lambda to each character. The value returned is calculated by subtracting its
39874: This function checks whether the 'in' condition is true or false. If both conditions are met, it returns `True`; otherwise return either of
39875: This Python function replaces all newline characters (\"\\rn\" or \"CRLF\) with the character \'(\'\') and returns
39876: This function multiplies two numbers.  It takes in the parameters 'num1' and "*", then returns their product as output from that operation
39877: Creates an empty dictionary, then fills it with the values of "dos" list's keys. The limit is set to page size and start
39878: This Python function checks if an IP address is within the range of “private” networks defined by CIDR notation, ie., it returns
39879: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
39880: This line of the function calculates and returns temperature difference between two variables, 'temp' is subtracted by product with variable "ds" divided into
39881: This Python script converts the input color to lowercase and returns an escape sequence that formats text in different colors based on its value, if it'
39882: This function takes an input string and checks whether it contains two consecutive newlines or the presence of '@@' symbol, then returns first non-" @
39883: This Python script calculates the total points based on network activities. It checks each category and type of an object, if it's 'Domain',
39884: This Python function calculates the accuracy of an algorithm by comparing two lists. It returns how many times both hypothesises and their corresponding reference are equal to
39885: This function checks the length of input string, and returns it as is when its 3 digits long. Otherwise - depending on whether or not that
39886: This function returns an HTML tag with the given 'val' and wrapped in tags. If value is empty it will return <tagname><\/tags
39887: This line of Python script generates an object called "seed" from the dictionary 'params'. The keys and values are extracted directly into it using list comprehens
39888: If the input 'Value' has an integer type then return it. Else raise error with specific message about file version being noninteger and its actual
39889: This function takes an id as input and returns the absolute value of that ID. It's used to ensure positive values are returned in all cases,
39890: This line of the Python script is returning an output string that includes some variables, wiki and page id which are used to construct file names in Sage
39891: This line of Python script checks whether the string ends with an ',' and, If it does not end in one then returns original input else removes tra
39892: This function calculates the number of common elements in two lists and their total count respectively, then returns ratio between them as per given problem statement's
39893: This Python function checks the first character of each string in an input list and returns 'None' or one among four predefined strings based on it
39894: This python script generates an array with multiples from ‘below number’ to 'of the given multiple' using Python programming language and its builtin
39895: This line of Python script calculates the offset between UTC and Indian Standard Time. The result is 408 hours, which means that it'
39896: This function takes two dictionaries as input and returns their combined dictionary.  It uses the spread operator to combine these into one single object in Python language
39897: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is less than or equal to zero, it returns one; otherwise return
39898: This function concatenates two arguments into one string. The first argument is converted to the 'str' type, and then appended with second argu
39899: This function checks if the point is above or below an arbitrary plane defined by two points and one of its sides. The equation used to define that side
39900: This function takes two lists as input and returns their summation element by elements using the builtin Python functions 'zip' to pair corresponding items from both
39901: If both chunks are not defined, return none. Else check which one isn't null; otherwise the first nonnull value will be returned
39902: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding English name of that number. If it's not valid, then "Invalid" is returned
39903: This Python script is used to convert the given number of seconds into milliseconds. It uses built in function 'round' and multiplies it by
39904: This line of the program converts pixels to millimeters based on DPI, then scales it by multiplying with an arbitrary number and finally returns
39905: Checks if the given string ends with ".amazonservices" or "www." followed by any number of characters, then it checks whether that is
39906: This script generates batches of file names based on the limit and size parameters provided by user using Python's builtin functions floor() to get an
39907: This Python script generates permutations of the input list. It then concatenates each number with its preceding one and returns an output string based on some base
39908: This Python script checks the type of settings and returns whether they are valid based on their presence in an input dictionary, which is then used to determine what
39909: This function returns True if the length of t is 2. It's used to check whether or not two elements are present in an array/
39910: This Python function returns the dictionary with keys and values that match specific conditions.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively create new dictionaries based on
39911: This line of the Python script checks if 'int' type value exists in input. If it does exist then returns True else False or None depending on
39912: This Python function takes two lists of numbers as input and returns the minimum product between any pair in these pairs. The maximum is also returned along with both
39913: This Python script creates an adjacency matrix from the given graph data, then returns all unique node identifiers present within that network as outputted by
39914: If user types "/LINK", it returns specific text, else nothing – Code is used to respond with an error message when users type '/Link
39915: This function takes in two arguments and returns the sum of all elements present within that list. It uses Python's builtin 'reduce()',
39916: This Python function calculates the number of steps needed to reach or exceed an upper and lower limit. It takes into account both discrete distance values, variable
39917: Code that calculates the total number of occupied seats in an auditorium.  It does so by iterating over each row and seat, checking
39918: This function checks if the keys of dictionary contain 'lt' or not, and returns true when it does else false – Code is written to find
39919: This Python function converts the sequence to [-inf, inf], where any occurrence of "-" is replaced with "NaN", and then counts how
39920: Checks the type of tgt_source and target source alignment focus. If they are both strings, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
39921: This Python function takes in the string representation of an image's size and returns two integers representing its width & height respectively if they are valid resolutions or
39922: This function takes an input string and returns the first word of that text. If there is no space, it will just take all characters until reaching non
39923: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'Value' can be either an integer or float. If it does not meet these conditions then convert its
39924: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on three variables, 'v', and two constants ('c'). The result is returned as one
39925: This Python function tries to parse JSON from an object or string if it're not already in the correct format; otherwise returns original value as long no
39926: This function returns the input 'value' only when it is within specified range. If not, then return either of two predefined values depending on
39927: Code converts the input string to an UpperCase.  It uses built in function of Python which is 'upper()' or simply using str method
39928: This function calculates the Fibo sequence. It checks whether input is negative, zero and one; in case of positive numbers it returns corresponding value
39929: This function swaps two elements of the same type within an object. It checks whether it'll be possible to perform such operation or not, and
39930: This line of the Python function returns one divided by two times fno, which is equivalent to returning reciprocal(of no). In other word
39931: Creates an empty list called "matrix" which will be used to store the results of our calculations. ...(continued...) ...  1
39932: This function takes in the geographical coordinate of an object, and returns its distance from Earth's center based on Haversine formula with some modifications
39933: This line of the given Python script counts how many times ‘x’ equals to 'y' in list. The lambda function is used here
39934: This line of the Python script checks if any given string starts with "field_" and either 'OUT' prefix, then returns True else False based on
39935: This python script calculates the intersection point of two lines given by their endpoints. The formula used is derived from geometry and involves simple algebra operations on
39936: If the input is zero, it returns an empty string. ElseIf condition checks whether or not we have GB/TBPS units and then performs
39937: This Python function checks whether the input value can be converted to either true/False and returns it as Boolean type; otherwise raises an error message with appropriate
39938: Checks each character of the input string to see whether it is within lowercase or uppercase letters. If so, returns True; otherwise False
39939: This Python function generates all prime numbers up to 'N' by finding the factor of each number from ‘two’ till N using nested loops which
39940: This Python script generates an HTML string from the given nested lists. The outer loop iterates over each of these 'sublists' and then within that
39941: If the text variable passed to it as an argument does not exist or its value equals "", then, returns empty string.  Otherwise -> proceed with
39942: This Python script generates an array of tuples that represents the Lorenz system's periodic behavior with period 'p'. The first tuple is
39943: This Python function checks whether two strings are equal, ignoring case differences in the comparison process by converting both to lowercase before comparing them directly using '
39944: This script checks the variable 'name' and returns different strings based on its value. If it is not recognized, then return original string as output
39945: If the last character of 'name', which is assumed to be an identifier, isn’t semicolon (;), then append it with ";".
39946: This Python function checks whether the input number is divisible by either three nor five. If it's true, then adds that value to 'Sum
39947: A function that takes an iterable of numbers and returns the smallest number. If no such value exists, it will return 'None'.  Code sn
39948: If the input 'dict' object or its key list are empty, it returns either nothing ('None') as per requirement; otherwise recursively calls itself
39949: This Python script checks the type of energy units used. If it's either kw or wh, then returns 'Energy'. Otherwise return none
39950: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with tuples of file names using the given prefixes/labels to create unique fil
39951: This line of the Python script returns list comprehension that creates tuples from parsed data. Each tuple contains first and third element respectively, which are
39952: This line of the given Python script returns an output string. The function takes in one parameter - 'path' and concatenates it with another fixed strings
39953: This function takes in an input string, splits it into two parts using underscores as the delimiter and returns only second part of split
39954: This function checks the length of an image, and then determines whether or not it meets certain conditions. If img is less than 49 pixels in
39955: This line of the given Python script reverses and sorts an input sequence. The output is then returned in its original form but with elements arranged from longest
39956: A dictionary of Transportation Centers in Europe is created with keys as transport center codes and values are the corresponding names like 'Transport Center – X
39957: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation on 'field' variable. The value in hexadecimal format depends upon certain conditions and
39958: This function converts an RGB value to its equivalent integer representation. If the input isn't of type 'Tuple', it first casts that
39959: Increment the value of 'last_num' by 1 if character is not an alphabet, else check whether it exists as key. If
39960: This line of Python script splits the file name and extracts only its extension, leaving just "txt" in our case as output from split function
39961: Checks whether the input recieved from trigger identifers are of type 'list' and has more than 2 elements. If so it returns
39962: This function searches the output list to find an object with ExportName matching 'k' if it exists, otherwise returns NotFound. Code is written
39963: This Python function checks whether the input string "sequence" contains only bases of A, C , G and T or any other character except these four as
39964: This Python function checks whether the input number is an integer or not. If it's true, then return its rounded value; otherwise just returns original
39965: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the sum of that number with its reverse. For example, if you pass 734 to
39966: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39967: If the input list of aliases does not exist or empty then return an emtpy array else process each element and create dictionary with name as key
39968: If the source node's public key matches with one of its neighbors, it returns two values - 'nodeX'_balances. Otherwise，it
39969: This function checks whether the given 'sim' dictionary contains both an "User" key with value equal to `username`, as well has any items
39970: This Python script calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors. The function takes as input 3 lists of numbers, and returns their respective distances calculated
39971: This Python script sorts the characters in string `'list of strings to be sorted':` 1 line, using builtin sort function and returns as
39972: If the input string 'version' does NOT have any number in it and also doesn’t contain anything after '-', then return True; otherwise false
39973: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
39974: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
39975: If the length of 'input' is less than 2, return false. Otherwise check whether "value" lies between two given numbers in ascending
39976: This function calculates the weighted average of two variables, where 'a' is an input parameter. The weighting factor in each calculation comes from
39977: This line of the program is assigning values from two different lists 'a' and ‘b’ to three variables. The first variable represents vector
39978: Removes commas from the inputted strings and converts them to float.  If conversion fails or if no change is made due an empty/
39979: This Python function checks whether an input 'None' value exists in the variable `e`. If it does not exist then returns string with filename format
39980: This function takes an agent key as input and returns the same string but in all upper case with underscores instead of slashes.  It is
39981: This line of the given Python script prints out "Get Record" followed by whatever value is stored in 'sliverslice'.  It then
39982: This function returns the concatenation of three strings, each created from different parts. The first part is 'Cart', followed by build number and cart series
39983: If the length of 'Value' is more than one, it returns second element in that list; otherwise return zero as default output when no elements are
39984: This Python function finds the ID of maximum probability Topic from list 'topics'. It iterates over each item and compares its Probability with
39985: This Python script sorts the list of dictionaries by "Protien" in descending order and then returns name from first dictionary.  The result
39986: This function takes two parameters, rolls the dice and returns their sum. The result is then incremented by 2 to simulate rolling doubles in games
39987: This Python script creates an array of size 'number' with all elements set to 1. It then assigns each student number within the given group
39988: This function checks whether the string contains whitespace or tabs. If it does, then returns True; otherwise return false and end of program execution is performed
39989: The function checks if the input string `s`, which could be any type of object including list and str. If it're none(empty
39990: This Python script checks the current operating system and returns its name. It uses an 'else' clause to handle other platforms, returning their respective names by
39991: This Python script parses an inputted VLANs into integers, sorts them and removes duplicates from the final output by converting it to set
39992: This function checks whether the elements in list A are all contained within B. If so, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that some of
39993: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with modulatory parameters from two lists. The keys are the modalities provided by 'zip
39994: This function takes an input sequence and replaces any character that isn’t A/ T / C or G with -. If the provided argument doesn
39995: This function calculates the coordinates of an inverted rectangular shape within another one by taking into account its dimensions and inserts/insets values from outside
39996: This function calculates the value of y given x, alpha and constants 'c' &amp; ‘b’. The equation is derived from
39997: This line of the function calculates and returns an integer value by dividing n with 'sigma' then rounding it.  The result is rounded
39998: “Mark down” function is used to convert MarkDown text into HTML format using regular expressions in python."""  ```python    def md_
39999: This Python function takes in two parameters, `nodename` and 'DAG'. If the length of nodenames is 0 or more than
40000: This Python script uses regular expressions to find the first occurrence of "accmulation level [number], in string 'formula'. If such an
40001: This line of the Python function returns an integer value by rounding off n to one decimal place.  It's used in various calculations and it
40002: This Python function calculates the flux of an electron in terms its magnitude and returns it as per given formula, which is derived from physics principles such that
40003: This Python function generates an HTML anchor tag with the given URL and text using string formatting in one line as per your request – it is very
40004: This function counts the number of occurrences in list 'lst' where an element equals to x using Python builtin count() method and returns
40005: If 'refill' is not zero, append ("REFILl" , "REFILLED"), if the value of `take` isn
40006: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to range(start, stop). The result will be multiplied by zero
40007: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40008: This Python function sorts the list of hypothesis objects by their average log probability in descending order using lambda as an anonymous sorting method and reversed
40009: This Python script uses regular expressions to find all .DLL files and converts them into lowercase, then removes duplicates by converting the resultant
40010: This Python script generates the SAS URL using provided account name and other parameters such as 'container' & ‘Blobs’ names along with token
40011: This Python script takes an argument that can be either one element long, which could also potentially contain other lists/tuples. It returns the first
40012: This function returns the string 's', but if it doesn’t, then appending an extra newline character to form one line. –
40013: This function removes all keys with value 'None' from the dictionary and recursively calls itself on nested values of type "dict". 1/3
40014: This Python script returns an empty dictionary. It's not doing anything useful, but it is syntactically correct and will run without errors if executed
40015: If either of the scores is less than zero, it returns an error value (- ∞).   Code snippet checks whether one or both
40016: This function takes two lists of three numbers as input and returns the summed values in each position.  The first element is added, then second elements
40017: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
40018: A function that checks if the sum of squares equals to another number.  It takes three parameters, two are integers and one is also an integer or
40019: This Python function counts the number of occurrences within an input sequence that match with another given subsequence. The length difference between two sequences is not
40020: This Python function splits the input string into two parts at "//" and returns them in separate variables, 'p'.  The first part is
40021: This Python function implements the basic arithmetic operations. It uses an 'else' clause to handle division and modulo operation, as well handling of negative
40022: This Python function takes in an input string, and returns the same output as if it had been split by '-' character but joined with underscore instead
40023: This Python function takes as input an RNA string and returns its complementary strand. It uses the dictionary "dict" to map each nucleot
40024: This python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the provided list of dictionaries. The keys are TreeNumbers, values being
40025: This line of the given C++ function is shifting bits to left by 8 places and then adding it with itself. The result will be returned as
40026: This program will calculate and print out one number from an Arithmetical Progressions series, which is known as "Geometric Series".  It
40027: This python function finds the minimum element of each sublist within an input list, and returns these as output lists one by oneline – it'
40028: This function takes an input dictionary and returns three values. The first is the value of 'entry' key named as `"Name"' from that dict
40029: This Python script checks whether the operating system is POSIX and then tries to read from file in binary mode using memory mapping with an exception handling mechanism
40030: This Python function checks whether the value of 'm' is greater than or equal to another number, and returns true only when it does. Otherwise false
40031: This function returns the keys of an object. The result is returned as list in Python language, which can be used to access values associated with these key
40032: This Python function calculates the weighted average of factors. It takes two lists as input, weights and factor which are both list with same length; it
40033: If the input is either none or no/null then return null. Else check whether it matches any specific values and returns them otherwise raise an error
40034: This function is an implementation of the recursive Triangular Number sequence. It returns zero when 'K' equals to Zero, otherwise it adds K
40035: This function takes in four parameters representing the minimum and maximum coordinates of an object's bounding box. It then returns these values with each value increased
40036: This Python script splits the SQL query into individual parts and checks each part to see if it contains "." which is used as an identifier of name
40037: This function calculates the Fibo number using recursion. If it's equal to 'target', then return sum of two preceding numbers else
40038: If the string is one word long it returns that value as given else return first letter of second part and all other parts in capital letters followed by rest
40039: This Python function finds the closest color from an input 'colour' to each colour of another list. It uses Euclidean distance as its metric and
40040: If the longitude is within datelined, it will return True. Otherwise False; otherwise returns None or error message depending on input parameters not being
40041: This Python function checks whether the input variable 'is_int' or not. If it’s an integer then returns true else false otherwise return null
40042: This function returns the precedence of an operator in arithmetic expression. It assigns different values to operators based on their types and order, returning them
40043: This Python script finds the start of nonspace character in each new string. It uses while loop to iterates over characters until it encounters space or
40044: If the variable 'name' isn’t defined, it returns “Hello world”. Otherwise，it will return an output that says hello
40045: This line of Python script converts the string 'f' to lowercase and checks if it ends with one or more strings from an array called "
40046: This script is used to filter out the class files from an input dictionary of file names, returning another dict with only those keys and their corresponding values that
40047: This Python script sorts an array of numbers based on their values, but only if they are greater than or equal to 1984 and less
40048: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on some input parameters, which is essentially linear in nature with coefficients given by constants and powers as
40049: This Python function checks the dimensions of two shapes and returns an array based on their comparison. If they are equal in size it simply repeats its frequency
40050: Counts the number of 'None' values present within an array.  This can be used to find out how many elements are missing from your list
40051: This python script is used to find the player with most points scored by comparing each match's score and storing it into 'm'. If there are
40052: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the input 'words' one by each element of its own, resulting from iterating over
40053: This function returns the animation and its length. It's used to get information about an object that is being animated by some other program or library in
40054: This Python function checks if the input string can be converted to an integer or floating point value, and returns it as such; otherwise raises error with message
40055: This function splits the input string into individual "tweets" and then joins them back together with no spaces in between to form one single cleaned
40056: This Python script splits the input configuration file into separate lines, strips leading/trailing whitespace and checks each nonempty one to add it as
40057: This Python script splits an IP address string into its constituent parts, converts each part to integer form and then combines them together as per the
40058: If the 'private' variable of an object isn’t set, it gets assigned to its own value and serializes. Otherwise no action occurs but
40059: This Python script splits the name by hyphen and then joins it back together with another character in between each word, creating an acronym from
40060: This Python function checks the input 'token' and returns an appropriate label based on its content, such as MENTIONS or URLs etc., depending
40061: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
40062: This Python function takes as input the names of some variables and returns their values separated by spaces, with no space at start or end if they exist on
40063: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
40064: This function checks if the current operation is 'reduction' and returns its shape. If it isn’t found or not recognized as reduction operations return
40065: If the student's grade is above or equal to 'average', it returns an integer value based on that score, otherwise -> "No
40066: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40067: This line of the function calculates and returns an output by multiplying two input parameters. The first parameter is multiplied with 'factor_y'
40068: Code is checking whether the string 'dm' exists as one of several possible identifiers. If it does exist then we are extracting some information from
40069: This line of the Python script checks whether "." is present at any position within `file_name`. If it's found, then return
40070: This function checks if the result of an operation has any false values. If it does, returns true; otherwise return "False". (END
40071: This Python function calculates the value of an integer raised to power and then divides it by another term, with some modifications in order not only calculate
40072: This function checks if the parameter data is not None or empty and returns true only when it's neither of these two values, otherwise false will be
40073: This Python function is used to find the GUID from dictionary of files based on their LFNs and returns it if present; otherwise return an empty
40074: This Python function checks whether the URL contains "/" and, If it does not contain "//", then splits by slash to get last part
40075: This Python function takes an input list of lists and returns the same output as if it were run on each sublist separately. The map() method applies
40076: This function takes in an input string, converts the first character to its corresponding ASCII value into UpperCase and concatenates it with rest of characters
40077: This Python function returns the specified list of tuples, where each tuple contains two elements from an inputted 'params' dictionary and one element is
40078: This line of the given Python function returns an expression that is equivalent to raising 's' by 30 degrees. The bitwise OR operation with
40079: This Python script checks two numbers, 'b' and '%', to see whether they are both zero. If either of them is not equal than it
40080: This Python function returns the size of an input in megabytes. The result is formatted to two decimal places and appended with 'MB'.
40081: This function calculates the ratio of three numbers, each multiplied by its corresponding value. The result is then divided to get an overall number that represents
40082: This function checks if the input x has type 'Union' with two attributes, one of which must be an instance or subclass ‘Real
40083: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type inherits from "list" or not. If it does then return X else convert
40084: This Python function is used to convert an array of numbers represented as strings into decimal. The input list 'nums' should be reversed before processing
40085: If the key 'field' is found, return all fields from '_r'. Else check whether source exists and then fetch it. Otherwise create an
40086: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40087: This Python script calculates the difference between two lists' lengths and returns its percentage. The result is used to determine if there are any missing elements in
40088: This function converts all uppercase letters to lower case, but only at the start of each word or after an underscore (_). If there is
40089: This Python function checks if the Dataframe has at least one row, column or cell in it by comparing its length of columns/rows with itself to
40090: Returns an error message and HTTP status of 'Not Found' when the poll is non existing. This can be used to prevent unauthorized access
40091: This Python script creates and returns the transpose of an input list. The number or elements per row is determined by its length, while columns are filled
40092: This Python function counts the number of times 'wanted' appears on an input list. It uses two loops to iteratively check each element, and
40093: This function takes in the youtube id as input and returns an url that can be used to watch video on YouTube with given ID using embeddable
40094: This line of the program creates two variables, 'len' is used to get length or number elements in an object. The first variable holds population size
40095: Returns the current lag value and simulation parameters.  The function is used to get these values in order not only save them but also use it later on
40096: This Python script reads lines from the specified path and concatenates them into one string. The result is then printed to stdout or can be saved elsewhere
40097: This function takes in the string 'text' and returns it after removing all non ASCII characters using regular expression substitution method "re". The pattern
40098: This Python function checks the type of 'input' and performs different actions based on its types. If it’s an integer or floating point number -
40099: Implemented conditional logic to handle different models based on the 'model' parameter. The function now sorts keys according with those defined by each respective type
40100: This script reads CSV file and creates dictionary with suites as keys. If the suite is new, it initializes device type/os & browser
40101: If the intervals are nonexistent, return “None”; otherwise check whether chrn name exists as key of dictionary "maped interv
40102: Code: Create dictionary of table names and their corresponding columns. 	Tables[ddl_database]=this_table			return Tables
40103: This Python script is designed to get the system information of devices based on their scopes, either device or firmware level depending upon user input in command line
40104: If the values of 'a' and/or ‘b’ are not equal, return true. Otherwise it returns false as they should be un
40105: If condition is true, return value of 'one'. Otherwise -> Return the result from function or default. In Python language and in context where it
40106: This line of Python script concatenates two strings.  The result is the combination, which includes both input string variables and an additional space character between them
40107: This function returns the maximum of three values. It first finds out which value is smaller and then compares it with both other two numbers to find if
40108: This function takes in one string and replaces all occurrences of the hyphen (-), with an underscore (_).  It then returns that
40109: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase, removes any leading "HEXX", and trailing 'h'. It then returns that result
40110: If the RGB color matches with given Mask Color, return original RBG. Else convert it to grayscale using provided factor and then
40111: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with dependencies. It then returns the created dependency dictonary as output of function 'get_
40112: This Python script checks whether the given 'dict' object has an entry with specific keys. If it doesn’t exist then creates one and assigns
40113: This script checks whether the DATA PATH has been provided. If not it will print an error message and exit immediately without running further operations on your dataset
40114: This Python function checks the value of 'time' and returns it in seconds. If `run` is passed as an argument, then only return how
40115: This script splits the logs into multiple smaller chunks, truncates long entries to fit within four hundred characters per chunk and removes specific warning messages from
40116: If the word is found, return its index. Otherwise returns an empty list – one line of Python script that checks whether or not there're
40117: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the quantity of characters from inputted strings as per given number but it does not
40118: This Python script uses dictionaries to map command names from one set of values into another, and then applies the mapping on all elements within an input list
40119: This Python script calculates the minimum of two signals and creates an array with twice as many elements. The first half is filled from one input Signal
40120: Creates an empty dictionary, then retrievs the values of 'Limit', ‘Offset’ ,'Text','MinWeight'. If any value exists
40121: This Python script checks the name of an imported or required library and returns its equivalent in another language. If it's not recognized, then just return
40122: "Split the text into sentences and then joins them with spaces in between. Removes punctuation from each sentence before joining to form final string".
40123: This function checks the first element of an input list, converting it to lowercase. If its length is 3 or more then returns that as well
40124: This Python function returns the string representation of an integer 'i' based on its value, with different strings being returned depending upon whether i is less than
40125: Check if two lists are equal, but handle exceptions when one or both of the inputs aren't iterable.  If they don’ t match
40126: This line of the given Python script returns an array that contains only those elements from x and y where their corresponding values are not equal to zero. The
40127: This function checks if the random number is either  zero, and then it verifies that adding one to rand gives us an odd result modulo
40128: This Python script returns the same result as your original one, but uses list comprehension instead of using traditional looping constructs.  It'll
40129: This function takes in the name as an input and returns it with all spaces replaced by underscores using Python's builtin string method split()
40130: This function checks if the given 'num' is an Armstrong Number. An armstong num of n digits, where each individual character represents
40131: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each row and column of the input 3D array to add all values into one single
40132: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by two, then taking modulo with another large number. The purpose is
40133: This line of the given Python script is concatenating two strings. The first string in 'arg_details' dictionary contains path and second one includes root
40134: This script is stripping leading/trailing whitespace from the dictionary values of 'Part' objects within given input list `Data` where keys are
40135: If the system's 'power level is high', it will return either of two messages based on whether its Interest Level ('interest') also equals to
40136: This Python function maps the meta data 'SEVERITY' to its corresponding level in an application log file and returns it as string or default value if
40137: This function calculates the height of an object given its width and limits. The parameters are in meters, with ‘distance’ being measured from one
40138: This function calculates the difference between two program counters and returns it modulo by ten. It is used to calculate time spent in different parts of
40139: If 'dict' object provided as input to the function then it will return dictionary with non zero values only else returns original value of variable "X".
40140: This line of the program converts date to string and extracts year from it.  The result is then converted back into integer form using 'int
40141: This Python function attempts to split the input string on ':' and return two parts of it, if possible; otherwise raises an error with detailed message about
40142: This script calculates the total points of an event based on various factors. The score is determined by multiplying certain success rates and adding them up in
40143: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers. If either number is zero, it returns None instead to avoid division by zeros error in calculation
40144: This line of the script converts both variables to integers. The reason is that we need integer values in our calculations, so it's important not
40145: This line of the given python script calculates and returns an incremental change in company's income compared to its initial value. The result is then
40146: This function takes an input list of numbers and multiplies each number by the given 'scalar'. The result is returned as another output.  It
40147: This function calculates the result of an operation using parameters '(', x, ', and m). The formula used is "result = ((base *
40148: This is the base case of Fibo sequence. If 'N' equals to zero, it returns one and when N equal two also return on
40149: This function checks if the word 'rungs' is present as part of any line read from an input file. If it finds, returns True;
40150: If the input 'None' or not provided, it returns null; otherwise cleans up and splits last word of given string into separate variables to be
40151: This function calculates the percentage of students who scored higher than their corresponding teacher in two schools, given that both have data about student scores and teachers'
40152: If the "check license" is false, return either 'generate' or else returns true/false based on whether it exists in dictionary `answer`
40153: This function checks if the input value can be considered as an integer or floating point number. It returns True when it's true and False otherwise based
40154: This line of Python script returns the result rounded to 3 decimal places. It takes in two parameters, K and M which represent kilometers or
40155: If no document is provided or only one validates successfully then it returns an empty message. Otherwise the function will provide more detailed information about how many documents
40156: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd(x, y). It starts with result as 1 and then repeatedly applies mod
40157: A dictionary named "Query" is created with an attribute "_Type". The value of the '_TYPE' key in 'QUERY', which defaults to
40158: This Python function compares two lists and returns the common elements of them as new list, without duplicates using nested loops with if condition to check equality
40159: This function calculates the remainder of an arithmetic progression. It takes three parameters, 'm', which is incremented by 1 each time
40160: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and return only part after '/' from 'full path'. It uses rindex() function in
40161: If the left and right hand side are equal, return true. Otherwise false is returned in Python programming language – it's similar to C++
40162: This line of the given Python script cleans up text by removing any non alphanumeric characters and converting all letters to lowercase. It then returns
40163: This Python function calculates the value of 'i' based on an inputted variable, which is constrained within two given values. The formula used to
40164: This Python script takes an array of tuples as input, and returns another list with the second element from each tuple - ie., it'
40165: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary dictionary with multiple lists of length ∈ {one}, converts it into one long single line string where
40166: This function returns the string representation of vardef and data. (Note that it's not clear what 'f"' is doing here
40167: "Returns_firstLine" 		  			   	   									    	  """.format(input=str))"""```python`def
40168: This Python script splits the URL encoded string into key/value pairs and returns them as dictionary format using list comprehension within python programming language –
40169: This Python script maps the given list of operating system names to their corresponding versions on different Linux distributions, based off an input dictionary mapping keys with values that
40170: This function checks if the given string is an opening bracket. It returns True or False based on whether it's either '(' –>
40171: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
40172: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the same value with some modifications. The first condition checks whether or not it is greater than zero,
40173: If the given string is one of VX versions, it returns 'Stable', otherwise depending on whether or not its an older/newer release
40174: This function checks whether the input value 'value' can be considered as an instance of type "list". If it does not meet that condition then return
40175: This Python function returns the dictionary with keys 'Title', and optionally other key/value pairs like ‘Version’ or Date. If no parameters
40176: If 'param_nam' is found within the dictionary, it returns its value from "list" plus 0. Otherwise return only `lst
40177: This Python script creates an empty 'Set' and adds all the keys from each dictionary within "Neuro" into it using their unique identifiers as
40178: This function expects an array of two floats as input and returns the resultant list after applying some operation on it using numpy's arrange
40179: This Python function converts the input to string, tries converting it into floating point number. If successful then returns that value as Float else return '
40180: This Python script uses the builtin function 'zip' to pair up elements from two lists. It then flattens these pairs into one single line
40181: If the integer is nonnegative, simply returns it. Otherwise calculates and then shifts to left by 'offset' bits using bitwise OR operator "
40182: This Python script initializes the variable 'max_value' with negative infinity, then iterates over each row of input grid. If it finds any
40183: This Python function generates an SVG element with the specified coordinates and color. The stroke width is also set to be equal of 'thumb'.  It
40184: This function checks whether the input number is even or not. If it's divisible by two, then returns True; otherwise False will be returned
40185: This is an implementation of the binary search algorithm. It starts with two variables, 'n' and "(b+=((x>>i))
40186: A function that generates an SQL statement to fetch data from the database. The input is list of referenceIds and color, it returns one line string with
40187: This function checks if the given position is within any of several defined 'regions' or ranges. If it finds one, returns true; otherwise false
40188: Check if the command run by user is an issue. If it's not, then return False; otherwise True – based on whether there are
40189: If the variable 'library' isn’t defined, it will be set to “SVO”. Then return path of directory where SV
40190: This Python function calculates the total number of pixels by summing up all pixel values from each layer. The result is returned as 'return' statement
40191: Raise an error if the user does not provide input that is 'Y', ‘Yes’, ,or'True'. Otherwise return lowerc
40192: This function checks whether the input 'X' is present within an allowed set. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or last element of
40193: This function calculates the number of times each element in an array is read, and then returns that count divided by total elements. The result multiplied
40194: This Python function checks the existence of certain keys ('file name', ‘filenames’, or just any other key named as "Name")
40195: This Python function checks whether the first two characters of an input string are either "xx" ("XX") and then removes them from that part before processing
40196: This Python function takes an integer input in seconds and converts it into hours/minutes format. The result is returned as degrees & minutes with the
40197: If x or y are neither integer types then raise an error.  Otherwise do the following operations...   [Specify what to actually perform]
40198: This script calculates the ranking of players based on their win/loss ratio and CTF score. The higher wins are ranked lower in terms relative to
40199: Code loops over all cells of the notebook, checks if they have source content; also verifies that their execution count isn't changing during loop
40200: If the input 'object' isn’s an instance of tuple or List then return zero. Else check last element in sequence and recursively call
40201: This function calculates the nth number of Fibonacci sequence. If input is negative it returns zero and otherwise return calculated value from fib
40202: This Python script counts the number of passed tests and failed test cases. It also skips these results are not available or have been classified as 'not
40203: This Python function returns the rounded values of two numbers, both calculated from an angle. The first number is obtained by multiplying and dividing it with
40204: This Python function converts all non ASCII strings to their string representation using the dictionary method 'dict'. It also handles lists by converting them into an
40205: If the total number of true positives, false negatives and other are zero then return 'Not Computable'. Otherwise calculate precision & Recal from
40206: If the variable 'host' isn’t defined, return “default”. Otherwise it should just simply be returning what was in that value of
40207: If the sequences are not equally long, raise an error.  This is to ensure that we're comparing two correctly sized data sets when performing operations
40208: This Python function calculates the maximum of two values and prints out both original requests as well calculated delays. The result is returned in formated dictionary format
40209: This block of Python script is setting up the parameters specific to DenseNet models. It checks which version/model name was passed and sets corresponding values
40210: This script splits the input string into separate line strings. It then prefixes each of these with '// '. The result is an array where every
40211: Set motion required to true, set is digrph start as false and action command no op. Return the updated dictionary with these values in it'
40212: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
40213: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first is an integer that's obtained by performing bitwise AND operation with mask `&`
40214: This Python function calculates the maximum sum of any subarray. It uses Kadane's algorithm to find out which is largest among all possible
40215: This function returns '36' when the input is less than four, otherwise it will always output "'" or an integer. The value of two
40216: This Python script splits the input string into separate word strings, removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each of these individual "words", and
40217: Find the first occurrence of ' in string. Code is used to identify and return start index, if found else returns nil  . It's an
40218: A dictionary that maps numbers from one to another. The keys are the number, and values represent letters in an alphabetical order starting with 'a
40219: This Python script creates an empty list and iterates over the 'labels' variable. If it encounters any number type data within these label values -
40220: This Python script checks if the elements in two sets are equal or not. If they're unequal, it returns 'No'. Otherwise,'Yes
40221: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
40222: This Python function checks if the given list has exactly three elements, where second element is 'LANe', third one's name in lower case
40223: This function normalizes the data in an array. It takes as inputs two matrices and their corresponding min/ max values to perform normalization on one matrix'
40224: This Python function calculates the determinants of square matrices. It uses recursion to calculate smaller and simpler submatrices, then multiplies them together
40225: This Python function calculates the sum of all integers and lists within given input. If it encounters non-"integer/non -lists", prints error
40226: This Python function returns the details of an object with specific properties. The returned dictionary contains stop id ("key"), route number("value") and other related
40227: This function converts the time in hours, minutes and seconds to degrees of latitude or longitudes on Earth's surface using Greenwich Mean
40228: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
40229: This line of Python script returns the result from zipping two lists together. The * operator is used to unpack all elements in lst1 and then
40230: This function takes in two parameters; 'fcolor' and ‘stroke’. It then creates the dictionary with keys as styles that are used
40231: This Python script sorts the dictionary filetype items and generates an output string with each key value pair separated by semicolon (;). The last three characters
40232: This program simulates the process of decreasing "disks" as long they are greater than zero. It also increments an 'epsilon' value every
40233: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
40234: This Python script replaces all keys of the dictionary with their corresponding values from another given dictinary and returns resulting string as output." I'
40235: This Python function checks whether the number 'n' is within range [0..l] before performing division. If it isn’t in that scope
40236: This script is used to generate the list of console messages. It contains different types and levels, which are then stored in an array named 'prefix'
40237: This Python function checks whether the input is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing an original and reversed version of it, returning true
40238: This line of the Python script checks if all characters in each string are whitespace, returning True only when there is at least one nonwhitespace
40239: Copies the values of dictionary 'y' into new variable named "x" and returns it as result."  This is an example Python function that
40240: This Python function takes an input of type list and returns two lists - one with the first elements from each sublist within that original 'array', another
40241: This line of the script splits each element in 'Data' by semicolon and stores it into an array called "Split Data".  It
40242: This is the formula used to calculate Return on Investment. It's based off of an investment strategy where one investor pays interest in full,
40243: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer that is constructed by shifting 8 bits to left and then ORing it with another value.
40244: This Python script reads from an input file which is assumed to be formatted as per the given problem statement; it parses each nonempty string that starts
40245: This function returns the DOI of an article in string format, using its unique identifier as input and appending it to 'http:/'s base
40246: This Python function takes an input list of numbers and returns another one with the same length, but each number is replaced by its next smaller element from right
40247: This function checks if the given operation is within certain ranges. The range of each condition corresponds to an ASCII value in hexadecimal format,
40248: This Python function calculates the determinant of 6x4 matrix using nested loops. The outer two loop variables are used to iteratively access elements
40249: This function calculates the number of elements in an aggregate and their average. It also computes variance using sample method which is more efficient than population standard
40250: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the arguments 'arg1' and "+" operator, then returns their summation result as
40251: This Python function checks if the sum of factorials is equal to an inputted integer 'number'. It does so by first converting each individual digital place
40252: This function returns the position of mouse cursor in pixels. The coordinates are divided by 'resolution' to get more precise results as it is usually used with
40253: This script is used to create an empty list and then populate it with the second element of each pair from 'path'. It also uses three nested
40254: This program calculates the average number of items per unit by dividing total count over all units. It then prints out these averages to console using
40255: This function checks if the given list of strings contains one or more specific string patterns. If it does, then returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating
40256: This line of the Python function converts an input value to its equivalent in kilobytes. The conversion factor is given as '1 byte =
40257: This function returns the result of doubling an input number 'i' and adding one. It is used to generate some kind or sequence in Python programming
40258: This Python script converts the list 'v' into an array using numpy and then returns it as variables with names from that inputted variable name
40259: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40260: This line of Python script prints the name variable. ... [truncated] ...   NameError, unbound local or global symbol '
40261: This Python function checks if the given number is an Armstrong Number. An armstong numeral, in which each of its digits are raised
40262: This function takes an underscored string and returns the same text with each first character of every single "WORD" capitalized, but all other characters
40263: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The formula is derived from physics and it's used to calculate heat transfer
40264: This Python function returns the same as its name suggests by removing any key/value pair from an object that has `None` value and returning it back
40265: This Python script reads JSON data from the given input and extracts specific information about project & institution. The extracted details are stored in an attribute dictionary which
40266: This Python function calculates the value of an ATM transaction based on various factors and returns it as per given conditions in problem statement – Code is
40267: If the number of trimmings from reference sequence is less than or equal to an offest value. Return that as result else return None –
40268: Checks whether the string 's' is present as an entry of any row within "table". If it does, returns true. Otherwise false
40269: This line of the program calculates and assigns to 'output' variable, which is then returned by function. The calculation involves subtracting current index
40270: If the input string does not start with 'sha256:' then return it as given, otherwise remove that prefix and finally check whether or no
40271: This function returns different values based on the number of training iterations, which is used to control learning rate during model optimization process in machine Learning algorithms like Grad
40272: This Python function takes an IP or domain name and its corresponding Port number as input parameters; it checks whether the string contains ':' character using python'
40273: This Python function takes in an input string s and returns the same output as if it were run through one or more "folders" of code,
40274: This line of the Python script is splitting `segnam` by '___' and taking only last part, then checking if it ends with '_data
40275: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
40276: This Python script checks the input string 'name' and returns different loss functions based on whether it contains certain keywords or not, using Keras Loses
40277: This Python function converts the first word of an input string to its corresponding case. It also splits that into separate parts if it's not
40278: This Python script creates two lists, one with the values of -p_list and another list that is created by adding corresponding elements from both input arrays
40279: This Python script splits the input string 'name' into parts based on an underscore character. It then assigns to variable `chain_id
40280: This Python function calculates the coefficient of each term by multiplying its degree with next one' s value and appending it to 'list'. The
40281: This Python function takes in the number of total minutes and returns it as rounded down to nearest minute. It also calculates how many full 'mins
40282: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each subarray within the main array and adds to it one element at time by appending
40283: This Python function uses regular expressions to match and extract the major minor patch versions from an input string 'version'. The pattern ".*.\..*\."
40284: This function returns the opposite of what it receives as input. If its argument is 'strands' and equals to '-', then return an output that
40285: Creates an empty dictionary named 'kw_proplot' to store the keywords and their corresponding plot. 0/1 values are also allowed in
40286: A dictionary containing information about the webpage.  The keys are 'Tag', which is always set to value of string; url and title contain URL
40287: This function takes in two parameters, y and x. It multiplies the first parameter by 0x^3 + 4xyz + z -
40288: This Python function finds the maximum palindrome made from multiplying two numbers within given constraints. It starts with highest possible number and checks if it'
40289: This Python script is used to extract the domain names from an input list of strings, excluding any empty or null values and removing '<>' characters
40290: This line of the given Python script returns an expression that creates and lists tuples from another list. The inner tuple contains two elements - one is
40291: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
40292: This Python script creates and returns an empty list 'd' with the same structure as input data "dlst" but filled by copying elements from another
40293: If 'i' is 1, then it returns true. Otherwise checks whether or not the value of "j" equals zero and responds accordingly
40294: This function calculates the mass fraction of an atom given its atomic number and density. It does so by dividing both parts in which one is divided
40295: If the current 'State' is stalefactoring, return an error message. Otherwise do nothing and end with no result returned by function
40296: This function calculates the RGB values based on some probability. The input is assumed to be between [prob=[], end] and it's
40297: If the 'path' variable is not defined, it will simply exit.  This line of script checks to see whether or no there exists an assigned
40298: If either of the files are not provided, return false. Otherwise continue with processing...  Code snippet to explain what it does and why you
40299: This Python function adds two numbers together and returns the result, but only keeps lower half of it. The upper part is discarded as per bitwise
40300: This Python function raises an error when the divisor is equal to Zero. Otherwise, it returns x divided with y as per normal division operation but
40301: This function tries to get the byte codes of its arguments, if it fails then returns an empty dictionary with all keys set as 'None'. If successful
40302: This function calculates the ratio of two signals, signal_1 and 0. The result is then scaled to fall within [DMIN; D
40303: This function calculates the value of polynomial at point vec using given coefficients.  The result is returned as an integer, which can be used in
40304: This line of the script checks whether there is at least one title with subtitles, returns an empty string otherwise. If it does find any titles
40305: This line of the Python script converts all text to lowercase, and then checks if it's either 'True', or just an empty string
40306: This function calculates the square of each number from 3 to 'N' and returns their total. If N isn’t an integer greater than
40307: If either path is less than 2 characters, return false. Otherwise continue with the rest of your function...   [END] Code snippet
40308: This Python function takes in the first row of an input file and splits it into three parts based on tab characters (\n). The second part is
40309: This line of the program is updating or incrementing 'cardBalance' by an inputted value. The variable "amount" holds how much money
40310: This Python function checks the value of an 'entity' variable and returns different responses based on its values. If it is either equal to “ns
40311: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence using modified version of Binet's formula. If 'n', which is index in terms
40312: This function returns an empty list when no option is provided, and it generates the same output as before but in one line using Python's List Com
40313: This Python script generates the difference between two lists by checking if each element of one list is present and absent from another, then appends those elements to
40314: This Python function calculates the dot product of two lists u and ‘v’. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents their
40315: This function calculates the value of y based on input parameters. The formula is derived from an equation that involves division and subtraction, which are common
40316: This function returns two strings that are enclosed by single quotes or double quotation marks based on the input string. The first one is in form of
40317: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40318: This function calculates the average of numbers in an input list. The result is returned as one line, using Python's builtin functions like '
40319: If the action is not protected branch update required status checks enforcement level, return false and get value of 'Required Status Chechs Enforecemnt
40320: This Python script returns the dictionary of items that exist only once within 'after' and are present as keys at least one time but also appear more than
40321: This function returns the sentiment of an input number as either 'Positive', ‘Negative’, or Neutural' depending on whether it
40322: This line of the Python function returns an expression that is equivalent to subtracting 'y' from variable "x" and then multiplying it by '-
40323: This script sorts the KSUIlst by their timestamps using Python's builtin sorting function and lambda functions, then returns
40324: This python script calculates the height of an individual based on their pixel position and camera's focus. The formula is derived from image processing, where
40325: This Python function checks whether the 'new total' value exists, compares it with an existing one ('old_value'), calculates their difference or
40326: If the variable 'count' is equal to 1, it returns first element of list. Otherwise nothing happens and program continues execution with next line or
40327: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40328: This python function checks the sum of digits and returns it modulo by ten if possible, otherwise -9 is returned as an indicator that input was
40329: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40330: "lang" is used to specify the language of content. The dictionary stores key value pairs where 'key' – video and its corresponding values -
40331: This Python script counts the length of policy lines based on different types and steps within controls, which is then returned as 'Policies Length'.
40332: This Django model is named '<insert name of the metric here>'. It has been created with fields <list all field names in order they
40333: This Python script splits each word of the input string into separate elements, sums them up and then divides by number to get an average value from
40334: This function splits the input string by '!' and returns only if it contains exactly two parts, otherwise raises an error with appropriate message about url having
40335: This Python function matches the regular expression "rgb_\\w*_\\w*.p?ng". If it finds match, return '_' followed
40336: This function takes in an input list m and returns the first element of that array. If no elements are present, it will return "None".
40337: This Python script checks the value of an input variable and returns it in different formats based on its type. If 'string' is equal to either
40338: This Python function returns the color based on whether or not 'val' is less than 0. If it isn’t, then return Red;
40339: Swap the values of x and z in Python. Code is already correct as per requirement but if you want to make it more concise then we
40340: If the string does NOT start with "www.", then convert it to lower case; otherwise return as is – Code snippet of Python
40341: This Python function calculates the factors needed to resize an image. It takes into account both aspect ratio and size while resizing images in PIL format
40342: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary named 'freq_dict'. It's used to store frequency counts.  The keys are unique
40343: This line of the given Python script returns all indices from 'full set' that are NOT present within ‘selected’. It does so by iter
40344: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
40345: This script converts the coordinates from an input list to another format, by subtracting off their central pixel value and then dividing them into units of
40346: This script is used to filter the dataframe based on 'lane' column. The filtered output will be returned as dictionary with library ids and
40347: This function scales the given coordinates by multiplying them with respective scaling factors. It also ensures that any resulting value is not greater than its maximum possible limit
40348: This function returns the first element of `myList` that has an attribute with key equal to 'value' from leftmost position, if no such
40349: This script is used to iteratively go through each item within the 'node' list and assigns it with an extracted date. The function returns updated
40350: This script replaces special characters with their corresponding HTML entities, which are then replaced back by the original character if needed in other parts of your program or
40351: This function converts Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula f = c + 1/4, where 'c' is in
40352: This Python script filters out any empty or whitespace strings from the input list of texts and joins them back together with spaces in between each line using an
40353: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
40354: Code is used to configure the logging settings in an application. It allows users of your app or library/module, who may be using it as part
40355: This is an implementation of the binary counter algorithm. It counts how many bits in 'binary' representation are set to one, starting from rightmost bit
40356: Create two dictionaries from the input strings and then find out their intersection.  The result is an array of unique characters that are present both dictionary keys
40357: This function filters out faces that are not on the given coordinate value from all layers of an object' s contours, based upon their points order within
40358: This function checks whether every element of the input 'vector' object, or any subtype thereof such as list/matrix etc., are vectors. If
40359: Removed the "data['InvalidExtraName']" line and replaced it with 'return' statement to remove extra name from dictionary keys in Python
40360: Removes all non alphanumeric characters from the given text. ...   ### END CODE SAMPLE###" }'
40361: This line of the script checks whether 'type' returns "function" or not. If it does, then convert that to string using `str`
40362: This function calculates the perceived brightness of an RGB color by applying certain formulas to each component and then combining them with some constants, which is commonly used
40363: This line of the Python function calculates an estimate based on alpha and magnitude data, using some form factor to adjust it according with observed star's
40364: This function raises an error when the user's inputted 'mu', which should be positive, isn’t. It returns zeros in case
40365: This Python script counts the number of late arrivals from an array 'students' where each element represents time spent at school. The function returns how
40366: If the input string doesn't contain any number, it returns an empty String; otherwise split by '.', remove trailing zeros from end of
40367: This function returns the input string if it'is not empty, otherwise just outputs its value.  It is used to prevent any errors when trying do
40368: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses division and modulus operations in an iterative manner
40369: This line of the script returns list comprehension, which is an efficient way to process and transform data. The expression inside parentheses creates tup
40370: If the 'content' key is missing from document, return false and otherwise check whether content length exceeds 3 characters or more than ten lines of text
40371: 返回一个字符串，格式为 '<MinIKAN版本>_{ZootherVersion}'。例如：'
40372: This line of the given Python script splits its input string into individual elements based on commas, returning them as an array in one single statement using
40373: If the random number is less than 2 then it returns dictionary with batch size as '16' and local epoch count set to either one or
40374: If variable 'None' or string value then return. Else check the data types and perform operations accordingly – int/float returns as it was
40375: This function takes an input list and returns the first 'n' elements of that given as argument. If length is more than specified, it will return
40376: If the input dictionary is empty it will join all arguments into one string separated by commas and return formatted as f"function_call_{input}
40377: This line of the Python script generates an HTTP GET request URL with specific parameters set by user input, which is then used to fetch and parse CoreN
40378: This function returns the extension of an input file name, or adds one to it in case there is no dot present and then checks whether that result starts
40379: This line of the given Python script checks if two variables are equal and returns an integer. If they're not, it will simply be 0
40380: This line of the given Python script creates two lists, keys and values from dictionaries 'a' & ‘b’ respectively using dictionary comprehension
40381: This Python script tries to access the first page of an HTML document and calculates its textual content. If it fails, then returns zero as default
40382: This Python function counts the number of steps it takes to reduce 'Target' value from odd or even until its become zero. It uses an infinite loop
40383: This Python function sums all the elements of an input string 's'. The result is returned as integer.  It uses builtin python functions and syntax
40384: This Python function takes in the string 'Text' and returns it split into individual word, then joined back together with spaces between each one using join().
40385: If the number is less than 10, it returns that same value. Otherwise -> Returns "Not enough data" string in any case of
40386: This Python script uses the 'import' statement to include modules, then defines and calls functions from those imported module in sequence with appropriate parameters as per requirement
40387: This function attempts to return the value of "conf['auto_complete']". If it fails, then instead returns 'False'. – [Your
40388: This script copies the original list of OTUs and then iterates over each sequence within these sequences. It replaces every value with its corresponding integer
40389: This Python function calculates the number of full and partial feets in an input height value using only integer division/remainder operation without any floating
40390: This script uses two dictionaries to map opening and closing characters of different types with their corresponding ones from the same type; it also creates an array that
40391: Reads the file at given path and returns its content in byte format using Python' builtin function "open" – read mode is set to
40392: This function calculates the product of two numbers and divides it by their greatest common denominator. The result is returned as an Int32 type
40393: This function takes two points as input and returns them in the form of tuples. It's used to create an 'edge'.  The
40394: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with tuples of keys from the 'val' variable that are present as nodes within another
40395: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements, then filters out those that do not match regex pattern "only digit".  It returns
40396: This function returns the given number and string in one line. If 'word' is not singular it appendes an s to end of sentence otherwise no
40397: This Python function takes an RGB value and multiplies it by the given property to create new values with rounding applied on each of them using list comprehens
40398: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between each element of two lists. It then sums up these differences to give an overall score, which is returned
40399: This function checks whether each digit of the input string is within ‘[a,b]’. If it finds any number outside that range then
40400: This Python script creates an empty resultant array and then fills it with the elements from each subarray of 'input' using append. The final output
40401: This line of Python script is using list comprehension to filter out the data where 'HIVE' appears at index 1. It does so by
40402: This Python function flattens the given input 't' into one dimension by using recursion and checking if an element of type "list". If
40403: If the input 'milestone' isn’t an integer or floating point number then return "None".  This will prevent any potential errors when trying
40404: This Python function finds the maximum value from dictionary and returns its corresponding keys, ie., it is an implementation of finding 'mode' or most common
40405: This line of the program calculates and returns two elements from an array, which are coordinates. The first element is calculated by adding corresponding indices in both
40406: If the peer id is “31” AND document ID equals to 'd' then return true, else false. Else do not consider
40407: This function filters out the 'request' object based on whether it has permission to "ticket" with an id equal or greater than 10
40408: This Python function checks the type of 'param' and performs different actions based on its content. It also handles special cases when column names are involved or
40409: This Python script splits the given filepath into its components and returns only those that are not '.' in their position, effectively removing any hidden files
40410: This is an implementation of binary representation. It takes the input 'x' and converts it into its corresponding Binary array using bitwise AND operation
40411: This function is used to filter the 'allDataInfo' list based on users chosen levels, returning only those entries that match with their selected "Level
40412: This Python script generates an array of integers from the start index 's' to end at ‘e’ with incrementing values based on their position
40413: Checks the length of title inputs and whether they are all strings; then checks their types to ensure that both titles have same data structure before proceeding with
40414: This Python script calculates the sum of all numbers that are divisible by another. It uses nested loops to check every pair combination, if it finds
40415: This Python function checks the divisibility of numbers by both three and five, returning 'FizBuz' when it finds one or more that
40416: Assertion that checks if 'a' is less than the value of variable `b`. If not true it throws an error message stating as such
40417: This is an R script that sums the values of certain variables when their index numbers are known. The variable 'sum' starts at zero and then adds
40418: This Python function checks the type of product to be processed. If it's an image, then returns its name as 'number_name'. Otherwise
40419: This Python script is used to calculate the third element of each list item, which represents 3D coordinates based on two other elements from that same position
40420: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40421: This Python function converts all uppercase characters in the string to lower case. If not an Upper Case character, it leaves them as is and adds
40422: This is an example of Python script that performs some mathematical operations on variables and constants defined in the problem statement, which are then printed out to standard output
40423: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both these point are taken from 'pose'
40424: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/string.  It is very simple and efficient, but it's not as
40425: Import necessary modules, compile regular expression to match filenames of the format 'xxx_{yy}{z}_{w}W', and then use it
40426: This python script calculates the sum of absolute differences divided by their sums, which is similar to mean squared error loss function used during training neural networks
40427: This Python function checks whether the string 'Wednesday' is present as an element of dictionary keys. If it isn’t, then return zero;
40428: This line of the script checks if host's operating system is Windows. If it isn’t windows then returns true else false indicating that we are
40429: If the size of 'indices', which represents an array or list, in your Python script/code isn’t greater than 0. Ra
40430: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from the given input "data". The keys are split into two parts based on '.
40431: This Python function returns the appropriate symbol based on its input. If it's 3, then '>>', else '-'. For any other value
40432: This function calculates the linear equation y = ax^n+b, where n is an integer. The result of each call to it will be
40433: This function returns the third element of an array if it exists, otherwise return last one.  It checks each configuration and stops when reaching its iteration limit
40434: This Python function takes an integer input representing the number of hours and converts it to equivalent time in format HH : MM. The result is
40435: This function deletes the specified dictionary entry based on its 'Key' value, returning updated Dictionary after operation is complete – it checks first whether an
40436: Code snippet to enable DCoS with OIDC and Authenticaiton type as 'OidctImpliciFlow
40437: Returns the resource name in Google Cloud Platform. 1st element is "projects" and second one as project ID, which are combined to form
40438: This Python function calculates the decimal value of an input string 'n'. It works by converting each character to its corresponding integer and then multiplying it
40439: This function checks whether the input string is in all upper case letters. If it's not, or its length isn’t between 2 to
40440: This line of the Python script checks if any value is equal to one or more specific values. The function returns True only when input string v equals either
40441: This function returns the coordinates of all four neighbors in an image. The order is top left to bottom right clockwise from outside towards inside and then counter
40442: A dictionary is created to store the ratio of different gases in kg/kg CO₂ and CH₄ respectively with their respective names as keys."
40443: Replaces "; AND" with 'AND', replaces ; OR to become || in the output string.  This is done by using regular expressions as
40444: Returns an error response in JSON format with the given HTTP Status Code and Error Details.  The returned object is structured as per API standards such that it
40445: This function checks the type of 'object' and returns it as an object in case its not one mentioned above else converts that to another form based
40446: This Python script is used to remove certain special characters from the input string "given name". The function returns an updated version of that same variable with all
40447: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
40448: This line of the given Python script multiplies two elements from an array named 'terms'. The result is returned.  It's important to note
40449: This function returns the bytes value of an IP address. It takes three parameters, converts them to strings and concatenates with other string values respectively which
40450: This Python function takes an input string that starts with 'uri' and replaces the prefix of it to get rid off binder api url formatting
40451: This line of the Python script checks if 'return_value' is either True or “True”, and returns it as lowercase version ("
40452: This Python script checks the type of each database field and returns its corresponding MySQL data types. It also handles some special cases like 'enum' or varchar
40453: If the 'title' variable in our function does not exist, return false. Otherwise continue with other operations as normal...  [...]   else :
40454: Return the value of 'passed' or, in case it’s null/None,'default'.  If both are nonnull then do nothing.
40455: This function checks if the first two characters of an input string are either both ‘one’ or all other digits. If so, it returns
40456: This Python script splits the input string into separate, nonempty strings on newlines (\newline). It then returns these as list of elements after removing
40457: This function searches through the row of data and returns index if found. If not present it will return 'None'.  Code explanation is also provided below
40458: Return the version of OpenAPI as string. 1/0 points if not found, or else returns it with leading zeros removed and converted to
40459: This Python function raises an error when the 'lower' is greater thatn ‘upper’, and returns either of these values depending on whether or
40460: This program will continue to run as long the input number is greater than zero. If it encounters an odd value, then breaks out of loop and
40461: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40462: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an equation's "y" intercept ("bias") along with its corresponding slant
40463: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 1 and n/
40464: Checks if the string is palindrome. 1 line solution in Python using slicing and comparison operator "==".   [Hint]
40465: This function flattens an arbitrarily nested array of lists into one level deep by using recursion and the builtin Python 'is' instance
40466: Checks if any of three conditions are met, i.e., either 'BreadCrump Click' is clicked on an element with id=
40467: This Python function counts the number of ones and zeros in an input array, then returns either 'one' or zero based on which is greater.
40468: If the file name provided does not have an extension of .YAML, it will return that same value as input; otherwise - remove ".ym
40469: This function checks if the input value 'is an integer'. If it's true then returns "True", else return false. In case of any
40470: This function returns the direction to move based on two points in 3D space. It checks whether one point's z coordinate is greater than,
40471: This Python function converts an input number from one range to another. It does so by first calculating the difference between two ranges, then scaling and shifting
40472: This function returns the string 'refs/remotes/{remote}/{ref}'. The {local_repo}, and ‘Remote’ are
40473: If the word is NOT found within sentences and deletion part specified as 'After', it will split string at that point; otherwise return false with original
40474: This line of the FizzBuzz program calculates and returns next number in fibonacci sequence. It uses previous two numbers to calculate new
40475: This function returns the result of multiplying 'X' by itself if X is positive, otherwise it will just be returned as 1. It uses
40476: This Python function takes in the configuration of an existing machine learning or natural language processing models and returns it with added configurations. The new config is 'dict
40477: If the current word's ranking is one in its list of stopword ranks. Return it as 'one'. Otherwise return maximum between itself and difference
40478: This function returns the color based on whether or not 'x' is equal to string value of no. If it equals, then return Red else Black
40479: Created dictionary to map string types.	'}'  } in Python programming language, which is used as the data structure of input and output during
40480: If the attribute id exists in an instance of class or its parent classes then return that value else default to returning original input as it is not found within
40481: This Python function splits the string "s" into two parts using ':' as separator and checks if either part is empty; If so it
40482: This Python script attempts to access the Geo interface from an object, and if it fails due some exception then prints out that error. It also checks what
40483: This Python function takes in an input of type 'string' and replacements all the spaces with no space, then converts it to lower case
40484: This Python script creates an empty list, then appends to it the results of creating lists from two different dictionaries and sorting them by their keys
40485: This function takes in the string 'rew' and returns two values based on what it receives. If its input is equal to one of three strings ("
40486: This function calculates and returns an integer value that represents how far apart their corresponding elements are in terms of weighting, or importance level if they have
40487: If the variable 'dateOffset' is equal to “0”, return string with value of Tommorow. Else it returns Today as
40488: This function returns the conversion factor from meters to other units of measurement based on input name in dictionary format with keys as unit names and values are their corresponding
40489: This function returns the string 'primary_key' which is an integer type. (Note that it doesn’t do anything with its input
40490: This function checks the type of input and returns it as output, but only when there is no space or underscore/dash/_ present at start &
40491: This line of Python script returns the reciprocal or inverse square root. It takes an array as input and calculates its elementwise inverses
40492: This Python script creates an empty matrix with dimensions equal to the lengths of two strings. It then fills it up by comparing characters from both inputted string
40493: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the 'Record' objects provided by another function or module to create dictionaries from each
40494: If the given 'label' parameter in function call isn’t provided, return an empty string. Else it returns formatted text with '_', followed
40495: This line of the given Python script is removing an unnecessary character from string.  The condition checks if first two characters are "[" and then removes them
40496: This line of Python script joins all lines in the input string with spaces between them, effectively removing any newline characters from each individual element within that list
40497: This Python function calculates the luminosity of an RGB color by using its components and returns it as output, which is then used in other calculations or visual
40498: This line of the program converts all variables to their absolute values.  It is equivalent in functionality and performance with numpy's builtin functions
40499: This Python function takes in an input of type String, converts the first character to its corresponding ASCII value and returns it as capitalized. The
40500: This Python script splits the input string into separate line elements and filters out any empty or non-"=="-line strings before mapping to create dictionary from
40501: Replaces the `code` blocks in markup with [MarkDown Parsing Fix].  This is useful when you want to keep your Mark
40502: This function copies the entire dictionary of nodes and their corresponding values from one network to another, recursively copying any nested dictionaries it encounters within those
40503: Compare two activity profiles of equal lengths; if they are not identical raise an error message otherwise return zeroes as results list with size equals profile's
40504: This Python script splits each string of the list 'elements' into individual strings and stores them as an array named "OutputList". The split()
40505: This line of the Python function checks if an input number is within some small tolerance range. The lower limit, middle value and upper limits are all defined
40506: This Python script loops over the list of tuples, and returns an element from each tuple if its second item is "a". If no such
40507: This function checks whether the inputted 's' can form palinDromic permutations or it has one unique character that cannot repeat and return
40508: This Python script calculates the accuracy of an algorithm using Confusion Matrix. It also computes Precison and Recal from it's inputted
40509: This Python function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" or not. If it does then return flatterned version else returns
40510: This function returns the edge color and its corresponding similarities. It is used to determine which edges are more alike each other in an image processing task such
40511: This Python script finds the position of "://" in URI and if it's not found, returns original string else removes everything after first two characters
40512: This function takes an integer and multiplies it by the value of 'dim' level. The result is then rounded to nearest whole number using Python built
40513: This AVR program calculates the average rate of two given rates. The result is returned as an output variable 'avrRate'. It takes in
40514: If there are no processers, return the original data. Otherwise apply each of them to result and then returns it as output from last one applied
40515: This Python function checks whether the input is an integer or not, and returns true only when it's either -1 to 9 inclusive of zero
40516: This Python function calculates the values of three matrices and returns them in an array. The first element is simply matrix's diagonal elements; second one
40517: This function calculates the value of an object's heat transfer coefficient, which is used in thermodynamic calculations to estimate energy loss due on surface
40518: This Python function returns the indices i and J in an array of size 'size' as per given formula. The value at each position is calculated by
40519: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points using Pythagoras' theorem, which is calculated as sqrt((x
40520: This function checks the data types of variable and returns true if it's an integer, bigint或integer 3. If not one these three
40521: This Python function takes in the string "version" and splits it into three parts using '.' as separator returning them back to be used elsewhere
40522: This function checks the file extension of an input string, and returns true or false based on whether it ends with .NIfTI (.GZ),
40523: This Python script calculates the number of rows and columns needed to display n numbers in an organized way, with each row containing 'floor' or "
40524: This function converts an angle in decimal form to its cardinal direction equivalent, given the value of 'degree'. It raises and handles exceptions when input is
40525: This Python script uses the A* search algorithm to find shortest paths from one node in graph data structure, using adjacency list representation of graphs
40526: If the condition is true, it prints "No Match" and returns. Otherwise return with value of one or zero based on whether there's any
40527: This function returns the time in seconds rounded to nearest whole number. It takes two parameters, tval and secs which are both integers or floats
40528: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40529: This function converts the given number of miliscondes into time units. It does so by first converting to Days then Hours and finally Min
40530: This Python function takes as input the content of an article, and it splits that into individual sentences based on spaces (" ") or new paragraphs("\
40531: Generates list of dictionaries from an inputted 'optionList' where each dictionary contains the label and value.  The output is similar to ['
40532: If the least significant bit of 'B' is set, perform an XOR operation on variable "A" with itself. Then shift to right by
40533: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
40534: This line of the script is splitting an ID string into two parts using "." as separator and returning second part from it, which can be used
40535: This Python script counts the number of ones in binary representation. It does so by iterating over each bit from right to left, and incrementing '
40536: This Python function checks whether the string is empty, converts it to floating point number or returns as original value in case of any other type; otherwise
40537: This line of the given Python script is returning an URL with appended query parameter. The value to be added as 'query' depends on some variable
40538: This line of Python script converts all occurrences in the 'data' variable that contain an uppercase letter Q to lower case and removes it
40539: This Python script splits the input string by '&#38;' character and creates an associative array from it, where each key is one
40540: This Python function calculates the heat transfer coefficient based on given parameters, which is calculated as per equation provided in problem statement and returns it to be used
40541: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with values from two different input data structures ('dict' objects). If the same keys exist between
40542: Code: x / Divider, returns the quotient of division. If remainder is not zero then it's returned as "remainder"
40543: This Python function calculates the ID of an event based on its position in time. The data channel is assumed to be 0 indexed, and
40544: This Python function calculates the average of two numbers. If either number is zero, it returns None instead to avoid division by zeros error in future
40545: If the dictionary has 'Flow Cell ID' or ‘Sample Id’, it assigns them to ```flowname```. Else
40546: This function checks whether the input 'annotated' variable can be considered string. If it isn’t then raises and throws error message "only
40547: This line of the Python script checks if 'year' can be divided by four without leaving any remainder. If it does, then True; otherwise False
40548: This function takes an optional argument 'date' and converts it to the format of ISO 8601 if not provided, otherwise returns as
40549: This function calculates the percent of one number from another. The result is returned as an integer, which can be used in other calculations or displayed to
40550: This Python function returns two dictionaries, one with keys that are present only on the first dictionary and values from both dicts correspondingly assigned to them
40551: This line of Python script returns the time until next customer arrives.  The format function is used to insert data into string in specific order, here it
40552: This function checks whether the given key exists as both "Plurality" ("in") or just one of them. If it does exist then returns
40553: 返回一个包含消息内容、描述和代码的字符串。用户将收到此类信息，并可以点击“查看
40554: If the string ends with "/inde...(truncated)" – else return original String "s". This is an example of Python'
40555: This script filters the 'results' list to only include events where "decisions" are made. The total number of these decisions is then calculated and
40556: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40557: This Python function checks whether the input s can be considered as an instance of class "str" and then reverses it. If not true that'
40558: This Python function checks whether the input boolean value can be considered as either 'True' or ‘False’, and returns it accordingly based on its
40559: This function checks the type of an issue and returns either its description or default message. If it's not RHBZ, then return in
40560: This Python function converts the given number of 'seconds' into their equivalent in terms on hundredths. The result is then rounded to two decimal places
40561: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40562: This Python function takes an input text and uses the ASCII value of each character with its corresponding index from 'key' to encode it. The encoded
40563: This function calculates the slope of line given by two points.  The formula is derived from basic algebra and geometry, but it's very simple
40564: This Python script splits the time string into hours minutes and seconds then converts it to total number of second in one day by adding up all parts
40565: This function returns the maximum value from an input list of dictionaries based on specified metric. ... [truncated] ...   ###
40566: This function calculates the font size based on harmonic order and returns it as double precision number, with some conditions to limit its range of values or set
40567: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40568: This line of the given Python script is an implementation to handle alignment issues. It checks whether 'offset' and its value should be incremented by some
40569: This function takes an absolute import name as input and returns the same string but with slashes replaced by underscores. It also replaces colons
40570: This Python script reorganizes the data from 'samples' into multiple lists, each list containing volumes of one specific chemical compound at different time points
40571: This function counts the number of ways to partition an integer 'N' into two parts such that one part is less than or equal and other greater.
40572: If the first parameter is true, return its second value. Otherwise it returns third one – else clause in python programming language"
40573: If no target list provided, return an empty array. Else check the first element of each sublist to see whether it're selector string;
40574: This Python function takes as input an English sentence, and replaces certain prefix vowels with the appropriate suffix based on their position within that phrase or syll
40575: This Python script is used to extract the first element of each list within 'm' and concatenates them into one string. The result will be stored
40576: This line of the Python function returns True if and only when 'lat' is greater than or equal to 0. It checks whether an input value
40577: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on input parameters. The result is then returned as one line expression in scientific notation, which can
40578: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an approximation error in percentage. It takes into account both real distance, approximate distances from different algorithms or
40579: If the first part of 'Chromosome' starts with "CHR", return true, else check other conditions in order and stop at found
40580: This line of Python script converts the first, third and last element in given tuples. The elements are swapped to get new_order
40581: Returns the configuration of source. 1st line is 'src' and it returns config object from first element in list which has key as "source
40582: This Python function takes three arguments and returns the first two if they are not none. If only one argument given it will return that as well in case
40583: This script checks if the given 'point' is within or outside of an area defined by two walls. The range between these points are determined as [
40584: This Python script reads from the 'pivot' file and generates dictionary of queries with their corresponding relevant document IDs as values using an empty dict object
40585: A simple script that prints out the string '$' followed by whatever is in variable hello. (Note, you should replace `#
40586: Code defines an empty dictionary, then checks if it contains 'project urLs' key; If yes - assign its value to variable `metadata
40587: This Python function calculates the value of an objective to be minimized by using some form or method, which is not specified in your question but I
40588: This line of the Python script checks if "path" string ends with ".gz". It returns True or False based on whether it's true that
40589: This function takes an entity ID as input and replaces all dots with underscores.  It's used to clean up the format of some
40590: This Python function checks if the given '{KEY}' exists within any of dictionary keys or values from `STRING` inputted as an argument and returns
40591: This Python script is used to decompose the given number into its prime factors and return them as unique elements sorted by their frequency of occurrence, with highest
40592: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an integer value based on epoch, number batched per iteration(n), current index in each
40593: This function categorizes the type of change based on its prefixes and suffix, or if it's 'New', then returns that as well
40594: “Answer” is the variable that stores text with some wrapping and field added to it. The function returns "answer". It's
40595: This function checks whether the given number is within specified range. If it's in, then returns 'True', otherwise - return "False".
40596: This is the formula used to calculate friction force in physics. It's based on character parameters like velocity, length and mass of characters moving at
40597: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variables b=q^(0.7),c;d~e,(f+g
40598: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' and two keys exist within an object. If all conditions are met it returns true else false
40599: This Python function converts an integer to binary and returns the result as list of digits in reverse order, ie., from LSB at index
40600: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using numpy's sum and power functions to square differences then take root of that result
40601: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40602: This Python script creates an inverse dictionary from the given 'words' map by swapping keys and values of original dict into new one using builtins function
40603: This line of the given Python script removes all digits from string "s". The lambda function checks if each character in input is digit or al
40604: This line of the given Python script is performing an operation that scales and shifts images in order to prepare them suitable as input data into machine learning models,
40605: If the bot has no assigned roles, return none; else check whether it's an ID or empty string with prefix '<>', then remove that
40606: This Python function calculates the number of each type result from an input dictionary. It then returns these counts as two new keys, 'Actual' &
40607: This Python function conversts Unix timestamp to date and time in python'd localtime() method, if the input is not an integer or
40608: Code is creating two dictionaries with keys 'ren' &amp;#x1F3C6;&nbsp;"and&quot;/keys/
40609: This function converts an integer to its Roman numeral equivalent. It handles the special cases of numbers from '1' through and including, but not
40610: If the 'Path Update' object does not exist, it returns an empty Dictionary. Otherwise updates its values and return updated Dictonary as output
40611: This Python script generates the differences between consecutive pairs of values from an input list 'Data'. The difference is calculated by subtracting each value with its previous
40612: This Python script splits the column specification into prefixes and indices; then it filters out columns based on these criteria from an existing list of dataframe
40613: This Python function takes three 3D points and returns the minimum bounding box coordinates along with its dimensions. The input is expected to be in form
40614: This function checks the validity of input parameters and returns true or false based on these conditions; otherwise it will return an error message with specific details about what
40615: This function checks if the first element of each sub list is equal to some value. If it finds one, then returns True; otherwise False –
40616: This Python script splits the input string "Message with Person" into two parts based on colon and then returns second part as name of user who sent
40617: This function checks if the username is at least 5 characters long. It returns True or False based on whether it's true that its input should
40618: This function returns the opposite of what it's given, i.e., ascending to descening and vice versa in an ordering system like
40619: This Python function calculates the short catheter of an isosceles right triangle. It takes two parameters - base and height which are used
40620: This Python function takes an input 'float' and returns the corresponding positive, negative or zero depending on whether it is greater than –or less.
40621: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two diagonals. The values passed to it are used as input parameters, which represent
40622: This function converts the input to its equivalent boolean value. It takes care of case insensitivity and returns true if it's either 'yes
40623: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40624: This Python function calculates the mean of two sequences using linear interpolation. The first sequence is used to calculate an average value and then it'll
40625: This Python function checks whether the input 'XML Boolean' variable, which can be either string or none. If it’s not one of two pred
40626: This line of the script creates two sets, 'act' and ‘predict’. The first step is to convert these lists into Python Sets which
40627: If the string contains ':', return it as is, else format with https and username part of github url – e..g., returns G
40628: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40629: If the first value is greater than second, it multiplies both weights by n+(number of days/ 3), otherwise multiply only with
40630: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on three parameters. The first two are constants, and third is raised to power minus twice plus
40631: This function checks whether the given string is one of several styles used to draw lines. It returns true when it finds an acceptable style, and false otherwise
40632: This function checks whether the two adjacent characters in an array of ASCII values are equal. If they're, it increments counter and returns true
40633: This function normalizes the input 'temperature' between 37.6 and  498, based on its original range of values from an
40634: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40635: This function returns the string representation of an id and description in Python.  The format is 'ID : Description'. It's used to print out
40636: A dictionary is created with the name 'fields' as keys and empty lists are assigned to them. The function then returns an instance of that same dict
40637: This function performs bitwise operations on an integer. It shifts the bits of 'int' to different positions, then masks and sums up these values
40638: This Python function raises an error when the input x isn't of type 'float'. It then converts Celsius to Fahrenhe
40639: This script iterates over the cells of an IPython notebook dictionary, skipping non-"notebooks". The index is incremented each time it
40640: This Python script calculates the distance between two points using Euclidean Distance formula and prints it out on console or returns as output if required by function
40641: This function checks if the third character of an input string is '0x'. If it's, then returns true. Otherwise false or exception occurs
40642: A dictionary to map job activities with their corresponding environments or tiers in the system – one line of Python script that returns 'Unknown' if an
40643: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the complement of that sequence. The bases are reversed compared to their original order as per DNA sequ
40644: This Python script checks whether the given 'path' is an absolute URL, and returns it as such in one line of python syntax using ternary
40645: This Python script takes an input string, replaces newline and carriage return characters with spaces to clean the data before processing it further in another part of
40646: This function cleans the input string by removing leading and trailing whitespace, then applying each filter to every new block of lines within it using an iter
40647: This function saves all objects from the given 'iterables' and returns them as an array of saved object ids or None if any error occurs during
40648: If the base ID is found as an existing key within 'nextIds', it increments its value and returns. Otherwise，it sets up with initial
40649: This Python script generates the first 'n' number of Prime numbers using an algorithm that checks if each new found Principal Number can be divided by any
40650: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers from ‘n’ to 'i' using an iterative approach. The result is stored and
40651: This Python function generates all prime numbers up to the given 'uppertum' value using an optimized method of checking primality by only iterating over
40652: This function returns the first word in an identifier string that starts with "GL_" and is followed by one or more alphanumeric characters, as
40653: This function returns the appropriate value based on an input integer. If it's in range [a,b], then its corresponding number is returned;
40654: Deletes specific header names from the dictionary of HTTP request/response Headers.  This is done to avoid signing with these unwanted or sensitive information
40655: This function adds two integers. If the inputs are either of type 'int' and non integer values will raise an error message "Less Arguments
40656: If 'm' isn’t defined, return the function; otherwise check whether it exists as key of dictionary ‘m'; and returns its value
40657: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplies them and then divides by one number. The result is returned as output from that specific
40658: This Python function finds the element with minimum absolute difference from x, and then removes it using list's pop() method which returns removed item by index
40659: This function returns the URL of an online JSON file that contains information about Python packages, based on their name inputted by user in parameter 'package'.
40660: This Python script reads through each string of the list 'paragraph' and adds it to an empty output variable, with newlines added between lines. The
40661: This program simulates an archery contest. It starts with ‘zero’ points, and increases the number of arrows by one every second until
40662: This function is used to find the previous value of an element with given 'key' from list. If no such elements exist, it returns "None
40663: If either of the two input names are not provided, return false. Else check whether both strings have same length and content; otherwise returns true/
40664: This line of the program checks whether 'value' can be an instance or not. If it’s either integer type ('isInstance') then we
40665: This Python script connects to the specified URL and returns it as output, which is then stored in 'output'.  The base of our network's
40666: This Python script retrieves default values from the 'testConfig' dictionary, then returns them as list of fixtured names if they exist otherwise it
40667: Prints the current scores of both players. The format is "<player>'now have <current score> <and><space/tab>>".
40668: This Python function takes in two parameters, an integer 'size' and the list to split into chunks of that length using slicing method with step
40669: Replaces all parentheses with double colons, removes the closing bracket and replaces periods to underscores in Python string manipulation function
40670: This Python script creates and populates an empty dictionary with the elements of list 'lst' as keys, each key mapped to value ‘in
40671: This Python function returns the intersection of two lists. It uses list comprehension to find common elements between both inputted arrays/lists and then stores them
40672: This line of Python script adds the values in 'denominator' to ‘numerators’ and then swaps them. It also assigns
40673: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the given string against some pattern and extracts two groups of digits from it if they exist in that order
40674: This function returns the field name after removing prefix. If no such suffix exists, it will simply empty string and if there is any other character in between
40675: This Python script checks whether the given 'path' is present as an identifier, and returns empty string. If it doesn’t exist then check either
40676: Prints "Hi!" and returns true. This is just an example of how the function works in Python programming language, it does not do anything useful
40677: This function checks if the input is valid credit/debit cards. It converts an integer to string and then compares its length with 1
40678: If the value is equal to −1, return "–". Otherwise just output or print out whatever it's got in 'val'. Code
40679: This Python function splits the string "s" into list of substrings using "_", then it converts each substring to lowercase and joins
40680: This Python function calculates the coordinates of four corners in pixels based on an inputted width and margins. The calculation is done by subtracting half
40681: This function takes an order amount as input and returns the rounded value of that number multiplied by ten hundred. It's used to convert dollars into
40682: This Python script creates an empty list to store the pairs of Pub/DOI with Search Term that are found within given 'mentions' data structure
40683: If no option provided then return empty string. Else check the type of input based on length or dictionary/list structure to determine which one it'
40684: This Python function checks the input `type` and its length. If it's of 'str', then check whether that text has at least
40685: This is an equation that calculates the value of 'a' in Equation A1 from given values v_prime, sigma and delta respectively which
40686: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on ':' character and returns them as separate variables or handles '/' at beginning of both
40687: A function that returns the name of an installed Python package.  The returned object is in JSON format and includes "package" as key with value being
40688: This Python script returns the keys of dictionary where 'B' and/or ‘BH’ is present. The resultant list will contain all those
40689: Code is returning True. It's checking if the given string contains only digits and returns False otherwise, indicating that it doesn’t contain any
40690: This function merges two dictionaries. It takes as input the names of parameters and their corresponding arguments or keyworded values from another dictionary to merge into
40691: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with keys from the given 'case entities' based on their values. The function then returns that
40692: This Python function checks whether two sequences are equal, disregarding the order of elements. If not all values in both lists/sequences match exactly
40693: This line of the given C++ function returns an integer type. The value is calculated by shifting left one bit and then subtracting from maximum possible int
40694: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then checks if its value is either 'True' or ‘False
40695: If the length of 'polynomial' is zero it returns "zero". Otherwise return evaluation with polynomial degree one less and multiplied by current coefficient
40696: This script checks if the bucket policy of an AWS s ́Buckets is using Server Side EncryptioN. If it'is
40697: This line of the program creates an image filename using specific formatting. The variables in parentheses are used to fill out these placeholders with data
40698: This Python function takes an array of tuples representing images and returns the coordinates(top left corner & size/dimensions )of one with maximum
40699: Returns true if the bit at position 'place' in binary representation of val is set.  Otherwise, returns false or undefined behavior depending on context and
40700: This Python script merges two dataframes. The first and second arguments are the input files to be merged; it returns one single DataFrame containing all
40701: This Python function copies the values from one dictionary to another and adds them up if keys are present; otherwise it just assigns new key/value pairs
40702: If the difference between 'dt' and time constant is greater than ‘tau’, return new dataset. Otherwise calculate value of K as "DT
40703: This Python script calculates the value of an expression based on four variables, and returns it as output in one line using mathematical notation with parentheses
40704: This function splits the given URL into two parts based on whether it contains ':' or '/'. If not present then returns original url and its length
40705: This function returns the number of common elements in two strings. It uses builtin R functions to find intersection and then counts them using 'length' method
40706: If the number of uncoverable lines is less than or equal to five then return .38 else it returns maximum between current coverage and unco
40707: This function checks the status of jobs and returns false when it finds any one among 'Finished', ‘Failed’, or `'Cancell
40708: This Python script is used to find the first profile tag of devices that meet certain criteria. If no such condition exists, it returns 'None'. Otherwise
40709: If no parameters given return default message else process input from user and generate output string with prepended information about what's being asked in case of
40710: This function calculates the square of error in percentage. It takes two parameters, 'sl' and ‘error’ which represent slope limit(SL
40711: This function calculates the average of all elements in rt list and rounds it to four decimal places. If there are no items, then returns None
40712: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40713: This Python script prints out the statement "Settings like showGraphWidth have been deprecated and are being replaced with other settings." followed by an exit command
40714: This line of the Python function checks if two points in 3D space have same coordinates. It does so by comparing their first elements, which are
40715: This Python function generates unique usernames by appending numbers to the end of an input string until it finds one that hasn't been used before
40716: This function takes an input 'X' and returns the reverse of it. If X isn’t actually List or empty then return as given else convert
40717: This function removes the namespace from an XML string, based on whether it contains '}' or ':'. If both are found in sequence then only one is
40718: This Python function generates an English or German translation of the 'messages' list based on language inputted by user, and returns it as one line string
40719: This function converts the given value to its equivalent in decimal form, but with values ranging from [3] and [-7], where '&'
40720: This Python function checks whether the 'None' value exists in either of two variables. If it does not exist then assigns an empty string to both
40721: This function replaces all special characters in the input string with hyphens.  It's used to clean up filenames and other strings that
40722: This Python script splits the path of result files into two parts based on '_'. It then extracts keys and runs from these paths to generate final
40723: This Python function takes an input list of tuples and returns two lists by unzipping the given tuple pairs into separate output arrays/lists '
40724: Checks if TRAVI's tag exists, else checks length of 'RUNNAME', and returns true only when RUN NAME has no special
40725: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40726: This Python script replaces the placeholders %[UR] and [FR], with actual file names or URLs based on whether they are present as
40727: This function calculates the value of 'f' based on some conditions. If length('t') is greater than 0, it assigns second
40728: This script is used to extract emails from the given dictionary of data, if they are either mother or father email addresses; otherwise it returns an empty list
40729: This script generates the list of all textual content from an array, joined by pipe characters. The result is then printed to stdout or returned as
40730: This Python script generates an array of the length each element' value. It iterates over all elements within every row, and then through those individual fields
40731: This Python script is used to rearrange the headers of an HTTP Archive dictionary. The function iterates over each entry, setting "Name"
40732: This script replaces the string 'fitc' with another word or letter, and also checks to see whether it is present within any part of file
40733: This Python script generates an example number per task based on the maximum possible. The tasks are divided into 'n' parts and each part gets more or
40734: This line of the given Python script is creating an array by using list comprehension to iteratively access each element from 'labmt' and get its
40735: This Python function reverses the binary representation of an integer, then selects only num quits from it. The result is converted back to decimal and
40736: Sorts the centers of columns based on their first element and creates an empty dictionary to store beater counts; then it iterates over each center from
40737: Checks the lengths and types to ensure that all input vectors are compatible with each other. If not, it throws an appropriate message in R using "
40738: If the input 'repository ids' are not provided or empty then return an emtpy array else split them into individual elements and filter out any
40739: This function returns the values of x and y when given an input value 'wavelength'. The return is dependent on certain conditions. If wave length equals
40740: This function takes an arbitrary number of arguments and ignores any "--flag" argument that comes after it, unless the flag is preceded by another
40741: This Python script generates the ids of all categories used by annotating images. It first extracting "Category ID" from each annotation, then it
40742: This Python function finds the index of first break in list that is greater than or equal to given 'value'. If there's no such element,
40743: This function checks if the given byte array starts with “true” or "false" and also verifies whether it is either of length one,
40744: This function checks whether the string `str` ends with an equal sign. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that there
40745: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the input 'stride' dictionary and appends each value from its second key to our
40746: This Python function takes an input URL and removes the protocol, domain name or path from it using regular expressions in one line of python scripting language as
40747: This Python script filters out the keys that are not present within 'relevant\_Keys' from given dictionary and creates new one with those only, if
40748: This Python script calculates the sum of all Even FIBONACCI numbers up to given 'limit'. It uses two variables "current" and
40749: This Python function attempts to convert the input `str` object, converting it in case of success returns boolean value and if not converts error message with
40750: If the input 'Name' parameter has no value or it does not contain an at sign (@), return three values as ('', '', -). El
40751: Implemented the function to calculate the sum of all elements in an array" (Note that you can use any language, but Python is
40752: Returns whether the bit at position 'bit' in an integer is set. This operation uses binary shifting and masking to determine if that particular bitset
40753: This Python function checks whether the input `is instance of` dictionary and also verifies that there's no value assigned to 'None'. If so
40754: This function calculates the force applied on an object at distance 'Distance' from its starting point in time t using parameters of mass ('m'), initial
40755: This Python script calculates the sum of all values from 'scores' dictionary where corresponding key is present as an element within list/set named "
40756: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that sequence. If so then checks
40757: This Python function calculates the hexadecimal value of an integer. It sums up all values at each position, multiplied by their respective power
40758: This Python function takes an input list 'x' and divides each element by the total number of elements present, creating another output array where every value
40759: This Python function takes an input 'thgt' and checks whether it is less than zero, greater or equal to six point eight plus the value of
40760: This function checks if the sequence has any repeating elements and raises an exception when it finds one to prevent routing loops through network devices or routers etc..
40761: This Python function calculates the Relative Surface Area of an object given its elevation and radius, using simple mathematical formulas to calculate it based on those
40762: This program simulates the game of "Stone, Paper and Scissors" where it takes one turn at each round. The player has to
40763: This Python script is used to extract DOIs from the given dictionary of data and store them as dictionaries with their respective schemes ("DOI").
40764: This function calculates the value of two given parameters, 'limb' and an optional parameter called "impact", which determines how much to reduce
40765: This function takes either an input of type 'tuple' or string and converts it into the required format to be used with other functions/methods
40766: This function checks if the file extension of an inputted string is .OFF.  It does so by checking whether or not it ends with "/.
40767: ')) Code is used to check if the string starts with "Hello" and then followed by any number of whitespace characters, which means it
40768: If the original value isn't provided, return true. Otherwise compare with either of two values depending on whether it’s greater than/less that
40769: This line of the program returns −∞, or negative infinity in floating point arithmetic as it is an invalid operation and does not produce any
40770: This function checks if the given 'variant' is present as key value pair of dictionary, and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it exists within
40771: This Python script converts an integer to its digits and returns them as list of integers. The input is the number N, which should be converted
40772: This Python script splits the given file's path into different parts and returns an environment variable from each part of that string in order as specified by
40773: This line of the script is setting up an environment to work with HAPMAP FIVE database file, which contains information about genetic variants in humans and
40774: This Python function subtract the value of "energy" in dictionary 'data' from another key named as per exception handling. If it doesn’t
40775: If the input 'time' variable isn’t provided, it returns an empty string; otherwise，it replaces all occurrences of “
40776: This Python function calculates the length of an edge in pixels from its position on screen. The input is assumed to be given as 'output' shape
40777: This script is designed to generate a list of tiles that can be used in the game. The number and type/color combination per partition are determined by
40778: This Python function attempts to convert an input into floating point number. If the value cannot be converted, it prints out error message and returns original uncon
40779: This Python script is designed to extract instance information from an AWS EC2 API call and return it as one list item if there's only 一个
40780: This function calculates the probability of an event based on its odd'd or "unconditional" nature, given that it is inversely proportional
40781: This Python script reads EXIF data from images. It uses the 'exiflib' library to read and parse image metadata, which is then printed
40782: If the person is 70 or older, then it returns '> =<=' as output. This means that an error has occurred in
40783: This Python function calculates the sum of two lists by comparing corresponding elements from both. If they are equal it adds 3 to 'sum', otherwise
40784: This script is used to extract the model's base file extension from its filename and remove it if necessary based on whether or not they match any of
40785: The function checks whether the input value can be converted to string. If it's of type 'str', then return True; otherwise false or an
40786: This Python function calculates the result of an operation. The loop continues until 'StartCluster' is less than or equal to one hundred seventy,
40787: This Python script reads an array of lines from the standard 'input', and then modifies each one by replacing all occurrences “tab”
40788: This Python function returns the list of all positive integers that are divisable by an input number 'integer'.  The output is obtained through iteration over
40789: Counts the number of common elements between two lists.  It uses list comprehension to find and count matching items from both inputted arrays/lists
40790: This function returns the data types that can be returned by an algorithm.  It is used to validate user input and ensure compatibility with other functions or libraries
40791: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40792: A dictionary is created to store the information about each of our music conference's different "track" names and their corresponding details from 'conf'. The
40793: This Python function checks whether the input string is empty and/or contains only newline characters; If so it returns that same text as output else spl
40794: Checks if the number is palindrome. If it's, returns "true", else ->"false". 10/3
40795: This Python function calculates the accuracy of predictions by comparing actual and predicted values. It counts only those instances where both are not equal, then divides
40796: This Python function returns the third part of directory path after '/' if it exists, else None or an empty string depending on whether there is no such
40797: This Python script reads lines from an input file, splits them into individual elements using tabs as delimiters and removes any leading or trailing whites
40798: This script is used to compare two JSON objects and create an equivalent dictionary of dependencies that are present only on the second object but not found or missing from
40799: Assigns the population of 'a' to be equal with that from variable `b`. This operation is not possible in Python as it does
40800: This function calculates the maximum width of threads that are part or contain children. If no child is found it returns zero and otherwise return total number/
40801: If the number 'n' is 1, it returns False. Otherwise -> True; otherwise end of function body with an error message "Invalid
40802: This function checks if the input flag is true or 'yes' and returns True. If not, it will check whether its value equals to any of
40803: This function calculates the number of steps needed to move from one column in an arithmetic progression. The formula is derived by using mathematical properties and
40804: This Python function takes an input string s and breaks it into two character sequences of length equal to the number required by its argument 'n'. The result
40805: This Python function takes in an array of strings, 'cuttoff', as input. It then returns the first N elements from that list where each
40806: This function calculates the Relative Conditional Information. It takes two arguments, 'mutual' and	'reference'. If either of them is zero
40807: This line checks whether the variable 'None' exists in Python. If it does, then assigns to report an error message stating that no calibr
40808: If the current device size is less than or equal to threshold, return interval else multiply by an alphabetic value.  This function will
40809: This Python function checks whether the given string starts with "sshd:" and, in case it does not start directly after sshd:/ or is missing
40810: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40811: This line of Python script returns the name part from an OS path string by splitting it at each '/' and then taking last element after split operation,
40812: This Python script adds elements from the list 'c' to another string, but only if they are divisible by three. It also reverses it
40813: If any of the conditions are true it returns 'True'. Otherwise return false. This function checks whether certain parameters exist or do nothing otherwise and then finally
40814: If no mentioned user, return none; otherwise check the first part of an ID string that starts with "&lt;&#64;" followed by
40815: This Python function checks whether the string contains three consecutive newline characters, and replaces them with one; it also removes all whitespaces from both sides
40816: This function calculates the present value of an investment with constant interest rate. The formula is derived from compound annual growth, where t represents time in years
40817: This function returns True if the given string contains an "at" symbol (@). If it does, then False otherwise. (END SUMMARY
40818: This function calculates the break point and slope of an exponential curve based on its position in relation to another. The return value is then used as input
40819: This script calculates the distance between two bounding boxes in terms of their center coordinates and size, using absolute values to handle negative numbers correctly as per
40820: If the login id is present, return first part of email. Else returns 'None'. – Code explanation and purpose/functionality explained with
40821: This Python script creates an object that holds the configuration information of attributes and their types as well some additional metadata like class or not etc., which is then
40822: This Python function takes two parameters, 'round' and the decimal place to be rounded. If no decimals are given it will return an integer
40823: This Python function checks the value of 'val' against both minimum and maximum values. If it is less than or equal to "min_value",
40824: If the 'monitor tags' variable isn’t defined, return an empty dictionary; otherwise process and store each tag as key/value pair into another
40825: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on some input parameters, tfmin which represents minimum temperature
40826: This script reads all PDF files from the list and extracts text content of each pages into separate lines using Python' builtin module "PyPDf
40827: This function calculates the value of an expression. The result is three times 'n' minus two, then multiplied by itself again to get another
40828: This function calculates the average of two numbers in an array. The result is returned as tuple with one number per element from input list 'aa'
40829: This function is used to set the directory of images based on whether it's in miniva, val minus mini va etc. It also prints out
40830: This line of Python script creates an array from the nested lists found within another dictionary using list comprehension and multiple levels deep into dictionaries, resulting value
40831: A dictionary with an empty data subdict.  It's used to store workflow related information in JSON format, but currently it is not being utilized
40832: This function checks if the URL starts with "HTTP", “HTTPS" OR and also contains space character, then it returns True else return
40833: This Python function finds the index of '-' in an NS name and returns its value if it exists, else return 'None'. If there is no
40834: If the input percentage is less than 1, return 'unknown'. Otherwise convert and append '%' to it. The result will be returned as string
40835: This function checks whether the first character of an input string is "*" – it returns true only when both characters are present. If either one isn
40836: This Python function checks if the given list of string `tag`s is valid according to some rules and returns modified version as output else it will return
40837: "Removes any digit from an entered String"  Code explanation is also provided below, along side of it's output example."  ```python
40838: This function returns the opposite of its input, but only when it's greater than 128. If not then just return as is with
40839: Checks the permissions of user and determines whether they can read, write or execute files. If maximum permission level is 3 then it will allow to
40840: This function deletes the given 'default' value from dictionary. If it exists, else assigns new one to that variable and returns updated dict;
40841: This function calculates the learning rate based on how much of an increase is needed to reach or surpass some target value in terms per unit time '
40842: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns True if the lengths of both list are equal, False otherwise.  The time complexity is O((
40843: This function calculates the value of an integer polynomial using recursion. The base case is when ```'return [...]':` returns '[
40844: This function sorts the list of tuples by second element in ascending order.  It uses lambda to define an anonymous sorting method that
40845: This line of the Python script checks whether an input string is one among four predefined values. If it isn’t, then raises and handles
40846: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that filters out all elements from 'word_lst' where character at position - 1 is
40847: This line of the Python function checks if input string v is one among four possible values ("Yes, true or T with value 1"). The result
40848: This line of the Python script joins all underscores in each word with spaces, effectively converting camel case to snake cases or vice versa
40849: This script is used to get the instance id from an object that contains attributes with key 'instanceId'. If it exists, return its value; otherwise
40850: This Python script calculates the sum of two lists. It uses 'for' loops to iteratively add each element from both arrays into another variable,
40851: This function checks whether the given filename ends with any of specified extensions and returns false or true accordingly based on that condition, excluding certain types defined by
40852: This function calculates the value of y, which is calculated by multiplying 'y' with itself and adding it to its mean. The result will
40853: This Python script generates all possible permutation of the given attributes and returns them as dictionaries with their names set to values from original list/array '
40854: This Python script splits the string 'x' into an array of floats using comma as separator, and then returns that list with length equal
40855: This line of the Python function checks if 'num' is divisible by exactly one hundred. It returns True or False based on whether it meets that
40856: This function returns the string '<prefix>' concatenated with x, zfilled to 6 digits and '.jpeg'. The prefix is
40857: This function checks the input 'yes_or no', and returns corresponding boolean values. If it doesn’t recognize any of these inputs then an exception
40858: This line of the given Python script returns only second part from 'label' string after splitting it by '.', if there is no such thing, then
40859: This function returns the character at position 'index' in alphabetical order. The index is calculated by taking modulo of number with base length,
40860: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
40861: This Python function takes three arguments and returns tuples of the first two with zero as third element. The last argument is an optional parameter that defaults
40862: This Python function checks whether `bits[i] == 4 or bits[-6:] == 'xxxxx' etc. If true it returns True else
40863: This function returns the maximum or minimum of two times. If they are equal it chooses one randomly to avoid any ambiguity in comparison between them
40864: Split the string "alb/foo" into an array of strings. Keep empty values when splitting by '/'.  Return first element in resulting
40865: If the input string `str` or integer/float number isn't provided then it will return "None". Else check whether its length of
40866: This function returns the product of two numbers and their difference. The first number is multiplied by 3, while its second part gives us an extra
40867: This Python script uses list comprehension to filter out items from the 'somemainlist' that contain "pkg==". It then returns two
40868: This Python function deletes rows from the input list 'Table' if they are shorter than its maximum length. It then returns only those remaining elements of
40869: This Python function checks whether the input string has balanced braces. It uses an integer to keep track of opening and closing parentheses, with each
40870: This Python function checks whether an input is in one specific format. If it's not recognized as such then raises and error message stating that only '
40871: This function calculates the value of an evenly spaced hermenean polynomial using recursion. The base case is when `x` equals
40872: This Python function calculates the score of 'Productivity' based on time spent in different categories, with weights given to each category and scores are normalized
40873: This function calculates the average length of characters in each word from an input string, ignoring any empty strings and returning zero when there are no valid
40874: This Python script creates and initializes an empty list, then iterates over the elements of two lists simultaneously to perform elementwise multiplication on them using nested
40875: This script removes duplicates from the mentions list by checking if two consecutive elements overlap with each other within their respective start/ end points or boundaries respectively using
40876: This script is used to extract the URIs of all songs from Spotify's API response.  It uses list comprehension and dictionary key
40877: This function splits the string into parts based on spaces and then joins them together with dots to form an object path like structure using Python's split
40878: This Python function calculates the value of an inputted string. The calculation is done by adding up all digits from index '3' to '-
40879: This script splits the file name by its extension and returns it in lowercase if there is one, otherwise return an empty string or None depending on
40880: This function calculates the energy of an electron based on its mass and time. The formula is E=mc^2*t, where mc
40881: This line of the Python script checks if every element is equal to its first occurrence. If it's true then returns True else False indicating that there
40882: This function is used to find all the source files in given directory and its subdirectories using Python's glob module, which returns an iterable
40883: This Python script converts every second character in the string to uppercase and all other characters are converted into lower case, effectively reversing their cases on
40884: Fetches the information of an installed Python Package from pip's index using its name as key and returns it in dictionary format if found else return
40885: This line of the Python script checks whether or not there is an opening quote in front. If it does, then remove that character from both sides and
40886: If the value of 'api_points' is equal to '-', it returns an integer with its own number. Otherwise, does nothing and simply continues
40887: This line of the Python script calculates an angle difference between two angles, taking into account that one or both input values are wrapped around to be within
40888: This Python function returns the dictionary with keys that are present and values which aren't excluded from it using list comprehension technique alongwith 'not'.
40889: Generates the path to coverage data in GCS bucket based on version and type of inputted parameters  Code is used by other parts or functions that
40890: This Python script returns the list ['result'] which is an array of strings. The first element in 'lll's return statement, and it
40891: This line of the Python script splits tags by whitespace. It'll be useful in parsing HTML or XML files where you might have multiple
40892: This Python function generates an array of substrings from the input string with specified sizes using sliding window approach and returns it as list format."  ---
40893: This line of the script creates an index position list as unique elements, then checks if it's length is 0 or not. If yes -
40894: This function checks the type of an input and returns it based on certain conditions; otherwise raises error messages in case invalid types are provided as inputs to be
40895: This Python function returns the string obtained by removing all non ASCII characters from input.  It does so through iterating over each character of given String
40896: This JavaScript function adds three variables and returns the first two. The third variable is also returned as well but it's not assigned to any new value
40897: This Python function iterates over the 'center' list and returns all elements after current element if its '_ID', which is equal to given parameter.
40898: This line of the program calculates how much wheel velocity is needed to overcome slippage. The formula used depends on whether or not there's any
40899: If the month is January, it returns zero. Otherwise calculates and Returns day of week based on Day number in Month using modulo operation to get
40900: This line of the function returns two values. The first value is "pinstatus" and it's set to 1 if port exists in
40901: This Python function checks the divisibility of 'num' by its own size. If it is exactly divided into another number with no remainder then return
40902: This Python function returns the factors of any given input 'Number'. It checks whether or no it's instance and raises error message when noninteger provided
40903: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40904: Return JSON object with the given parameters. If any of them are not provided or invalid then set 'False' as valid and provide an error message in
40905: If keep alive value is less than 1 and greaterthan six hundred return false with an error message. Otherwise it returns true without any errors messages."
40906: Calculates the total force exerted by two bodies, considering their respective velocities and masses respectively in one line using Python programming language with no additional
40907: This Python function splits the input string by comma and returns two tuples of integers with their respective labels ' A' or ‘ B’
40908: This Python function takes an input string, splits it into its components using the dot as separator and then increments one of these two values by
40909: This line of the Python function returns two values. The first value is 'a' and it comes from index 3 in list "b". Second
40910: A dictionary that maps color numbers to their corresponding names. This is used in the function get_color() which takes an integer as input and returns its
40911: This Python script splits the given 'connection string' into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries, where keys are values from second equals
40912: This Python function takes in two lists of tuples and returns the first tuple from each list. The second return statement is not necessary as it'
40913: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40914: This Python script generates unique, non-"_" prefixed versions of the input list 'namess'. It does so by appends to an empty output
40915: This Python script checks the file name of an input NIfTI image and generates its corresponding JSON output filename based on whether it has .png, or
40916: If the user has requested to change color mode, then it will check whether or not they have specified 3 different modes. The first two are set
40917: If the input string is longer than 1023 characters, truncates it to first ten thousand letters. Else leaves as original in case
40918: This function takes an input string, checks whether it contains the character '.', and returns two integers corresponding to line number & column numbers respectively; otherwise -
40919: This line of Python script returns the string "some_string", but with an escape sequence to change its color from green. The default text is white
40920: This Python function converts each character of the input 'string' into an integer and returns it as list "OUT".  The output is created by
40921: This function takes two lists as input and returns the sum of all elements in both list. The 'reduce' method is used to apply an operation
40922: This function checks the type of input and returns it as list. If not in any known types then return original value itself which will be converted to List
40923: This is an implementation of the function f(x, y), where 'f' can be any arbitrary real number operation and both inputs are nonnegative
40924: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on two given parameters, which is essentially related to some physical process or formula in physics and engineering
40925: This function calculates the values of 'q' and other variables based on some input parameters. The calculation is done in such way that it maximizes
40926: This line of the Python script is subtracting two elements from an array. The first element in each list 'x' and second one on same index
40927: This function checks the collision between two objects. If one object is inside another in terms of their coordinates or dimensions then it returns True else False –
40928: This function takes in one parameter, text. It returns the same as input but with HTML tags added to make it blue and bolded by default if
40929: This function calculates an interpolated value between two given parameters, θ₁ and φ₂. The difference in parameter values is used
40930: This function splits the input string 'key' into two or three parts based on ":" character and returns second/third part if available, else
40931: This Python function splits the input string 'name' into two parts using ':'. If there are more than one colon in ":'", it will
40932: This Python function finds the first occurrence of '@@' and returns everything after it, if not present then raises an error with message indicating no such character
40933: This Python function checks whether the input 'key' can be converted to an integer. If it cannot convert into one then returns key as its original value
40934: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
40935: This line of the given Python script returns an access key from 'authResponse' dictionary. The service catalog is one part that contains all available services in
40936: If the length of 'slit' is 3, return it as given. Otherwise append zeros to make its size equal with three and then
40937: This function scales the given 3D point by multiplying its components with 'scale factor'. The result is returned as two separate values. It'
40938: This Python function checks whether the year is leap. It returns true when it's divisible by both four hundredths(i,e., every
40939: This function takes as input an HTTP request's headers tuple with the format ("Authorization", 'Basic QWERTYUIOPASDFGH
40940: This program calculates the Fibonacci sequence. It uses three variables to keep track of previous, current and temporary values in each iteration which
40941: This Python function attempts to convert the input into an integer if it's possible and returns that value as floating point number otherwise return 'None'. If
40942: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'split' function of each item found within list. The keys are extracted
40943: This Python function converts RGB values to grayscale by subtracting the value of each color channel from its maximum possible intensity, then dividing it
40944: This Python function calculates the annualized yield of an investor's money. It takes as input parameters - 'capital', which is how
40945: This Python script is an infinite loop that keeps incrementing the input 'num' until it finds its largest factor. It does so by checking each integer
40946: This function returns the concatenated string of three parts, separated by underscores. The first part starts with 'I', followed immediately after that are
40947: This function checks whether the argument and/or its associated variable is zero, returning either that number itself in both cases. If they are not equal but
40948: This function checks whether the given metadata is valid or invalid. It returns false when it encounters any of these conditions, otherwise true will be returned indicating
40949: This function returns the shortest length of any list. If input is an empty array, it will return zero as there are no elements to compare lengths
40950: This Python script uses list comprehension to find the indices of elements that are present within 's' and then maps these back into their original id.
40951: Initializes the variable 'e_hs_la' to 1, which is used in later calculations of the latent variables and their standard deviations
40952: If no specific function or method to resolve the current context, return 'default' as default name of app and namespace respectively; else check whether first character
40953: This function checks if the entire gameboard is filled with non-" - " characters. If it's not, then there are still some empty cells
40954: This Python function checks the value of 'modes' and returns one string based on it. If no input or unknown modes are given then return null
40955: If the length of 'Key Path' is ‘zero’, return dictionary. Else check whether second element exists within dictinary and recursively
40956: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression. The variable 'ed' is defined as [a, b], where "b
40957: If the input parameter 'p_iNh' does not exist, return null; otherwise multiply it by three hundred and thirty thirds point
40958: This Python function returns the number of trailing zeros in binary representation. It takes an input as string, converts it to its corresponding integer value
40959: This line of Python function returns the result when 'k' is raised to power l. It does not do anything with these values, it just calcul
40960: This Python function increments the value of 'ID' by 3 times its exponent, where each time it increases exponentially. The loop iterates
40961: This script generates the maximum length of codes from an input list, stripping any leading or trailing whitespace and splitting by commas to separate each
40962: This line of Python script returns all the non-"ignored" or "unwanted/not important"/".pyc", ".DS_Store
40963: This Python script calculates the annual return on investment based off of historical data about stock prices and market returns from various companies in different sectors, using simple
40964: This script is used to extract the package name from PyProject file and return them as list of strings if category 'main' packages are found, else
40965: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
40966: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns their sum. It checks if the lengths of both inputs are equal; otherwise it raises an Assertion
40967: This line of the given Python script converts an input string to uppercase by splitting it at each ".", and then returning that split element in index
40968: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns true when it's an odd, and false otherwise by using modulo operation to find
40969: This function deletes keys from the dictionary 'd' that are also present as values of another given set/array, "v". The result is
40970: This function returns the string 'password' with an index appended to it. The purpose of these codes is not clear, but they seem like some
40971: This Python function takes an array of points and converts them into one string. The result is separated by spaces, with no trailing space at the
40972: This function checks if the attribute name starts with an underscore. If it does not start … [TRUNCATED]... .NET Core
40973: A function that returns the response time and uptimes ratio of an API endpoint in milliseconds with decimal places as required by your application' requirements or
40974: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' using an arithmetic series formula. The result is returned as output, which
40975: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on input values. The result is returned as 'output'. It's named "calculation
40976: This Python script defines and returns the dictionary of bits. If 'bittypenames' list isn’t provided it will return an empty dict
40977: This Python function takes an input string, converts it to the first character of each word in capitalized form and returns that. It's named
40978: This function iterates over each dictionary within the list and checks if 'key' is present. If it does, returns that value from current Dictionary;
40979: If the 'if' condition in Python returns an empty string and checks whether `pbinding` equals to *:. Then it will return '- P {}
40980: This line of the given Python script replaces "{}" with corresponding values in tile array and returns modified string as output, which is an image name
40981: This Python script generates the binary representation of an integer using bitwise operations. The function takes as input two integers and returns one single output which is equivalent
40982: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then splits each input string into tokens and stores the second token as keys with corresponding first value from another key
40983: This line of the given Python script is finding an 'education' substring in another string and then shifting it to right by 6 positions from
40984: This Python function checks whether the first element in each list/tuple or numpy array 'a', ‘b’ & their corresponding elements are
40985: This function calculates the volume of an ellispoid with maximum radius 'ell' and returns it. The formula used is V = 4/
40986: This program creates an array of booleans representing binary representation. It works by repeatedly taking the remainder when divided into two and pushing it to our result
40987: This line of the Python function checks if an op_code is in binary format and returns True or False. It does so by checking whether 'bit
40988: If the fractional seconds part of an integer is less than or equal to its decimal component, return zero. Otherwise calculate and store in 'subsecond
40989: This Python function generates the FIBONACCI series up to 'n' terms and returns it as list of numbers using dynamic programming approach with O
40990: This Python script calculates the length of longest string from given list.  It uses builtin function 'len' to get each element and then comp
40991: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
40992: This Python function checks whether the input 'Table' variable exists and it also validates that its value should only contain letters numbers with underscores (_
40993: This Python function calculates the maximum product of consecutive digits from an integer. It takes as input two parameters 'number' and ‘range’
40994: This Python function takes in the number of miliSecond and converts it into Days.Hours Minute Second format using python' builtin functions
40995: This Python script counts the number of documents that have been published on papers. The results are stored as dictionary with keys 'Yes' or No'. Each
40996: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on its type. If it's inputted as integers or floats then simple mathematical operations
40997: This simple Python function returns true if the input is 1, and false otherwise. It's useful in conditional statements or loops to quickly check whether
40998: This Python function returns the value associated with an argument in dictionary based on its key and if it doesn't exist then return 'Nothing'.  The
40999: This line of the Python script removes leading and trailing characters that are not part or "message digest" in MD5 hash, then replaces '
41000: This Python function calculates the new Learning Rate based on an initial value of 'minLR' and adjusts it according to some formula derived from its
41001: This function takes an array of integers as input and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient
41002: Removes the first/last quotes from string if it'd be more than 4 characters long, else leaves as is; returns stripped version
41003: This script is used to create and manage databases. It takes the database's details as input, creates it if not already present or updates its information
41004: Checks whether the first and third characters of an array are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise - True  Code:
41005: This Python function calculates the spacing between each cell on an edge of your game's grid. The size parameter is used to determine how many
41006: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to multiplying 'df_lo' by ‘(1/
41007: If the 'verifiedMode' object does not exist or its expiry date has been set to be explicit, return false; otherwise true depending on
41008: This function replaces the word 'O' with an empty string and removes all occurrences of substring ‘OO’ from given inputted
41009: This line of Python script returns the same result as ' '. join() function, but in one single statement instead using split and then joining with space character
41010: This function calculates the area of trapezoid using given perimeters and heights. The formula used is A = ((p1 + p
41011: If the repository's 'Language', an optional field, has been set. Return its value; otherwise return another default string ("Without Language").
41012: This function returns the number of digitis in binary representation. It uses builtin Python functions to convert integer into its corresponding Binary and then calculates
41013: If the input is more than one coordinate, it prints out filtered coordinates and their original count. Then removes duplicates from these points by converting them to
41014: This is an implementation of the KnapSACK problem using recursion. It checks whether we can use all items in our list to fill up given
41015: Returns the first element of tuple.  This is useful when you want to get some data from your function but don't need all elements in case
41016: This function calculates the saturation value of water based on given parameters and assumptions about its composition in relation to air or other substances using an empirical relationship
41017: This Python function calculates the minimum between two numbers and then uses it to calculate either one of three possible results. If 'k' is zero or
41018: This Python function generates an expression string from the list of attributes. If there are no attribute, it returns empty strings; otherwise creates and append each one
41019: This function calculates the result of an equation based on two variables, 'a' and ‘b’. The output is x value multiplied
41020: This Python function takes an absolute or relative URL as input and returns the base part of it, ie., everything after '//', which is usually
41021: If the variable 'value' exists, return its current source IP. Otherwise it returns whatever was passed in as an argument to function or defaulted by
41022: If the input string is empty it returns 1 and an array of strings. Otherwise -> Return value depends on what happens in case statement below;
41023: This Python function converts an input list of integers into another format where each integer is either “one” or "zero" depending on whether it
41024: This Python function splits the input string by commas and returns it as list of lists, where each sublist contains one item from original comma separated
41025: This Python function calculates the value of 'y' based on input parameters x, and two points defined by coordinates in 3D space. The
41026: This function checks the current position in an array of strings, looking ahead to see whether it's at 'if', followed by another string that contains
41027: This Python script splits the last part of an URL and then further divides it into its components, returning only one component from each split section in
41028: This line of the given Python script calculates an integer value by dividing 'coord' variable with another one called "spatialRes" and
41029: Returns the system configuration as dictionary with metadata and calibration software version in it – Meta instrument name is 'System', ref type of config file -
41030: If the tensor is one dimensional and has only 0 or more than just two elements. It returns an array of numbers from start to end with step
41031: This function takes an integer and returns the result of shifting 30 bits to left in binary representation. The number is taken as input, then it
41032: Code is creating an object with nested objects and returning it.  The 'return' statement seems to be incomplete as the last line of function does not
41033: If the first character of 'str' is ".", then remove it and return resultant str.  This function will be used to handle strings that
41034: This line of the program checks if any part(s), either directly in 'cell' variable, is outbound from its defined size. If it
41035: This function divides the input sequence into chunks of size 'n' and returns them as lists. If there is no element left to be divided
41036: This function calculates the difference between two values, subtracts one from it and then adds another. The result is returned as output of that particular
41037: This line of the given C++ program is an assignment statement. It assigns 0 to variable 'x' and then subtract time step size
41038: This Python script checks the command line argument and returns only what's after "/" in case it exists, otherwise return an empty string or nothing depending
41039: This Python function converts string arguments to their corresponding data types, converting all strings that are not numbers or booleans into integers/floats and
41040: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
41041: This Python function checks the value of an input variable 'Integration' and assigns it to another output parameter named `ShapeKind`. The different
41042: This python script calculates the energy of an atomically enclosed system. The initial value is subtracted from another, then divided by 'n'
41043: This Python script splits the input string into individual items and checks if they contain ':' character to identify them as potential keys/values pairs from some
41044: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns as
41045: This function calculates the total of all numbers from 'low' to an inclusive limit ('upper'). If "Lower" is greater than or equal with
41046: Checks if the string '-g' is present as an option when running python script. If it does, returns True; otherwise False – g
41047: This function calculates the total weight of an object in pounds by adding to it three hundred and seventy, then multiplying that result with two one
41048: This Python function checks if the input is either 'Yes' or ‘No’ and returns true. If not, it sets `Writabl
41049: This line of the Python script is returning an integer value from router name. The function takes in string as input and returns only last two characters excluding
41050: If the object's weight is less than .3, it returns an estimate of how much energy would be required to produce that amount in Jou
41051: This function calculates the slope of an equation given two points. The formula is derived from algebra and can be used to find any point on that line
41052: This function returns one of the following results based on input parameters, with some exceptions handled by specific conditions and default values defined as per requirements; it also
41053: This line of the Python script is extracting and returning only one part from an input string, which was created by splitting on '-' character. The
41054: This Python script creates an array of four elements, where the first two are obtained from another list. The third element is calculated by subtracting one value
41055: This function calculates the average of all values in value list.  It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate and returns it as per requirement
41056: This Python function returns the string "-----", joined with each item in 'item'.  It is used to create an indented block of text.
41057: This JavaScript function returns an object with the specified properties. The 'xy' values of these are determined by user input and not hardcoded in;
41058: This function counts the number of consecutive identical elements from left to right. If it finds such an element with length equal as specified by "size" parameter
41059: This Python function checks the data types of an input and raises error when it's neither int nor floats. It also converts any numeric
41060: If the price is more than $$$$, return discount of $$%. Otherwise apply standard rate to calculate total cost with no discounts applied."
41061: Throw error when trying to create or update hyperhdr object without providing the id.  This is done by checking whether 'server_ID'
41062: This Python function uses the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. It repeatedly subtracts one number from another until they are equal and
41063: This function returns the concatenation of prefix and an integer.  The result is then converted to lowercase using str(). It's used in some
41064: This Python function takes an integer as input, extracts the two most significant bytes from it and returns them in string format. The first byte is considered
41065: This function checks if the given string is one of several known Linux distributions. It returns True or False based on whether it's found among those provided
41066: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
41067: This function takes two parameters, prefix and tenderId. It returns the combination of these as string in format "<Prefix> - <Tendering
41068: This Python function calculates the number of columns and how many lines an nxm matrix can be divided into with no remainder using integer division in python
41069: Checks the 'recipe' dictionary to see whether there is an entry with Processor equal as specified. If found, it returns True; otherwise
41070: This Python script is used to create an object of the class 'Parameter' with given parameters.  The attributes are set as per requirement and can be
41071: This function checks if the input is an even or odd integer. It does so by checking whether 'number' modulo with two equals zero, which
41072: This piece of Python script attempts to access the "annotation", then tries accessing its nested key, which is called 'boudningpoly' and within
41073: This function calculates the ratio of debts to total assets. It's used in calculating portfolio performance metrics like Sharpe Ratio, Sort
41074: This function calculates the start position of each pixel in an image. It takes as input two parameters, 'wave' and "reference", which are
41075: This function returns the string ' C ', followed by input parameter.  It's just concatenating two strings in Python, but it does not do
41076: This Python script replaces all occurrences of keys from the dictionary with their corresponding values using .translate() method and replace().  It then returns
41077: This Python function returns the string representation of an action, year and month as well day.  The result is then printed to console using print() method
41078: Sorts the entries by name and date in descending order.  The function returns an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents one entry with "
41079: This Python function checks if the given integer is an Armstrong Number. An armstrong numeral, in its own right or combined with one'
41080: This Python script calculates the weighted average of an input list by multiplying each element with its corresponding scalar value and then summing up these products to
41081: This function checks whether the parameters are within valid range. If any of them is out, it returns false; otherwise true after checking all three inputs and
41082: This line of the program checks if an inputted number is within valid range. The function returns true or false based on whether it's in between
41083: This Python script deletes all elements from the list 'processed data' that do NOT have an attribute "Name". The index of each deleted element
41084: This Python script checks the value of 'Name' and changes it based on its current state. If Name is either equal to Alwaysland, Happy land
41085: This Python script counts the number of non-"special" characters at end or beginning, i.e., punctuation marks and slashes (".", ",
41086: If the input 'm' isn’t provided, return "None". Otherwise multiply it by three and eighty four to give an approximate value
41087: If the 'command' variable does not contain any "--" separated values, it will return an empty list; otherwise - split these into separate elements and
41088: This script is used to create an array of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents the tweet data from Twitter API response and contains keys "Drugs
41089: This function converts KELVIN to Celsius by subtracting the freezing point of water in kélivin, which is
41090: This Python function calculates the value of an expression. The input is 'X', and it returns its square times three minus twice that, where "
41091: "Returns 1st value in list"(code): Returns first element from given array/list."""   Max Accelerations = [4
41092: Checks if the function is an asynchronous one. 1/0 otherwise, based on whether it contains "asyncthunk". If
41093: This Python function returns the ARN of an IAM Role. The account ID and name are passed as parameters to generate its full form in AWS
41094: This function converts the input into its scalar equivalent based on what kind of data it contains and returns that value as output from one line only using Python
41095: This python script is used to extract the ids of all unique users who have reviewed any product from given list, it does so by iterating over
41096: This line of the given python script returns number 0f ones in binary representation. It converts integer b to its corresponding binay string, filters
41097: This line of the Python script is splitting an input string by "-" and then returning its second part in uppercase form, effectively stripping out any
41098: This Python function returns an object with the headers required to make requests in JSON format. The header includes 'content type', authorisation token and accept types
41099: This Python script converts the list of integers into their corresponding 0 and/or -96748. If an integer is either one
41100: If the input dictionary has an entry with key named change. Return Patch if it exists and no other keys exist otherwise return No Change without any changes
41101: If the condition is met, return false. Else check whether 'expected' equals to something else and then either do nothing or set it equal with
41102: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of adding 1 to it. It's simple, straightforward but effective in many situations where
41103: This Python function returns the filtered version of 'positions' where all elements are not  either zero or one in value using lambda functions with filter()
41104: This Python function returns an empty list if the input string is "zero". It does not do anything else. – [Your Name, Date].
41105: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
41106: This Python function splits the input string into date and times in 'YY/MM' format using split() method then joins them back together with .
41107: This function doubles the input number and then halves it, returning as float value rounded to two decimal places in Python language using builtin functions like
41108: If the attribute "value" exists in object `a` then return its value else do nothing and just print out what is passed to it as output
41109: Calculates the sensitivity, specificity and other metrics of an algorithm.  Metrics like accuracy are not calculated in these calculations as they would be redund
41110: This function calculates the product of two numbers and then subtracts one number from another. The result is returned as output which can be used in
41111: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41112: This function checks if the minimum value in one list is greater than or equal to maximum of two lists. If it's true, then returns True
41113: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41114: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' and then uses it to calculate an output. The input is two pairs, one with coordinates x
41115: This line of the Python function returns an input value wrapped in parentheses.  It's used to format output or debugging purposes, as
41116: This Python function returns the unique values from an input list, and sorts them.  It uses set to remove duplicates then converts it back into
41117: This Python script generates two filenames by appending '_referenced' and 'Restored'. It returns the new names as output of
41118: This Python script splits an IP address into its four octets and converts them to integers, then combines the integer values in reverse order using bit
41119: This function is used to add leading zeros in the date string. If it has less than 16 characters, then appends extra zeroes
41120: This Python script opens the file specified by "file" and writes content to it in one line using write() function of File object from builtin module
41121: If the first two bytes of an Int19 are all FF, then combine them with lower byte. Else just take one or both as
41122: This Python function counts the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise shift and addition operations, which are faster than multiplication
41123: This Python script reads JSON files from the "train\_file\" directory and extracts model names of .OBJ file types using an existing dictionary to
41124: If the pointer is not at position three, increment it by one and then give its value. Otherwise just provide zero as output from function call in Python
41125: This function calculates the cost of fuel savings in gallons per square foot by dividing Cost Per Gallon Factor Score from Safety Assessment
41126: This function calculates the result of an equation where 'A' is multiplied by some value and then added to another constant, which results in Y
41127: This function returns the URL of an OpenStreetMap tile given its zoom level, x and y coordinates in terms 0 to maxZoom respectively
41128: This script will generate a report of all branches in your Git repository, along with their respective commit hashes and last updated dates/times as well them
41129: This Python script creates an n x m matrix filled with numbers from 1 to 'n' * ... /.../m. The values are calculated
41130: This Python function tries to return the first element of an array. If there is no such index, it returns all elements in order as they are present
41131: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
41132: If the length of 'number' is 11, it adds an initial string to make its value equal with one hundred. The function then returns
41133: This function is used to count the number of characters in each line. If there are more than 10 lines and it's not possible with
41134: This function checks if the given string starts with "https".  It returns True or False accordingly based on whether it is starting from 'http://'
41135: This function checks if two instances of an object are the same. It uses Python's built in exception handling to deal with cases where attributes do not
41136: This function checks if the first character of 'text' is whitespace. If there are no characters in "Text", it returns True, else return
41137: Code is used to create a new instance of the class. It takes two parameters, an integer and another string which are then assigned as attributes in order
41138: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses Python's built in 'sum()'.   Code is simple
41139: This function calculates the linear regression line' s interception with respect to its slope.  It is used in various data analysis and machine learning applications
41140: This line of Python script returns the dictionary created by zipping two lists. The first list is `[0]` and contains indices from “
41141: This Python script splits the input string 'Snakes' into separate word, then uses lambda function to capitalize each first letter of these separated
41142: This python script creates an empty n x n grid where each cell is initially filled with the character '.'. The function returns created ‘grid’
41143: This line of the function calculates and returns how much one object's position is different from another. It then uses that difference to determine whether it
41144: This Python function calculates the minimum value in each row of an input matrix. It then sums up these values to give total cost associated with clustering algorithm
41145: If the list has only one element, return that single value. Otherwise do nothing and keep returning None or whatever is in 'return' statement of function
41146: This function takes in string and replaces underscores with spaces. Then it converts the first character of each word to an UpperCase letter using
41147: This Python script creates an empty array, then iterates over each subarray within the 'TrajecotyEdge' and appends all elements
41148: This function is used to calculate the value of 'x', which depends on whether or not each element in an array `a` has been processed.
41149: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called 'metadata' which will be used to store the data from points that have "metadata" as their keys starting
41150: This Python script generates two lists based on the input data. The first list is filled with values from 'len' of each element within an array named
41151: This Python function checks whether the given string is an auto or balance command. If it's one of these two, then returns true; otherwise false
41152: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
41153: This Python function checks the type of an object 'X' to determine its value. If X has integer values it returns their cube; otherwise return
41154: This Python function calculates the determinant of 9x9 matrix. The result is returned as an integer value, which represents one possible outcome in
41155: This Python function takes two arguments and returns the first one as an integer. The second argument is ignored in our case but could be used to name something
41156: A dictionary is created to store the tech_projects. The keys are project names and values can be any other data type like string, int or
41157: Checks if the variable 'var' has an instance of type either `class` and/or its subclasses in Python 3+; also
41158: If the object does have an attribute called id then return its value else convert it to string and returns as output of function – otherwise do nothing or
41159: This function pops out the first dictionary item that has 'pip' as one of its keys from list named `dependencie` which contains nested
41160: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41161: A function that takes an input string and returns the same output as before but with some modifications. The new modification is to add '!!!' at end
41162: This line of the given Python script checks whether `is instance` returns False, which means it's an object that isn’t actually in fact
41163: Return true if the rectangle defined by coordinates of bottom and top corners is completely inside another. Otherwise return false; 4D version with same logic but
41164: Replace all non alphanumeric and underscore characters with an underline.  This is done to clean the name before it'll be
41165: This function checks whether the given input is present as an entry of any item within our provided data structure. If it's found, returns true;
41166: If the main entity is an instance of another object, it checks whether its language attribute exists. Otherwise returns none – Code to be used as part
41167: A dictionary of different formatting options to convert between various timespan units.  The keys are the unit names, and their values represent Python's
41168: Creates an empty dictionary and populates it with terms from the list. The keys are converted to their respective values, both being transformed into lowec
41169: This script loops over the keys of an input JSON object and prints them out one by line, which is equivalent to printing each key as it iterates
41170: This function searches an object within the list and returns its position if found, else it will return '-1'. The search is case sensitive.  Code
41171: Translates the given dictionary into an equivalent string. If it doesn't find any match in its keys then returns original value of 'quantity
41172: This line of Python script creates and returns new list by multiplying each element 'X' from the inputted array/list, with an additional factor
41173: This function deletes all keys with value of 'None' from the dictionary and recursively calls itself on nested values that are also dictrionaries
41174: This line of the given Python script converts an input entitylist into its unique elements.  It does so by converting it to Set, which automatically
41175: This Python function calculates the Adjusted Random Score, which is an alternative way of calculating r^squared. It takes into account that
41176: This function returns the file name and its corresponding .txt or other extensions.  The input is expected to be in string format, with an optional parameter
41177: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, splits each string into individual dimensions and returns them all combined to form one list named 'fl
41178: This function calculates the average level of an array, which is used in calculating some statistics related to levels or ranks within data analysis and machine learning tasks
41179: This function returns the appropriate prefix based on whether or not it's an adjective.  It takes in one parameter, which is assumed to be '
41180: This Python function uses the shift and mask operations to manipulate bits of an integer. The result is then mapped back into its original form using another dictionary
41181: This line of Python script returns an HTML string that is used to create and display images. The image's source path, height/ width are set
41182: This line of the given Python function is calculating an index based on three variables. The values are being added together in different ways to create unique indices,
41183: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41184: This function checks whether the first element of list 'l' is present as an item within set/dictionary "f". If it exists, then
41185: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the dictionary keys and values to check if 'num' is present within those respective dictionaries
41186: This line of Python script calculates the dot product between two lists A and list/array. The function uses 'zip' to pair corresponding elements from
41187: This function takes in an input string, removes all commas from it and returns the resultant cleaned version of that String – without any comma characters
41188: This Python function takes an input string in the format "HH::MM" and returns its equivalent value as hours since midnight divided by 6 days from
41189: Checks the size of entropy. If it's one outlier value among {[31], [], ...} then returns True; otherwise False
41190: This Python function checks whether the input 'anything' can be considered as an instance of type "list". If it does not meet that condition then returns
41191: This Python function takes two parameters - 'data' and ‘fields’ which are dictionaries respectively; it filters the dictionary based on keys present within
41192: Create an object with the necessary properties from 'data' dictionary.  The universal and server pack download URLs are stored as keys to another Python dict
41193: This Python function checks if the string is empty. If it isn’t, then returns true; otherwise false based on whether there are any non space
41194: If the current page is less than total pages, return next pagination link else do nothing or empty dictionary in Python language based on condition checking whether "
41195: If the user has no 'Confident Score' or an override maliciousthreshhold, return false. Otherwise check whether their score
41196: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'n' is equal to zero. If it does, then returns "0". Otherwise continues with other
41197: A function that takes an iterable of tuples and returns dictionary.  It creates the keys from first tuple element as key name while values are
41198: If the 'Group' exists, then it returns its corresponding value. Else checks whether there are any tools available within that Group; when found -
41199: This function calculates the bounds of an interval based on two quartiles and returns whether or not 'x' is within that range, using one line
41200: This line of the Python script splits an input string by '/' and returns only its last part, which is typically used to get file name from
41201: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with data from the given 'text' file using split function to separate each record into its
41202: This piece of Python script checks if the given 'Board' is either full or not. If it has only one unique value, then returns true
41203: This function checks whether the input number is even or not. If it's an odd, then returns False; otherwise True – Python Code Sn
41204: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary python dictionaries and returns another one with the same structure but keys are formatted differently to avoid overwriting existing ones
41205: If the 'agent' is not set, it will simply be returned as its UUID. – [Your Name] on date/time format"
41206: A list of different types that can be used to group items.  Items are categorized into these various categories based on their type or nature within
41207: This function returns the appropriate JWT signing algorithm based on whether or not it's an RS(RSA)/PSO/SHA1
41208: This line of Python script returns the flattened version/combined result from an iterable object 'list'. The function uses * to unpack elements
41209: This function applies the given 'crypto' dictionary to each element of an input list. The result is another one with elements transformed by applying provided keys
41210: This Python function finds the index of first unmatched opening bracket in string `s`. If there is no such an element, it raises
41211: This JavaScript function is used to generate an object with properties based on the given attributes. The model attribute specifies that we are using 'instanceId' and
41212: If either of the two values is equal to –1, return that value. Otherwise add them together and then returned result from function."
41213: If the variable 'error' equals to five, it will print "Lost!" and then prints out what was in `real world`. Otherwise
41214: This Python function calculates the coordinates of vertices in an octagon. The number 'symmetry' determines how many times to repeat operations on each side
41215: A function that takes in dictionary and returns the value of an inputted dimension. If it doesn'ts exist then default to 'key'.  Code
41216: This line of the given RGB hex color is being converted to grayscale. The formula used here involves bitwise operations and shifting, which are common
41217: Split the user's eMail into two parts based on space. 1st part is used to identify which type of account they are using
41218: This line of the Python script calculates and returns difference between "Exit Index" & “Entry index”. It's used to calculate distance
41219: This Python function returns the first missing positive integer from 0 to 'len' of an array. The input is assumed as nonnegative integers and less
41220: This script generates the list of variables to be used as input features when training an ML model, excluding 'model' variable which is always included by
41221: Returns the coordinates of two points in space, which are both at origin and have zero distance from each other on an axis scale with unit length using E
41222: Checks whether the variable var belongs to class 'Symbol' or not. ...[truncated]…..return bool_val
41223: Creates an empty dictionary, then retrieving values from the "spc" dictionaries and assigns them to keys in 'trans' dict if
41224: This Python function takes in the dictionary "registry", and returns two boolean values based on whether or not certain bits are set. The first value is
41225: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, it simply returns what was passed in; otherwise，it converts all lowercase characters to upper
41226: This Python function retrieves data objects from Google Drive and returns them in the form of dictionary with next page token if available, else it will return an
41227: This function calculates the length of vector using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result, which is square rooted to get magnitude or
41228: This piece of Python script calculates the average value based on three variables and returns it as well with an additional check to ensure that its result is not
41229: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41230: This function calculates the number of frames per second by taking into account frame rate, time in milliseconds and converting it to seconds. The result
41231: Throws an error when the input parameters are out of range.  The inputs should all fall within [min_val[i], max_vals
41232: This program converts numbers to their corresponding English equivalents using dictionaries and regular expressions  Tasks/Goals of the Program are as follows -
41233: This line of Python script is creating an array by multiplying corresponding elements from two lists. The first list's element multiplied with the second one
41234: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using list comprehension and builtin functions like sum() or map(). The result is then
41235: This Python function checks the type of 'byt' and performs different actions based on its types. If it receives either integer ('int') nor floating
41236: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of multiplying it by fourty two. The name "return" is not necessary in Python
41237: ", 10)) + "code"::string()   // Code to generate the one line summaries. This is just an example and may
41238: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is sqrt(((Xdist^Pow
41239: If the 'Labels.get_labels()[0]['name'] == ''', return string representation of none, else returns double quoted name
41240: This Julia function calculates the values of two variables 'x' and their derivatives. The first variable is calculated as "(3/4)*y
41241: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41242: If the key 'namespace' is present and its value isn’t empty, then append it to namespace. Otherwise do nothing; otherwise print an error
41243: If either of the ranges are unbounded in one dimension then return True. Else check whether range ‘range’ is within another 'other'
41244: This Python function calculates the annual interest on an initial amount. The formula is simple, it takes into account that one year has exactly twelve months and
41245: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41246: Converts the given number of Hours into Days and Remaining Seconds.   Code snippet is simple but effective in solving problem at
41247: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the elements of matrix column by columns and rows from top to bottom order using nested loops structure
41248: This function returns the full name of an object in Python. It concatenates three strings together and then uses double dot operator to split them into two parts
41249: This Python function creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the given parameters. The time, environment variables are added to their respective lists in 'dict
41250: This Python function generates an array of uniformly distributed numbers between the specified lower and upper bounds. The distribution is determined by dividing one bin into 'b
41251: This function calculates the present value of an investment, given its future Value(fv), interest rate and time period.  It's used
41252: This Python function calculates the derivative of two variables 'y' with respect to time using Euler method. The derivatives are calculated based on three parameters
41253: This script splits the string into lines, skips over any starting with specific strings and then concatenates all remaining non empty/non whitespace characters
41254: This function calculates the factorial of 'i' and multiplies it with another number, then divides both numbers by each other. The result
41255: This Python function splits the input string into individual lowercase letters, then joins them together with an '.' character and appends '.rest' to
41256: If the parameter 'param' contains key named style, return its value. Else check whether it is an input with type path/ header and returns
41257: Generates the file name based on parameters num docs, op type and input types.  The output is in parquets format with prefix '
41258: This line of the given Python script is returning value from "row" dictionary. The key to access it's values in python dictionaries are done
41259: If the configuration contains 'Hub', then assign it to ```'HUB'. Else do nothing. Similarly check whether its present or absent with
41260: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
41261: If the temperature is positive, it returns its value; otherwise if type id equals to four then set as max temp else default maximum of two types in
41262: This function checks the first element of an array that exceeds some threshold. If such exists, it returns its index; otherwise - return zero and end execution
41263: This line of the Python script joins all elements in '::' separated list.  It is used to convert vocabulary into string with each word on
41264: This script starts distributed training using PyTorch's Distribute package on multiple nodes with the specified number of trainer processes per node, and communic
41265: This function checks whether the given integer is an Armstrong Number or not. An armstong numeral, also known as narcissistic numer
41266: If the input 'wart' isn’t defined or it doesn‘ts have an integer/float value then return none; otherwise calculate and returns double
41267: This function calculates the number of times an observation value is exceeded by more than 9 out from its distribution. It then returns that count divided
41268: This function splits the string by hyphen and then joins them back together with spaces in between, effectively converting all dashes to space characters if they
41269: Code: This python script calculates the height of an object based on its initial position, velocity in one direction or another; if it collides with
41270: This function subscribes to the specified event.  It checks if message type is 'msg' with value equal as subscription, then it returns True otherwise
41271: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase, splits it into individual terms using underscores as delimiters and then capitalizes
41272: This function keeps the first element of each tuple in an iterable object. If 'combination' is set to false, it will return all elements
41273: This function checks the type of document based on its content. It returns 'doc' as is when it doesn’s match any known types, otherwise
41274: If the password field in an object of class PasswordManager, it raises and handles exceptions when trying to set or get its values.  It also
41275: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
41276: This function checks whether the string `s` ends with certain "prefix" and, in case it does end up being true by checking its ending part
41277: This Python function converts an angle from decimal to degree and minute format. It takes in the value of 'angle' as input which is assumed be
41278: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
41279: This function returns zero, when the input is equal to 'x', it will return one and in case of less than or greater then '-1'.
41280: This Python script splits the URL into its components and checks if it ends with one of several common file extensions, such as .PNG,.J
41281: This Python function calculates the average of five numbers. The inputs are four real number variables and one is an extra variable that represents "epsilon". It
41282: This Python script filters out files that contain the string '_rv' and returns only one of them. If no such filename is found, it will return
41283: If the input dictionary 'dict' does not exist or it doesn’t contain any key value pair then return null else convert all values to respective units
41284: If the variable 'pageSize' is present, return its value and other two variables. Otherwise it should just be an empty dictionary {}.  [
41285: This function calculates the number of lines needed to write n characters in one line, given that each character takes up k bytes and there are m rows
41286: This function adds up three parameters.  It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do any error checking or type conversion to ensure the inputs
41287: This Python script reads the first 'last\_linse' number of line from file. It does so by iterating over each row up to that
41288: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
41289: This Python function copies the input dictionary and replaces specific keys with new values based on certain conditions or rules defined by you within it using conditional statements like
41290: If the input 'X' type of object matches with tuples or lists then return X as it already contains nested data structure else process further based
41291: This line of the program creates an object named 'fs' that contains all unique indices from 0 to n. The function is then used on each
41292: This Python function checks whether the string contains no whitespace characters. If it does, then returns False; otherwise True is returned indicating that there are non
41293: This Python function calculates the initial values of variables and performs some calculations. The first variable is set to 'XF' from another data source;
41294: This function takes two parameters and returns the smaller of those values. If they are equal or not greater than each other it will return that value as is
41295: If the coordinates of one rectangle are within another. 0 if not; else True/False based on whether it's entirely to its own side
41296: This function is used to find the Id of an existing Fabric by its Name. If no such Fabric exists it returns two values as 'None
41297: This Python function calculates the scaling factor and squared scaled variable. It's used in data preprocessing to normalize or standardization of variables
41298: If the coordinates are out of bounds in x or y direction. Raise an error with appropriate message else return summation result as per given formula "
41299: This Python script sends an HTTP request to HumIO with the provided token. The response is then parsed and returned in JSON format as output of function execution
41300: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' with two attributes, name and age. It also includes methods like get_
41301: This Python script calculates the average of all values present within 'dataPoints' list. The result is then returned as an output from function call,
41302: This function returns the difficulty level of an object. The three options are facile, normal and hard(difficult).  It's used to determine
41303: This Python script reverses the order of all line elements in an input string, 'grid', and returns it as one single outputted String with each
41304: If there are no overlaps, return the proportion of total count to zero; otherwise calculate and returns an average value between these two values over all lines
41305: This line of the given Python function returns an empty string with specified number 'indent' spaces. It is used to create whitespace in python programming language
41306: This function normalizes the input x by subtracting its mean and dividing it with standard deviation. It is used to scale or standarize data
41307: This Python function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It uses recursion to calculate ggd
41308: This function reverses the string. If input is an empty strin, it returns that same value as output; otherwise return reverse of all characters in
41309: This line of the given C++ program is performing an operation that checks if either 3rd bit in binary representation equals to one or zero. The
41310: This Python function returns the service, organization and team details from given permissions dictionary.  The "return" statement is used to output or send back data
41311: This function returns the first occurrence of each character in 'input' as key and its count. If no match is found it will return an error message
41312: This line of the given Python script is assigning two variables 'xx' and ‘uu’. The first element in array "ux" will
41313: This Python script replaces the string 'pyhton' in requirements section of YAML file with just python and also handles exceptions if any error
41314: This Python function returns the XML representation of an object as per given parameters. The returned string is in format <CYLINDER_LENGTH
41315: This Python function takes an input value and returns it as list. If the given argument 'None' or non iterable object like string etc., then
41316: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41317: If the number is 1, return "Singular" or else it returns plural form of word. This function takes two parameters - 'num'
41318: This function returns the value from an input list that matches with given 'key' at index 3. If no such element is found, it will
41319: If the run number of 'a' is greater than that in dictionary object, return "1". Else check whether it matches with another key.
41320: This Python function checks whether the given 'incoming' dictionary contains certain keys that are marked as composites and returns them along with their corresponding values from
41321: This line of the script is extracting three pieces from each dictionary in 'row' and storing them into variables named "lemma", “example"
41322: If the 'config' dictionary doesnt have an entry with key=“link”, return empty string. Otherwise generate and join all links as formatted
41323: This function calculates the sum of two headers and subtracts one from another. The result is then returned by calling it with three parameters, '
41324: This Python function returns the appropriate action based on its input. It checks whether 'state' is present, absent or update and performs an operation accordingly
41325: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each sentence 'sent' and appends the second token of every word to our new "
41326: This Python function takes as input an object 'd' and returns the dictionary with keys converted to lowercase values are not changed or returned if they already
41327: If the number of runs is less than or equal to zero, return one. Otherwise calculate and then square root it's reciprocal value which
41328: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41329: This Python function is used to get the file extension and appends it with another string, if there're any characters after that in its name then
41330: If the given address is 'None', then it returns an empty string. Otherwise, converts lowercase and appends to result with "_".
41331: This line of the Python script returns all unique keys from an input dictionary. The set() function is used to remove any duplicate values, and then we
41332: This Python function tries to return the specified fields from an input dictionary. If these keys are not found, it returns 'None'. The returned object is
41333: This Python function checks if the difference between two lists of numbers, 'delta' and their corresponding indices are strictly positive. If it finds any such pair
41334: If the input 'dict' parameter does not exist, it will return default values; otherwise returns combined dictionaries with both types of keys and their corresponding
41335: This script calculates the velocity components of an object moving in 7D space using Euler's method and the acceleration due to gravity is neglected
41336: If the 'error' dictionary doesnt exist, return false; otherwise check all values of that dict and see whether there are non null or nonex
41337: Code Summary -> Skip the execution of following block in case it's an instance object that doesn’t have attribute 'name'. If so
41338: This script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with the values from another nested structure. The outer loop iterates over each parameter set
41339: This line of Python script generates and returns “d” tuples. Each tuple contains two elements "b" from the list 'c'
41340: This Python script is fetching data from the GitHub API and returning labels of repository. It also checks if there are more pages to fetch in case
41341: This function takes two parameters, an input list and the elements that need be found. It returns how many times each element from 'toFind' is
41342: A simple Python print statement with an argument.  It's not very useful, but it does the job."""   Explanation of what is
41343: This Python script prints "hello,world!" and then exits with status ‘exit\_status’ of zero. It also clears the console
41344: This function takes an integer level as input and returns the corresponding header string from dictionary. If no such key exists in Dictionary it will throw KeyError exception
41345: This Python function takes as input an array of tuples, where each element can be either integer or another pair/tuple containing two integers;
41346: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41347: This function returns the string UCX_ followed by name and idx. The index is padded with zeros to ensure it's always two
41348: This Python function returns the atomic number of an atom symbol based on its name in uppercase letters using dictionary mapping to find out what value is associated with
41349: This Python function checks if the given string is in valid format of variable names according to regular expression pattern "r'Name can contain letters and undersco
41350: This function checks if the first element of two tuples is greater than or equal to its corresponding elements in another tuple. It also does so with
41351: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the transpose or reversed version. If no argument is provided it will return empty
41352: This Python function checks whether the input `is an integer`. If it’s ‘True/False', then returns that as boolean; else
41353: If the given string is empty, return it. Else check whether last character of provided filepath ends with null byte ('\X00').
41354: Returns True if the length of value is greater than argument, else False.  This function checks whether or not an object has more elements in it'
41355: This Python function calculates the angle of rotation and scaling based on an input 'level' which is used to determine how much we need up/down
41356: This line of the script splits an ID string into two parts using ":" as separator and then converts last part to integer type, which
41357: This function converts CELSIUS to FAHRENHEIT by multiplying the input value with 'scale_factor' and adding an
41358: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by eighty percent, which is equivalent to returning half its original value in decimal form as it'
41359: This Python function flattens an input list of lists by iterating over the outermost level and appending each object to 'flatted' one
41360: This Python function checks the value of 'bf_ty' and assigns it to buffer size based on its type. If not, then default is
41361: This function returns different values based on the value of 'num' in Python programming language, which is an input parameter to be passed into it and determines
41362: This Python script filters out empty dictionaries and nones from the input dictionary 'dict'. The filtered output will be stored as another name of variable "
41363: This script is used to change the color and borders of all instances where block name equals '*. Default *'. The new colors are set as white with
41364: This function takes in an input of 'policy' and returns three lists. The first list is the names/labels associated with each operation; second one
41365: This line of Python script splits the given string into parts using "/" as separator and then joins them back together with '.' in between each
41366: This script generates three lists, each one containing the coherency score of different annotation types from given list 'anntations'. If no such scores
41367: This function calculates the sum of squares in Python. It takes as input an array 'q' and returns its square sums, which is equivalent to
41368: This function takes an input string and checks if it ends with the specified character, then returns all characters before that point or raises error when incorrectly formatted
41369: If the variable 'dpkgselection' contains string data type and it has been split into lines using newline character '\n', then do something with each
41370: This function checks if the input string 'line' starts with an exclamation mark (!). If it does, then returns True; otherwise False based
41371: This function returns the first character of string "rot" if it is equal to letter M. If not, then None will be returned as per requirement
41372: Creates dictionary of keys from 'colordist' with values set to '-'. If the current item is equal ‘highlight’ group, it
41373: A simple Python function that calculates the product of all numbers from 0 to 'n'. The result is returned as an integer. This implementation uses
41374: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given values. The formula used is (-3/4)*A^(7./8
41375: This function checks if the given string matches with "pattern" of < dbo : WikiData + alphanumeric characters > in Python using regular
41376: This function checks whether the input variable v belongs to type 'int'. If it does then returns true else false. – [Your Name] on
41377: A simple implementation of the Levenshtein distance algorithm in Python. It uses dynamic programming to calculate and store intermediate results which are then used later on
41378: This Python function calculates the sensitivity of an object given its false positive rate(fPR). If input values are not within valid ranges or conditions specified
41379: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41380: This script creates an empty list and adds tuples to it, where the first element is 'AS' or any string of your choice representing American
41381: This Python script sorts two lists of numbers and finds the maximum difference between any pair from both list using absolute value function to handle negative values correctly as well
41382: This Python function checks whether the input 'item' can be iterated over. If it isn’t an instance of List or tuple then converts
41383: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variable 'mx' minimum value between two boxes. The calculation is done by subtracting half their
41384: This Python function calculates the difference between two angles and adjusts it to be within [-π, π] range by adding or subtracting twice
41385: This function checks if the cross product of consecutive points is positive or negative. If it's zero, then there are collinearity issues and we
41386: This function takes two lists of sentences and returns three sets. The first set is the unique word elements in all sentence pairs; second one - character level
41387: Throw an error when the input 'n' is less than zero.  This will prevent any negative numbers from being processed by our function, thus
41388: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the number 'n' less than zero, and returns '-1', otherwise it will
41389: If the first rectangle is smaller than or equal to second, then return false. Else check whether both of them are not overlapping with each other
41390: This line of the script converts milliseconds to minutes and seconds.  The function div() is used with two arguments - number in ms which
41391: If both strings are empty return zero. Otherwise count the number of dots ('.'). Return total counts as result from function "count"." Counts
41392: This line of the function calculates and returns one plus mu divided by absolute value. The result is then used to determine whether or not it's
41393: This script calculates the parameters of an amplifier circuit based on its characteristics. The input voltage is assumed to be constant, and it's multiplied
41394: This Python script calculates two equations based on the given parameters. The first equation is derived from an unknown variable 'y' and its value, while
41395: This Python script converts the given list of tuples into dictionary format. The first element is used as key and second one to be removed from
41396: This function takes an edge string and returns the first part of it, excluding its last underscore character using Python's built in join method with
41397: This Python script counts the frequency of each unique string from 'results' list and stores it into dictionary format with keys as strings & values being their respective
41398: This function checks if the parentheses in each string are balanced or not, returning True when they're both equal and False otherwise – one
41399: This function checks whether the 'coverage' argument is present. If it exists, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what was
41400: This Python script performs bitwise operations on the input x. The result is stored in variable 'z'. It uses three different shift and masking techniques
41401: This Python script creates and returns the maximum or minimum of keys from dictionary 'Counter' that have values greater than, equal to , less then K.
41402: This function checks whether the input file starts with certain prefixes. If it's an instance of 'list', then we check each element within that
41403: This Python script calculates the number of passengers on each stop. It iteratively goes through all pairs provided and adds up their difference to get final result
41404: This Python script returns the list of files in "." directory with metadata yaml extension and empty subdirectories, along their names as tuples
41405: This Python function checks whether the string 'input' is present as part of another lowercase or upper case version, and returns its last element from split
41406: This line of the script is fetching an attribute from dictionary 'd' using its key "label". The result will be stored in variable ```
41407: This Python function takes two integer inputs, 'Old' and "Act", subtracts the former from latter. If result is between [-10
41408: This function converts an integer to its negative counterpart. If the original number is positive or zero it returns that same numeric as there's
41409: This function returns the direction of movement based on an inputted value. It takes in one parameter, 'angle', and checks its sign to determine whether
41410: This Python script is used to identify the type of AWS resources from an HTTP Response headers and populate it into ```'responseData['resources']
41411: This function calculates the population count of bits in an integer. It uses bitwise operations to achieve that, and it's efficient as well because
41412: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
41413: Returns the value of "name" key in JSON object.  If it doesn't exist, returns None or an error message if there is one
41414: Checks whether the configuration object has key 'gg_filename' and checks its value to see it is one of certain file extensions. If so returns
41415: This function calculates the value of an expression that depends on two variables, 'i' and '_t', which are not defined in scope here but
41416: Generates dictionary of permissions from the instance's methods and attributes that are accessible to it without any arguments or return values but can be called with user
41417: This Python script lists all files with the .<date> format and sorts them by their date number within that file name using regular expressions to match specific
41418: A loop that iterates over the letters of an input string. For each unique character found within 'ransonote', it increments its count by
41419: This Python function returns the number of digits in an integer. If 'negative' is passed, it will return how many are there after taking absolute
41420: This line of the Python script checks whether `X` variable's data structure or its actual value/data itself are strings and lists respectively using '
41421: This Python script generates the prime factorization of an integer by iterating over all elements from ‘pricesyset’ and checking if they are div
41422: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41423: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
41424: If the input 'None' or empty string, return it as such. Else strip leading and trailing spaces from both sides of given text/
41425: This Python script creates and returns the result of dividing each element from two lists by one another, creating an empty new array called 'List Result'.
41426: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 4D space. The distances are calculated by taking absolute differences of each corresponding coordinate
41427: This Python function performs bitwise right shift operation on the input number and then applies an XOR with another polynomial. If 'P' is not zero
41428: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41429: If the list of files is less than 2 items return it as such; otherwise create an empty collection to hold directories that are being filled with new
41430: This function takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of that number without any commons in it, using Python's builtin replace method
41431: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
41432: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41433: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
41434: This line of the Python script replaces all instances in string 's' where & is an HTML entity with its corresponding character, replacing it by just
41435: This function checks whether the input 'doY', which should be an integer between 1 and n inclusive on both ends of its range; otherwise it
41436: This Python function calculates and returns two values based on input parameters. The first value is calculated as "Head count" divided by sum of both head
41437: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41438: This Python function checks if the given input is properly matched with brackets, ie., it returns True when all opening and closing types of parenthes
41439: This Python function checks whether the given dictionary has both keys 'loadbalancername' and ‘dnsname’. If it does, then
41440: This Python script splits the URL into its components and then extracts only part of it that is after "://" in order to get just '
41441: This Python function takes an input string and returns the value of that number as per its sign. If it's positive, then return same numeric
41442: This Python script checks whether the environment variable 'GATEWAY' is set and its value matches with expected. If it doesn’t, then
41443: This line of the program calculates NDVI and DBI indices, which are used to measure vegetation health. The result is stored in an
41444: This Python function checks whether the first two characters of 'shor' are either an E ("e", case insensitive), and/nor V,
41445: If the length of 'string' is less than or equal to 0, it returns an empty String. Else if not then removes first character
41446: This Python function checks if the input string is ASCII or not by using regular expression pattern matching with unicode range of 1 to FFFD
41447: This function normalizes the size parameter in an image, which is usually used to determine how much scaling should occur on each side when resizing images with
41448: If the input "string" variable in Python, return an empty String. Else it returns original value of 'String'.  This function will be
41449: This line of the given Python script calculates how many full weeks are needed to complete one sector. It also takes into account that not all sect
41450: This function returns the integer value of ‘a’, which is formed by shifting bits in 'c' and then ORing it with another number
41451: This function returns the default geo fence name.  It is used to get resource names in case no specific one was provided by user or if it
41452: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns “(1 + t)" which is equivalent to "returning one plus time". It
41453: This line of Python script generates the name to be used when saving an image file using specific coordinates and given parameters in formatting function 'filename'. The
41454: Replaces all occurrences of 'github' with the word `gist` in text.  This function takes two parameters - input string and
41455: This script splits the input sentence into individual elements, then filters out those that start with an uppercase letter and returns all other sentences as lower case
41456: This line of the Python script checks if both elements at index 0, as well two indices from end are either "t" or/and A
41457: This function checks two strings to see whether they are equal or not. If both the string is empty, it returns zero as there's no comparison
41458: This Python script splits the input by commas and strips leading/trailing whitespace from each element, returning them as list of strings –
41459: This Python function splits the input string into individual "Words" and then returns their length average as an integer value, rounded to 1 decimal
41460: This function returns the result of an equation based on three coefficients. The coefficient 'a' is squared, and then multiplied by another variable called
41461: This script checks if the given 'name' is present as either "Force Desnibition", or not. If it exists, then returns true
41462: If the value 'val' isn’t defined, return none. Otherwise check whether it falls within specified range [lower;upper]. Return same as
41463: This Python function calculates the maximum wait duration of patients in an hospital. The calculation is based on patient count and waiting times, with each additional病人
41464: This function takes in two parameters - the delimeter and an input_string; it returns second word of split by given Delimerter from right to
41465: This Python script checks if the name of each 'block' matches either * or an empty string (* default*) then returns all elements after that point until
41466: Removes all newline characters from the lyrics string and replaces them with nothing in place using regular expressions – one line solution without any loops or
41467: This function calculates the number of milliseconds to wait before starting playback in an animation loop based on frame rate and current time since start up
41468: This function changes the protocol of URL from http to https using Python's built in string replace method, if it is not already present on that particular
41469: If the function object 'func' exists, return it. Otherwise do nothing and end execution of program with status 103 or exit(status
41470: This Python function generates an array of mentions based on the ids from given list 'users'. If any element within that sequence/list are `None
41471: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the title of Wikipedia pages from URLs, and then construct an HTTP request with that information in order return it
41472: If the 'Content' field is empty or null, it returns that value. Otherwise -> "The Content of your message" + "\n\
41473: If the object does not exist, return it. Else check whether its type or attributes contain 'UUID'. In that case change id to uuid
41474: This Python function checks the file extension of an input string, and returns one or two strings based on its type - either 'ea' with '/',
41475: This function takes two parameters, 'vs' and ‘xi’; it returns the result of multiplying these values together with an imaginary component to
41476: This script checks the type of board and returns an appropriate string based on it. It supports multiple types, including FPGA OpenOCD boards with specific
41477: This function returns the prefix with leading zeros padded to an eight character length. The number of characters in n is determined by its argument and it
41478: Sorts the array and counts how many times an element is present plus 'k' from both ends of sorted list, then returns that number as output
41479: This function takes an image size and returns the smallest dimension of that images divided by its other dimensions. The result is then scaled to fit within 6
41480: This function checks if an object's name starts with underscore (_).  It is used to avoid naming conflicts in Python, as it prevents
41481: This function checks whether an input object 'L' can be considered as empty. If it’s not of type "List", then return that value
41482: This function calculates the total length of all three parts in cm. The lengths are given as parameters to be added together and returned at last, which
41483: This line of the script is creating an array that represents each individual brightness value from all pixels within our 4x8 image matrix, calculated by applying
41484: This Python function checks the time in hours, minutes and seconds format from an input float value 'time_in'. If it'll be negative then
41485: If the function is called with 'launched' as its argument, it will return an empty dictionary. Otherwise，it returns whatever was passed in
41486: This function returns the name of an output file based on its index. The files are named as '0', ‘'+str((int)(
41487: This script calculates the total number of each type visited by structures and not visisted per area from given list with data about different districts/cities
41488: This is an implementation of the "Q Learning" algorithm, which uses discounted cumulative reward to learn optimal policy with one step ahead prediction and decay
41489: This function takes in two parameters, prompt and the variable name. If 'name' is empty it returns an error message else return string with both values
41490: This function checks if the input is one of several types. It returns True or False based on whether it matches any type listed above, otherwise false/
41491: This Python function splits the input into multiple strings or lists of string based on its type; otherwise it returns an error message stating that no action was
41492: If either the Multiplication factor is zero, return Zero. Else check which number to use as base case and then multiply it by itself
41493: This Python function calculates the number of ways to reach an amount 'Target' by using numbers from list "numbers" and stores these results into
41494: This Python script reads two lists of questions and answers from files. It then writes the contents to an output file using formatted string formatting with placeholders
41495: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41496: This Python function returns the day of week based on an integer input. If it's 0 or any other number, then return Monday as default
41497: Created dictionary with keys 'timezone', ‘Model’ and  	'StartDate' which are all strings. The values of these key pairs
41498: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
41499: This line of the given Python script is incrementing 'pos' by one, but if it reaches either end or equals to '-1', then instead
41500: This python script performs the following operations on an input number 'S'. The first operation is to shift right by one bit, which essentially doubles S
41501: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. If one number is smaller than both others it will take that as minimum value and if another larger then takes
41502: This line of the Python function checks if c_off is within range 6 to -3. The value returned by 'and' operator will be
41503: This function takes an integer as input and returns the duration in minutes or hours. If it'd take less than one minute to go there then return
41504: This function calculates the maximum of zero and minimum value between i*3.64+ j modulo operation with respect to some constraints on '
41505: This Python script is used to filter out the Cloud Object Storage instances from an input list of resources and returns them as another output, which are stored into
41506: This Python script generates all the multiple numbers up to 10, and then returns them as list of integers using modulo operation with argument 'arg
41507: This function returns the translation of an argument into English based on its value in dictionary "tranlsation". If no such key exists it will return
41508: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41509: This function converts the input string to lowercase and then uses it as an index in dictionary 'WeekDays' which maps each day of
41510: This Python function calculates the value of n choose r. The formula used is "((x + y)! / x!) * ((y + 3
41511: Generates an IAM policy ARN string.  Inputs are the name of Policy and returns it in format arn : aws ->
41512: This function calculates the slope of line between two points. The equation is derived from standard formulae used in 3D graphics and geometry, where
41513: This function returns the base name of an input file or directory, excluding any trailing slash if it exists in its full form; otherwise just
41514: Returns the title of track in JSON object.  If "file" or any other key doesn't exist, it returns None instead and throws an
41515: This line of the given C++ program multiplies an integer by 'i' and stores it in variable "result". The return value is stored back
41516: This line of the given Python script is creating two variables, "facebok id and 'FaceBook URL'". The first variable holds value from
41517: This line of the program calculates and assigns 1 to 'score' if it is greater than or equal, else -3. The result
41518: A dictionary that maps integers to tuples of four elements. The first two are the RGBA values in an integer format and lastly one is
41519: This line of the given DNA sequence is found in another one, returning True if it's present and False otherwise using Python string method find().
41520: This Python script splits the input string into three dimensions using space as delimiter and converts them to integers before returning these values back from function
41521: This Python function checks if the given parameters are present within certain lists. If all conditions hold, it returns 'True', otherwise - return "False".
41522: Attempts to convert the string into an Int. If it fails then returns default value of one; otherwise converts and retruns as int type
41523: Converts decimal number x to hexadecimal. The binary representation of the input is obtained by using Python's built in function 'binary
41524: This Python script splits the string 'input_string' into three parts using '-', and then formats them as per your requirement, returning an output
41525: A function that takes in one string and returns the same input appended with 'Hello' – e.g., if you call greet('John
41526: This function returns the result of multiplying an input number by three and one half, which is equivalent to converting it from kilometers per hour into
41527: This Python function replaces underscores with spaces, converts the string to uppercase and capitalizes its first letter if it is in lower case
41528: This Python function filters out non digit characters from the given filename and then converts it to an integer using join() method of string class in python
41529: This function converts the input number of Bytes to its equivalent in terms on gigabyte, megabite or kilobytee.
41530: A dictionary that stores the results of expensive function calls. This is useful when you want to avoid recomputing an already computed result, which
41531: This Python script reads lines from an input file, and if the current string is either 'Term' nor ‘TypeDef’ it breaks out of
41532: This script performs elementwise operations on two matrices using numpy's built in functions to add/minus and multipy the elements of these arrays respectively
41533: This Python script generates two lists by slicing the input list 't'. The first slice is from index 0 to n and includes all elements after
41534: This line of Python script splits the string 's' into individual elements based on spaces, returning them as list in one go using split().
41535: This line of the function checks if 'location' is an even number. It does so by checking whether it equals zero when divided with block size minus
41536: This line of the given Python script returns all keys from 'Simulations' dictionary that contain string value equal to substring “Blackbody”.
41537: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Kilometers using the formula of converting Celsius into kilometer, then adding
41538: This Python function converts bytes to the largest possible units. It uses an elif statement structure and checks each condition in order until it finds one that matches
41539: This Python function calculates the value of an expression using recursion. The base case is when 'if' condition returns True and it then proceeds to
41540: This Python function converts an integer to its byte representation. It takes into account the endianness of machine and returns it in big or little End
41541: This Python function calculates the average of an array. If 'n' is less than or equal to zero, it returns "Offset". Otherwise，
41542: This Python script attempts to close the connection if it exists, otherwise does nothing and returns False in case of an exception or error during closing process; also
41543: This Python script joins all the elements of an iterable into one string, with each element separated by newline character ("\r").  It then
41544: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41545: This line of the given Python script is responsible to encrypting data using Caesar Cipher. The encryption process involves shifting each character in an input string
41546: This function takes in an input of type String and returns the same output as if it had been run through `strip`. If there is no whites
41547: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer. If it fails, then returns as is; otherwise converts and return its value in one
41548: This function takes in date as string and rearranges it to the format MM/DD.  It also reverses day of month order which
41549: "Returns the Swaggger YAML file URL."  [END](START)[CODE][/COPYRIGHT]([
41550: If the 'property' object has no value, return "None". Otherwise it should simply be returned as its current state or tokenized form depending on
41551: This script is used to find all the unique cards that can be played with each of these specific sets, which are stored as 'p' and then
41552: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
41553: This function returns the "report" object. The 'return' statement is used to output or send data back from your Python script, and in our
41554: This line of the given python script is performing an arithmetic shift operation on 'bitIndex' and then applying AND operator with mask. The resultant
41555: This Python function converts all uppercase characters to lower case and vice versa within the input string 's'.  The result is then returned as
41556: This function creates and returns an SQL statement that sets the cache path of some data. The parameters are all strings; name is used to identify what type
41557: If the provided 'handle' does not exist, return "None". Otherwise try to get and display IO counters of that file using Python’s
41558: Code is an empty function that returns no value. It does not do anything useful, but it's there to satisfy the type hinting requirement of
41559: This Python function removes the first occurrence of 'if' in each string, and returns only its content after stripping leading/trailing whitespace from
41560: This Python script creates an authorisation header with the given content type and API key.  The headers are then returned as dictionary object to be used in
41561: This Python function calculates the value of gamma in an equation based on x and other parameters, which is then returned as output from that particular python method
41562: This Python function checks the data types of an input and performs different actions based on that information - it converts boolean values to their original form or lower
41563: This Python function calculates the arithmetic mean of an array. It takes as input one list, and returns its average value using simple mathematical operations on
41564: Checks whether input matrices are valid, then performs matrix multiplication on them using NumPy's built in '@'. If not all conditions met it
41565: This function calculates the energy of an object by multiplying its mass and gravity. The result is then returned as "ef" variable which can be
41566: This function checks if the number of atoms in 'reaction' equals 2. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or an error
41567: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, return "None". Otherwise convert to lower case and replace all spaces with hyphens in one line
41568: If the 'box' parameter isn’t provided or it equals to none then return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns area of rectangle defined by coordinates(
41569: This function checks whether each element of the list is either an integer, prefixed with - sign followed by another digit only; then it returns that as
41570: This function returns the server with maximum value among zookeeper servers.  It's used to determine which cluster is most suitable based on its
41571: If either the 'None' value exists as one of its parameters then it returns zero else calculates and return values based on given precisions & rec
41572: This function checks if the string contains only digits. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on whether input is NoneType
41573: This script reads the file, strips leading/trailing whitespace from each string and stores them into an array 'lines'. The list is then printed
41574: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' can be an integer greater than zero. If it does not meet these conditions then returns X itself;
41575: This function checks whether the input variable 'Metabo'is of type String and then removes square brackets from it before returning an initialised version
41576: This script reads an input file, and creates two lists of atoms that are either starting with "ATOM", which is the type we're interested
41577: Code converts RGB values to HSV and then calculates the hue based on s & v. The result is returned as an array of
41578: This function returns the appropriate tar file format based on whether or not it's dealing with .zip, b.targZ and other types of
41579: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41580: This line of the program is finding maximum values between two columns in dataframes "xx_df". The result will be stored into variables 'maxX
41581: This Python script creates an inverse DNA sequence by reversing the input and replacing each nucleotide with its corresponding complimentary base in reverse transcription using
41582: This line of Python script calculates the noise power in dB given signal to noiseless channel ratio, SNR and is based on formulae from
41583: This function returns the icon based on whether or not it's sunny, cloudy with rain and fire respectively. The conditions are as follows - If
41584: This Python script takes an array of strings as its parameter, and returns another list with the same number elements but where each element is formed by taking two
41585: If the second argument is set to one, it will add an extra string 'ev' and prefix with EV. This can be used in conjunction or
41586: This Python function calculates the average of two variables 'n' times. The result is returned as tuple ('(X', Y')').  It
41587: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and adds them up. It uses builtin functions like `zip
41588: This Python function generates an array of page numbers based on the parameters given to it and returns that list as output if necessary conditions are met; otherwise return
41589: This function checks whether the given string is palindrome or not. If it's true, then return "True", otherwise returns false and exit
41590: This Python function counts the number of unique numbers from an input list. It starts by setting 'candidates' to be negative one and then iter
41591: This function calculates the grid spacing in Cartesian coordinates. It takes as input an array of points and returns two values that represent how much each
41592: This Python function calculates the number of bits needed to store an object in bytes. It takes into account that each byte is represented by eight binary dig
41593: This Python script reshapes the input list by increasing its length to match with maximum string's width, and then it fills up remaining space using
41594: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, it will return ‘fallbaclk'. Otherwise returns its original form. This function
41595: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and another list of integers. It returns the summation result as per your requirement or else it throws error
41596: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then calculates the proportion of each key' value within 'dict'. The result is returned as another dict with
41597: This Python script is used to process text data by breaking it into sentences and then joining them back together with spaces between each sentence, creating nested lists of
41598: This Python script splits the input string into individual elements based on commas, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each element and returns them
41599: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41600: If the length of 'key' is less than eight, it will print an error message and return false to end execution in main function else returns true
41601: This Python script creates and returns the list of sums from two lists by iterating over their elements with 'for' loop, appending each sum to
41602: This line of Python script opens the file specified by filename in write mode and writes text to it using 'with' statement which automatically closes after use
41603: This line of the given Python script converts milliseconds to seconds. It does so by dividing it with one million, which is equivalent in
41604: This Python script is used to create an empty dictionary and populate it with the URLs of uploaded files. The keys are types, which can be
41605: This Python script attempts matching the regular expression pattern "\\dn{1}\\D*". If it can successfully compile and execute then returns true else false
41606: This function checks whether the given word is tagged with one of five verb forms. It returns true or false accordingly based on its presence within these tags,
41607: This Python script splits the string 'xzy' by '\n', removes leading and trailing whitespace, then returns only middle part of it
41608: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the input as is if it's not of type int or float; otherwise
41609: This line of the given Python script returns 1 if product is greater than or equal to .6, else it will output zero which indicates that there
41610: This Python function takes an input list of locations and returns four different tuples representing the possible combinations. The first two pairs are from location 0
41611: Replace all commas in the string with spaces and then join remaining space characters into one line of text using Python's builtin functions split()
41612: If the input is less than 10, it returns an empty String. Otherwise，it will convert and concatenates integer to its end with '_
41613: This script splits the input string into individual arguments, ignores empty ones and returns them as list of strings – one line version using Python'
41614: This function converts binary to integer. It takes in one parameter binNum which is the string representation of an input number and returns its equivalent decimal value
41615: This Python script generates all possible triples of positive integers that satisfy the condition given by Euclid's formula which is "a^2 -
41616: This Python script walks through the directory structure of given path and returns all file names with specified extension from that folder only using os module'walk function to
41617: This Python function calculates the entropy of an input list 'probabilities'. The result is negative because we are using log base 2 to calculate ent
41618: This function compresses the string by replacing consecutive characters with one occurrence of that character followed immediately after it. If there is only single unique char in whole
41619: If the 'path' parameter was not provided, return false. Otherwise continue with processing as normal...  [...]  
```python_code=
41620: This line of the Python script returns an array with one element. The first two elements are calculated by adding 0 to both `y` and '
41621: Implemented CRC3 in Go. The byte is passed as an argument and the result of crc calculation will be returned by function if it
41622: This function calculates the area of an isosceles trapezoid given its base and height. The formula used to calculate it involves adding
41623: If the user's input is 'A', it checks whether A followers count exceeds B. Otherwise, check to see which one has more follows and
41624: This Python script returns the flattened list by using nested loops. It iterates over each inner lists and then through every single element within those internal
41625: Read lines from file into Python script"  }}}}}}' -f "$1", $0 ) | awk '/^#/ {print
41626: This function takes in two parameters, an integer and string. It returns the sum of all elements that are greater than 0 within given dictionary keys or
41627: This function calculates the prime factorization of an integer. If 'N' is one, it returns empty list; otherwise - its own value in
41628: If the session authentication is missing, return an empty dictionary.  This helps to prevent errors when trying access data from sessions that are no longer valid or
41629: If the temperature in Celsius, convert it to Fahrenheit and return result else print "Temperature Not Available".   [Note
41630: This Python function checks the first character of `version_string` and returns different results based on whether it is "a", or not; then spl
41631: This function calculates the index of an element in array. The sum is calculated with two elements and then modulo operation applied to it, subtracting
41632: This Python function checks the status of an 'Activity' and returns either Success or Failed.  If no such Activity exists, it will return FAIL
41633: This Python function calculates the slope of an equation y = m * x + b, given two lists 'X' and ‘Y’.
41634: If the number 'n' is zero, return False. Otherwise continue to check other conditions in case 1 and/or else block of codes are
41635: This Python script is used to parse the output of an external command, removing leading/trailing whitespace from each line before processing it as part or
41636: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41637: This line of Python script returns all combinations from the list 'comps' that have an element at index 3 minus its corresponding value on another position
41638: This function calculates the ratio of two values, r and h respectively which are assumed to be inversely proportional with each other ie., one is
41639: This Python script checks if the input number 'n' has any divisors other than ‘one’ and itself which are called as composites
41640: If the file name ends with .jl or not (. Julia package), then remove last 4 characters from it else keep as is; otherwise just
41641: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. It uses looping to multiply all numbers from ‘i’ up
41642: This Python function takes as input an array of arrays mat and returns the fifth column from each subarray, resulting into one single list called 'output'.
41643: This is the formula used in image processing to calculate similarity between two images. It's based on Euclidean distance and weights are given by '(
41644: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of two boxes. The result is stored in variables 'maxX', ‘minY' respectively
41645: This Python script creates an instance of the I/O Buffer class and then uses it to write "Hello World" into two places. The first
41646: This Python function checks if the input 'volumetype' is valid. If it isn’t, an error message will raise and stop execution
41647: A function that generates an experiment id.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in the context of experiments and data analysis, such as generating random
41648: This function takes two parameters, x and y. It returns the sum of these values using Python's built in '+'.  Code is simple
41649: This function calculates the longest palin subseq in an array. It returns zero when string is empty, one or two characters long and it always
41650: If the length of transform equals ‘two’, it checks whether its second element in list 'transfom' or any other object that has
41651: If the input is negative, it throws an exception.  It's only allowed to use positive integers in other parts of program that support them as
41652: Checks whether the input variable "is_float" can be cast to an integer. If it cannot and its type isn’t string then returns
41653: This function checks if the given object is an instance of another class or not, returning True when it's and returns false otherwise – using exception
41654: This Python script calculates the value of 'Target' based on its factor and difference from another variable, then scales it back up to match that other
41655: This function returns the value of 'field' in JSON format.  It is used to check if an object contains certain fields or not, which can
41656: This Python function counts the number of consecutive ‘ones’ in binary representation. It starts counting from left to right, and stops when it encounters
41657: This function checks whether the current programming or scripting environment is Julia, Python. If it's either of these languages then returns corresponding mode from '
41658: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41659: This Python script uses list comprehension to generate the symbols of fractions. It takes as input an array 'frac' containing strings representing fractional parts
41660: Counts the number of times that two consecutive elements are equal.  The function returns zero if there is no such pair, otherwise it counts and return
41661: This Python function calculates the absolute value of an arithmetic series using two points from its input list, and then divides it by half to get
41662: This function calculates the approximate of an input number using linear interpolation method in Python, and returns it as float type data with precision up to
41663: This Python function checks whether the input `is instance` to see it's either string or list and returns an error message when necessary; otherwise return
41664: Return JSON object with count of results and creation date. The result is in English language using WOID as the place id from New York City'
41665: This Python script converts the input to lowercase and checks if it contains 'line' or not, returning raw inputs as is when they contain either
41666: This is the start of time measurement. It records when an operation starts and logs it to TMS log file with timestamp formatting using current date/
41667: If the variable 'dev' is an empty string, return false. Otherwise check whether last character of varible ‘dev’ lies between set {
41668: This function splits the input 'B' into two parts and checks if they are valid; then it converts one part to an integer or raises
41669: This Python script attempts to parse an input string into the form of "YYMMDD". If successful it returns corresponding python's `datetime` object
41670: This Python function compares two sets of answer options and returns True if they are equal, False otherwise. It uses the builtin 'set' data
41671: This line of the given Python function performs an operation that involves some form or calculation involving sigma, det and focal length. The result is then returned
41672: Checks whether the variable "var", which might be part of another module or class within Main. If it exists and has been assigned to an object
41673: This function calculates the value of an unknown variable 'y' based on another known variables x and y, which are both within certain constraints defined by
41674: This Python function calculates the frequency of notes in an octave by using mathematical equations based on note numbers and their corresponding frequencies, which are then multi
41675: Checks if the object passed as an argument exists in Python. If it's of type integer/float OR Complex number then returns True else
41676: This function returns the string 'Low' when input is “value” equals to one, and it will return high otherwise. The task was about
41677: This function calculates the ratio of visible underwater vegetation to total available water in an area, taking into account both direct sunlight and indirect light from
41678: This Python function returns the value of 'd' if it is divisible by either three or not. If true, return zero; otherwise one and
41679: This function takes in six parameters and returns the values of these variables. The names are self explanatory as they represent different aspects or characteristics that can be
41680: This Python function tries to get the creation time of file 'file_name'. If it fails because there is no such filename, then returns '-'
41681: This Python function generates two lists by adding and subtracting some small value to the elements of input list 'plot range'. The result is then returned as
41682: Enables the Datacite integration in application configuration, sets invalid username and password to prevent potential security issues with datacentric service provider API calls
41683: A function that returns the JSON object with 'JSON RPC 1' version and some data in it as well an ID of request which is passed
41684: This function checks the type of 'key' and performs different actions based on its value. If it’s an integer or string then convert to respective
41685: If the string starts with specified "Prefix", it will return all characters after that Prefix in reversed order and remove any trailing spaces at end
41686: If the condition is true, it returns 'path'. Otherwise if not then also just returning "Path".  This function will always be used to get
41687: This script reads the data from an excel file and stores it in two separate lists. The first list is used to store all rows of numbers between [
41688: This line of the Python script checks whether 'flares' is an instance or not, and then returns different values based on its class name ('
41689: This Python function returns zero when the input is 'zero', otherwise, it generates and return random number between one less than its argument's value.
41690: This function checks the input angle and returns it in its valid range. If an invalid value is entered, then appropriate error message will be returned to indicate
41691: This line of the function returns an iterable object that maps each character in string s to its corresponding ASCII integer value. It uses builtin Python
41692: This piece of Python script attempts to convert an object 'x' into datetime format using the .todatetime method but handles exceptions that may occur
41693: If the value of 'Start' is less than zero, it returns "loop size minus one" else if not then subtracts by on.
41694: This function returns an HTML list item with the given 'content'.  It's used to create <ul><LI>  elements.(END
41695: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41696: This line of Python script converts an integer to its binary representation, masks the required bit and returns it. If 'n' is not provided
41697: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns volume divided by size.  It's part one in an operation that is used to calculate
41698: This Python function checks the type of an input variable 'X'. If it's either integer or floating point number then returns that value. Else
41699: This Python function checks if two tiles are the same in their row and column. If they're not it raises an error message saying you have to
41700: This function calculates and returns how much energy is required to burn an object with given mass, which can be used as heat source or other resource like
41701: This Python function converts the given datetime object to an integer tuple. The conversion is done by extracting and converting each part of date, time separately
41702: This function takes an integer representing the number of second as input and returns it in human readable format, ie., how many hours/minutes
41703: This function takes in two lists, v and returns the result of multiplying each element by its corresponding index. The multiplication is done using list comprehension
41704: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
41705: This Python function raises an error when the length of 'result' is not equal to two. It then unpackes these values into Editable and Tot
41706: This line of the given Python script splits each string in 'groups' by ':', and then returns what is left after splitting, which will be
41707: This Python script removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string 'Text' by using strip(), splitting it into individual line strings with split("\
41708: This Python function converts the input string numbers into integers or floats. If they contain '.', it is considered as floating point number, otherwise integer
41709: This function checks whether the input is divisible by any integer from 1 to n. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false
41710: This Python script splits each input string into individual "tokens" using the split function, which breaks up text at spaces and returns them as list
41711: This line of the given Python script splits 'repo' directory path by '/', then returns last element in resulting list which is also our repository name
41712: This Python script splits the time string into hours and minute parts using ":" as separator then converts them to integer form before calculating total in
41713: This function calculates the value of one minus an exponential decay term, which is used in some typesafe concurrent programming models to simulate timeouts or
41714: This Python function calculates the value of polynomial interpolation at x. The input data is given as two lists - 'datax' and ‘
41715: This line of the script calculates and stores in 'ix' variables, which are used to determine if there is an intersection between two bounding boxes
41716: This function calculates the value of an expression using power and logarithmic functions, with some additional calculations to ensure it is within certain bounds or conditions are
41717: If the length of 'Text' is equal to or less than specified number, return it. Otherwise append spaces until its size reaches that value and then
41718: This Python function takes an IP address and returns the corresponding domain name along with its numerical representation in python programming language using find() method to locate ':'
41719: This Python function calculates the difference between two years, but it subtracts twice as much from one year. The result is then reduced by half
41720: This Python function takes in two parameters, shape and sub_template. It checks if the length of 'Shape' is  not equal to either one
41721: This Python function takes an array of tuples as input and returns the maximum length between any two nonoverlapping subarrays. If no
41722: This Python function takes as input the list of tuples 'segs' and returns another one containing lists with information about bars that are present at
41723: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns difference between "end" index value in each dictionary entry.  The result is used to calculate
41724: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer value. The calculation is based on some sample width, which in turn determines how many bits
41725: This Python function calculates the energy of an atom based on its atomic number and index, using some mathematical formulae provided in comments above it's
41726: A dictionary that maps the names of months to their corresponding numbers. This is useful in many programming tasks such as date parsing or sorting by dates
41727: This piece of Python script checks the size and increments 'blockSize' by 3 in each iteration until it finds an integer that is divisible
41728: This Python function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method on each individual character in turn until no
41729: This Python script is used to find the IDs of users who have made zero bad intentions but had nonzero normal intentations within their interactions with other
41730: Checks if the string "preceded" is present in another given boolean value.  If it's found then returns true else false or null
41731: Adds two numbers together.  Argument types are integers or floats, and the function returns an integer if both arguments can be added without overflow
41732: This python script calculates the distance between two points. The initial values of 'x' and "y" are given in variables named as such;
41733: This Python function takes an input string, converts it to lowercase and checks whether the converted form of that name is present as one element within '
41734: This line of the function returns whether or not there are more than one local link information in an object.  It's used to check if it
41735: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters x, e and b which are not shown in context here but assumed to be
41736: This python mpiexec command is used to run the source inverter on multiple processors using SeisFlow's MPI version."
41737: This line of the given C++ program is returning an integer value that represents shifting left by one bit. The number 'bit' refers to how many
41738: This script checks whether the input variable 'is instance of' string or it contains .TXT files and assigns output file name accordingly based on that
41739: This function takes two inputs - population and variable list. It then returns the result of applying one or more statistical methods to these data points based on user
41740: This Python script generates all the first N Prime numbers. It starts with “[” and ends when it reaches last number of list which was not
41741: This line of the given Python script checks if 'path', which is supposed to be an absolute file system URL, starts with either / (/root/
41742: If the last character of 'device_name', which is stored in variable "dv", isn’t an slash ('/'), append one
41743: Code is used to calculate the area of triangle using Heron's formula. The function takes three arguments - lengths in different sides and returns their respective
41744: This function returns the maximum and minimum values of two bounding boxes.  The first element is max value in y, second one - min on x
41745: Create and Return Dictionary with id as the value of 'string' type in Python 3 using dictionary comprehension or dict() function to create it .
41746: This script is used to fetch user data from the AWS API Gateway."}(END OF SUMMARY))"})'s,
41747: This function returns the schema and table name as string.  It is used in SQL queries to identify which database, tables or schemas are being referenced
41748: This Python script splits the input string into parts based on spaces, then checks each of these to see if it starts with "f:. Then adds
41749: A dictionary is created to store the coordinates. The keys are "Lat" and “Long”, while their corresponding values will be those of '
41750: This Python script adds two matrices element by elements. The first loop iterates over the rows and columns of both input arrays, while each individual value is
41751: This function converts the input string to an integer, then checks if it ends with "wh" or not. If yes - returns its value multi
41752: This Python function takes an input string and returns the first two characters as integer values of "SimBatch" along with remaining part after 4th character
41753: This function checks whether the given number is within certain limits. If it's not, then appropriate message will be printed and return false; otherwise true
41754: This line of Python script converts an integer to binary, removes the '0b' prefix and counts how many ‘ones’ are in it
41755: If the length of REGON is not 9, return false. Otherwise continue with checking other conditions in else block..   [Replace "CODE
41756: This Python function takes as input an array of lists, and returns the maximum value from each position across all these arrays. The first element is taken into
41757: This function returns the equivalent of Python's datetime.timedelta(days=367). It calculates and outputs two values that represent
41758: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41759: This Python function splits an 'input' string on the first occurrence of "==" and returns two values - one is stripped from leading/
41760: This Python function flattens an array by recursively calling itself on nested lists and appending the results to another flatened one with '+'
41761: This Python script calculates the number of downloaded pages based on current state. If 'Limit' is set to '-1', it will return true,
41762: A list of three floats representing the values in variable 'v'. The first two are approximately equal to each other and third is less than both others
41763: This python function calculates the value of an equation using five coefficients, lambda and its square as one term in each coefficient's power to create
41764: This Python script creates two empty lists 'X' and ‘Y’ then populates them with data from the input list of tuples where
41765: This Python script calculates the sum of squares from 'a' to z'. The function takes an input string, iteratively converts each character into
41766: This Python function takes an input string and returns the index of first occurrence where two consecutive characters are not equal. If no such character is found it will
41767: The two input mask arrays are not equal in size. Raises an error with details about their lengths, indicating that they're different sizes and thus
41768: This line of Python script replaces underscores with hyphens and converts the string to lowercase using built in functions provided by python's
41769: This Python function calculates the value of an interpolated cubic spline. The coefficients are calculated based on differences between points in space, and then used
41770: This Python script is used to categorize an individual's annual salary based on their compensation level in the dataset, with 'income <= $4
41771: This Python function converts the given number of 'secs' into its equivalent in terms on day/hour etc. It does so by first div
41772: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the number of digits in it. If there is only one digit, then that single value itself
41773: This Python function converts the given time difference in delta format to human readable form. It takes an integer as input and returns it formatted into '
41774: This line of the Python script is calculating and storing two variables 'X' & Y'. The first variable X stores an integer value which represents location in
41775: This function returns the ratio of one part to another based on input parameter. If "membrane geometry" is Fmm, it will return three
41776: This function returns the input stripped of any angle brackets '<' and >'.  It is used to clean up user inputs that may contain
41777: This line of the given C++ program is used to assign either 'true' or false based on whether "value" equals one. If it does
41778: This Python script checks whether the provided file name ends with '.xml'. If it doesn't end in .xml then appended to that and returns
41779: This line of the function returns an object that combines x and y. The properties from both objects are copied into it in order to create new combined result
41780: This line of Python script returns the summation result by shifting bits in four different variables. The first two shifts are performed on '(int)(double
41781: This Python function sorts the list of tuples in descending order based on third element and removes elements that are three times larger than their counterpart
41782: This Python function calculates the Fibonacci sequence up to 'limit' and returns an even number in that series. If no such term
41783: This function converts the first word of each list item to lowercase and assigns an integer value based on its content. If it' not one
41784: This function checks the DNA strand of two nucleotides and returns True when they are compatible, otherwise it will return false. The compatibility is determined
41785: Code is returning the number one. This function returns an integer value of 'one' when called, which means it has successfully completed its task and returned
41786: This line of Python script creates an array with the same length as solutions, filled by zeros. It's used to store student responses in each
41787: This Python function calculates the length of longest substring with unique characters. It uses two pointers and dictionary to keep track on which character has
41788: This Python function performs bitwise operations on an integer. It shifts the bits of 'word' to left by "left" number places, and then
41789: This script creates dictionaries to store boolean variables that represent the previous state of each variable, which is used by some models' solvers and constraints system
41790: This Python function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers. It returns three values in order which are d=
41791: This Python function converts the input string to ASCII and then back. It filters out any characters that are not in range 0 -> 1
41792: This Python script counts the number of occurrences each letter appears on two strings and compares them to see if they are equal or not using dictionary
41793: This function takes as input an array of names and returns the same list with all curly braces, tilde symbols ("") replaced by spaces to
41794: This Python function returns the string concatenation of three strings, la et oli _ c shoo. The year is converted to an integer and then
41795: This function takes in an input string, removes all the single quotes from it using Python's builtin `str` method split() with no arguments
41796: This Python script creates two lists from the given function 'f'. The first list is made up of unique elements found within that particular dictionary. Secondly
41797: This function converts underscores in the input string to hyphens.  It's used as an example of how one might use regular expressions
41798: This function takes the file path as input and returns only its base name without extension. It does so by splitting it into two parts using 'splice
41799: This Python function tries to return the 'obj' object’s id attribute, if it exists; otherwise returns its value as is in case of an
41800: This Python function checks the type of an object `arg` in order to determine what kind it should return based on its head or first argument value;
41801: This function converts input values into boolean type based on their data types and content – it returns the original non-"boolish"-like inputs as
41802: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
41803: Raises an error if either of the two input parameters is not positive.  The first parameter should represent reduction in hospitalizations due to COVID, and
41804: Checks the length and compares two lists. If they are unequal, it raises an error with message "The lengths do no match".
41805: This is an example of nested looping and function calls. The outer 'for' loops through the values from 0 to i+3 inclusive while
41806: This function checks the value of 'None', empty string and starts with specific patterns in time format to convert it into Python's Time object from str
41807: This line of the Python function checks if '\' character exists within string `x`. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False is returned
41808: This Python script checks if there is any number missing from the given Sudoku grid. If so it returns false and true otherwise return null or error
41809: This script splits the input text into individual 'WORDS' and filters out any URLs from these WORDSS, leaving only alphanumer
41810: A dictionary to rename diagnostics based on their type. If the input is not found, it returns original value as output – Diagno
41811: If the URL doesnt contain 'group/share/{groupId}/{shareToken}'. Return an empty string and another two strings as placeholders;
41812: This function calculates the NDC range based on two given scores, if one score is greater than another it multiplies that value to an initial set
41813: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
41814: This function returns the string representation of an indexed element in list.  The format is "[index/Total]". For example, if i =
41815: This Python function returns the name, description and country of an object in JSON format. The order is not important as long it matches with expected output structure
41816: This function checks if the endpoint of an incoming request is present. If it's there, then returns that value; otherwise -1 or 0
41817: This Python script filters out the keys that are not present within an input dictionary and returns only those which match with 'interesting' list of key names
41818: This script parses an input string, converting it into integer values if possible or leaving them as strings otherwise; then appends the result to 'params
41819: This line of the script calculates and stores coordinates within an array based on given parameters, which are defined by 'voxels' object properties such
41820: This Python function splits the string into individual characters if it's not empty, checks that there is only one letter in each word and returns true
41821: This function returns the string "admin" as it is. It's just an example of how to create and use simple functions in Python programming language
41822: This function calculates the product of differences between consecutive elements within an array. The difference is calculated by subtracting one element from another, and then all
41823: This Python function takes as input an array of elements, creates and returns another list with the same content but reversed order using slicing technique only one
41824: This Python script creates an empty list, then populates it with the last part of each URI from 'data' dictionary using "uri" as key
41825: This Python function returns the first element of an input list, or creates and sets it to be empty. It then flattens any further lists in
41826: If the reviewer has not been evaluated, it returns an arbitrary value of "hundred". Otherwise，it calculates and return its own evaluation based on
41827: This Python script checks if the given parameters are valid, ie., uplanex and lplanen should be greater than  or equal to zero
41828: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one level by using recursion to handle the nesting of inner elements within each element
41829: This Python function takes an input string, converts it to lowercase and removes all non alphanumeric characters including spaces using list comprehension with
41830: This Python script splits an input string into key/value pairs on newline characters and stores them as dictionary entries with the help of python's
41831: This Python function checks whether the given key is within bounds and performs necessary operations to handle negative keys when they are used in an array or list context where
41832: This Python function calculates the average of two coordinates. The first coordinate is calculated by taking all elements at index ‘'%s’'' %
41833: This line of the given Python function subtracts from 'multiple' until it is not divisible by its own. It then returns that number
41834: This Python script returns an object with the key "Install" and its value set to be another dictionary containing only one element, which is also of type
41835: This Python function returns the severity level of an input 'score'. The scores range from –∞ to +∞, with -in
41836: "Creates an SQL INSERT statement with the given table name and values. If there's already data in that subject/predicate combination it will
41837: This Python function returns two URLs, one to the Warehouse Management System(WMTS), and another is OGC Web Feature Service.
41838: This Python function finds the index of space character in string and returns two substrings, one with everything before that position up to but not including it itself
41839: This Python script counts the number of bits in an integer. It uses bitwise right shift operator to count how many times 3 divides n,
41840: This function checks if every character in the string is either digit or M. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true – based
41841: This Python function returns the specified JSON object. The returned dictionary contains 'training' information about an agent with specific broker and explorer IDs (-1
41842: This function takes an alphanumeric string as input and returns the first 6 characters of it. The result is then joined with hyphen (-
41843: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the elements of another list. The keys are set to be indices from original array, while
41844: This script takes an arbitrary number of command line arguments and stores them into dictionaries, where the keys are argument names without "--", while values represent
41845: This Python function takes an input string and number of repetition as parameters, then it repeats the given character/character sequence multiple times to form new
41846: This function checks if the department name is present as an element of 'msc\_department' list. If it exists, then returns True
41847: This Python function calculates the fractional part of an integer division operation. The result is then shifted to fit within specified bit range and added with given
41848: This Python script creates two lists, one with the names of days and another ones that have abbreviations. It then uses these to map each inputted
41849: This Python function calculates the refractive index of water using an approximation based on empirical data from σ²=(λV)/μ,
41850: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same value. If 'a' is less than or equal to half of its own double, it
41851: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. The result is returned as output from that method call
41852: Returns true if the bit at 'index' in num is set, false otherwise. This function uses binary shifting and masking to check whether or not
41853: This line of the Python script removes all occurrences in string 'parser' that are preceded by two dashes ("--"). The result is
41854: This function filters the list of 'claims' data based on whether or not each date falls within two specific dates. The lambda expression is used
41855: Try to access the key in dictionary, if not found then return an empty string.  If exception occurs it will handle that and continue with other operations
41856: If the left child is not present, assign its value to 'degreem now'. Else check whether right subtree of root node exists.
41857: If the environment variable TEST_DATACTISE is set to “enabled” in your application configuration file then enable datacite feature.
41858: This Python script is used to update the values of keys from one dictionary into another. If there's no key present, it will create new ones
41859: This Python function checks whether the input string is in DD/MMM format, and returns only its first 3 digits or an empty String
41860: This function returns the string ${SECRET}:<IP address>.  It's used to generate an encrypted secret key that can be
41861: This Python script checks the value of 'quadrant' and performs different actions based on its values. It then returns or modifies coordinates depending upon which
41862: This Python script converts the input dictionary into an equivalent list of tuples where each tuple contains one key and its corresponding value from original dict as
41863: This line of the script converts all text to lowercase, excluding certain keywords that are usually used in search queries but aren't relevant here
41864: If the three variables are all zero in value then return both as '(none)' else perform division operation on them. The result of these operations is
41865: This Python script is used to get the name of an immediate directory above in which it resides, ie., its "grandfather" or '
41866: Reads the file content into string format. If an error occurs during reading process it returns empty strinng  .   Code snippet used
41867: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41868: This Python function checks whether the input string `str` ends in ".png". If it does and its an instance that'll raise error when trying
41869: If the input "value" doesnt exist then return none; else check whether it ends with '.'; otherwise append one to make sure we have complete
41870: This function checks whether the given string is an empty or missing value. If it's "--", then return that, otherwise encode as per defined
41871: This function calculates the direction and magnitude of movement between two positions. It uses absolute values to determine if any part is greater than 1 or less
41872: This Python function copies the dictionary 'd' and deletes any entries with keys that are also present within another copied dictonary named "if"
41873: This function returns the minimum and maximum of all ranges in an input list.  It uses Python's builtin min, last functions to find these
41874: This Python script creates chucks of size 'max_cahcking' from the list x and appends them to another empty array named "
41875: This function returns the dictionary with two keys - 'normalize' and ‘activation’. The value of normalizing is stored in variable `
41876: This Python function takes two or more arguments, combines them into one tuple and then uses the builtin `hash` method to return an integer that represents
41877: This function calculates the percentage of 'b' in relation to total value from variable "c" and returns it. The result is rounded off with
41878: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41879: Code that implements the functionality of an array of integers. The program will take two inputs, n and m where 0 <n<=m <
41880: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41881: Return JSON object with name 'REQEST CREATE' and payload containing id.  Metadata contains extra info about the request if any present else
41882: This Python function maps over the input pairs of tuples and applies an operation to each tuple. The result is another list with transformed values from original
41883: This Python function converts the string 's' to an integer using ASCII values. The conversion is done by multiplying each character of input with
41884: A function that returns the name, version and platform of an application.  The output is in format ${AppName}-v_Version_.Platform
41885: This Python function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the same data, but with each dictionary's primary key replaced by its length.
41886: This line of the given C# function returns an encrypted byte value. The left shift operation is performed on 'rotation' number times, and then
41887: This line of Python script returns the number or size in MB that is equivalent to 'bytes' divided by one million, which represents memory usage on your
41888: This python script calculates the distance between two points in space using Euclidean Distance formula and checks if it is zero before performing division operation to avoid
41889: If the lengths of two lists are equal, compare their sets. Otherwise return false directly as they're not equivalent in terms and conditions – one
41890: This line of the Python script checks if an entered string is one among several possible answers, such as "True", “Yes” or just plain
41891: This Python script generates all possible pairs of numbers from 0 to `xsizemax` and returns them as list. The first number is the
41892: Calculates the total processing and returns it.  The result is calculated by adding 'processing' to current system date/timestamp, which includes both input
41893: This function walks through nested dictionary structures using the given 'key' paths, returning value at end of that key chain if it exists or None otherwise."
41894: This line of Python script converts an integer to its digits. It does so by converting the number into string, then iterating over each character
41895: This function takes an address as input and returns the corresponding word from 'adr_lexi' dictionary. If no match is found, it will
41896: This function calculates the difference between two points in 3D space, and returns that value. The result is then subtracted from 'n'
41897: This line of Python script converts the input data into its unique elements. It uses set() function to remove duplicates and then it is converted back
41898: This Python function takes in the type of tickets and person's name, then adds them to their respective queue based on whether they are an "Ex
41899: This Python function returns the value of an item in dictionary 'locations' based on its key and if it doesn’t exist then default to return
41900: This function checks if the context of each sentence is unique. If it're not and there are more than one sentences with same content then return false
41901: This Python function tries to match the vendor ID – product pair with specific values, if it matches then returns True else raises an error message "Device
41902: This function is used to initialize the variables 'Content', ‘Columns’ and "Sections" with empty lists. If these are not provided as
41903: If the 'repo' type isn’t defined, it will return “ACSJWT”. Otherwise returns an OAuth JTI
41904: Throws an error if the provided 'Key' is not in range of [0,1]. If it does exist then proceeds to execute. The
41905: A function that returns the number zero. It's an example of Python syntax and structure, but not necessarily related to any specific problem or task in
41906: This script calculates the minimum and maximum x coordinates of two boxes. The calculation is done by finding their center points minus half an object's width
41907: This Python function generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the 'n'th term using iteration and memory efficiency is high due its
41908: This function calculates the greatest common denominator of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It also returns three values that are derived from these
41909: This Python script calculates the maximum and minimum coordinates of an array, then determines their difference to get 'maximum distance' or length. It also
41910: Code is returning the number one. This function takes no parameters and returns an integer value of 'one'. The purpose behind it's implementation was to
41911: This function calculates the power of an object based on its magnitude and returns it as per given formula, which is derived from physics principles like F=
41912: This script grants the 'create' privileges of users in both staff and nonloading user roles.  The name is taken from an input variable, which
41913: This line of the script cleanses an output string by removing all whitespace characters.  It also replaces any remaining white space with nothing and returns
41914: This script loops over the list of KSUIDs and retrieves their timestamps, then sorts them based on those retrieved values using Python
41915: This Python script creates an index of the given sentence by mapping each unique token to its corresponding position within that sequence using 'sent' and '_'. The
41916: This function calculates the least common multiple of two numbers. If either number is zero it returns '0'. Otherwise if both are nonzero then finds
41917: This Python function returns an empty string when the input is 1, otherwise it converts and return integer to its corresponding ASCII character. The conversion
41918: This Python script calculates the average length of all nonempty word sequences found within an input string, treating punctuation as part or separator between such
41919: This Python script calculates the number of distinct prime numbers up to 'n'. It uses two loops and sets data structure which automatically removes duplicated values
41920: Checks if the input values are within valid range, then performs bitwise operations to create an integer. The result is returned as output of function '
41921: If 'a' is greater than ‘b’, return the value of "A". Else it checks whether B> A. In case
41922: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'known' dictionary to find matching URLs from one of two possible sources - either
41923: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists x and Y using list comprehension with 'zip' to pair elements from both arrays together
41924: This function checks if every element of the list is an integer using Python's builtin 'all'. It returns True only when each item satisfies its
41925: This function checks if the difference between maximum and minimum ranking is 3. If it's true then return True else False or vice versa based
41926: This line of the Python script checks if any file name starts with '.' or is one among certain predefined names, then it returns False;
41927: This Python script attempts to extract the href attribute from an HTML object, but if it fails due some reason like no such tag or wrong type of data
41928: If the list has only one element, return nothing. Else check whether it's not last in sequence and add comma after each non-"last
41929: This Python function takes an input String and pads it with zeros to make its length equal or greater than the specified output size. It then returns that
41930: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41931: If the specified 'Package' does not exist in Manifest or if it doesn’t contain key ‘version', return "None". Otherwise get
41932: This script removes the specified DNS name from your hosts file and then restores it if necessary, using 'sed'.  It is used to prevent conflicts
41933: This Python function splits the input string into three components based on ":" character and returns second component as first element of tuple, remaining part after splitting
41934: This Python script returns the static current URLs from GTFS feed of each dictionary entry where 'data' contains dictionaries with keys spec, urls
41935: This Python script calculates the sum of absolute differences between corresponding elements from two lists. The function 'zip' is used to pair up x and its
41936: This function checks whether the given 'distance' is greater than or equal to "view". If it does, then returns zero; otherwise - one."
41937: This function takes in two parameters - 'keywords' and an empty list named as the second parameter which is used to store results of transformation operation on
41938: Error in the input format, no semicolon found to split into channels"  if ";" not part of string or any other error occurs else
41939: This line of the given program checks whether 'n' is even. If it isn’t, then increment by one to make sure that next time
41940: This Python script splits each string on the '==' character and returns two values, which are obtained by splitting at that point in case of equal
41941: This function generates the appropriate string to be used as an argument when calling Python' builtins. The first part of it checks whether any common types from
41942: If the index of worker is greater than number or jobs, it will assign an empty list to bin indexes.  This ensures that all bins are filled
41943: This line of Python script generates an array with the x and y coordinate pairs from two lists. The first list is used to index into another one,
41944: A function that returns an n x n matrix filled with zeros.  It's used to initialize the game board of tic tack tot,
41945: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41946: This line of the given JavaScript function returns an object that combines two objects '{...}' into one. The combined properties from both are taken and returned
41947: This line of Python script uses the `itertool's product` function to create combinations from multiple lists and then converts these into dictionaries with
41948: This function checks if the input includes an empty interval. It returns True or False based on whether it finds any intervals that are not filled with data points
41949: If the 'action' field of `None`, an empty list and/or dictionary are passed as input to function then it returns first action from
41950: This Python script multiplies each element of the list 'V' by its corresponding value from another array, then sums up all these values.  The
41951: This function calculates the minimum distance between two points in 3D space. The difference of coordinates is calculated and then returned as absolute value to ensure
41952: If the number of word in an input string is more than 25 then it will be truncated to first two five and rest are ignored.
41953: This line of Python script converts the time series from pixels to millisecond. The conversion is done by multiplying pixel value with kilometer per P
41954: This function checks if the record has an action of 'protected branch dismissals restricted users teams' with authorized actors only set to true in its data dictionary
41955: This Python function checks the sum of three numbers and returns different strings based on their values. 3 cases are defined, each with one line return statement
41956: This function converts the input to its corresponding boolean value. If it's not one of two predefined strings ("true", or just simply
41957: Initialized the power and total variables.  Set them to one, then incremented by each value in array 'nums'. The result is stored
41958: This function returns the id in 3 digits with leading zeros. If less than ten, it will add more zeroes to reach exactly eleven
41959: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns difference between 4th element in 'region' list minus second one. The result is then
41960: This function calculates the sum of elements multiplied by an input number 'X' raised to each power. The result is returned as F'.
41961: This Python function converts decimal degrees to time in terms of Hours Minuts and Seconds. It takes the input as 'decito'
41962: This line of the given Python script is creating an array 'b' from bytes in little endian order. The values are extracted by shifting bits to
41963: This Python function takes an input string of hexadecimal numbers and converts them into ASCII characters. It does so by iterating over each
41964: This Python script checks whether the given path is an existing regular text (.txt or .docx etc.) and then reads it in one line using read
41965: This function scales the input 'roll' by multiplying it with max/min range, then adding to minimum. It also checks that roll is within
41966: This script checks the YAML file to ensure that machines and their corresponding applications are using compatible versions of each other by raising an exception when they aren
41967: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
41968: If the list of entities is empty, it returns an emtpy array; otherwise - gets parent from first element and removes all instances that are also
41969: This Python function takes two lists as input, converts them to sets and returns the difference between these “sets” in form of another sorted unique
41970: This python function returns the list of values associated with each key in dictionary 'basins' when given an input string. The returned value is based on
41971: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is less than two it returns directly as there's no need of conversion process
41972: An AWS scheduled events trigger was fired at 	Timestamp of the fire is 			(insert timestamp here)", ... ]}... }];`
41973: This script generates the total time spent on each record. It uses list comprehension to create an array of all unique "times" from 'records
41974: This Python script is used to find the elements of 'cl' list that are present only on another given "candidate group" ('CG') and
41975: This Python function converts an integer to its string representation, then it splits the resulting character sequence into individual digit lists.  The list comprehens
41976: This Python function checks if the input string starts and ends with '{' &'}' characters, then returns only middle part of it without these two special
41977: This function checks the value of 'min' and replaces it with smaller or larger number, depending on whether current input is less than minimum ('<
41978: This Python function checks whether the input 'Name' variable can be treated as string or not and also determines its type before performing some operations on it based
41979: This Python function converts both input strings to lowercase and checks if either string ends with the same sequence of characters as in other two inputs, regardless
41980: This Python function calculates the distance between two points in an array of measurements using their measured values and returns it as rounded to one decimal place, considering
41981: Checks if the last character of current input is not an opening bracket, it's either closing one with matching openning parenthesis. If
41982: This function checks the type of protocol and returns an integer value based on it. If not recognized, default to return 'default' as second option in
41983: This function calculates the percentage of correct answers in an exam. It takes two parameters - 'score' and ‘output’, where "correct
41984: This line of the given Python script converts Unix timestamp to milliseconds since January,  8th at midnight on Januarius Day in
41985: This function checks if the number is even and, in case it's true - increments by one. It then returns final result of incremented
41986: This Python function checks the tuple of two strings. If it's equal to ('.',".") or '("  ", ". ")', then returns
41987: A function that returns the requested information about an object.  The parameters are all required and must match exactly with what's in your database schema to
41988: This function returns the appropriate clothing item based on its label. The labels are 0 to len(clothing_items)-3, where each number
41989: If the previous emotion is equal to or greater than, less then and equals with no matches. Else it returns either +/-/+ depending on
41990: Replaces the "*" in Variant Call Format files with specified 'chromsome' from configuration file and returns two updated variant call format(s
41991: This function checks the part of speech tagging result. If it's verb, then returns true; otherwise false or vice versa based on whether
41992: This function checks the type of 'object' passed to it and performs different operations based on its nature - either adds ‘constant’ value or copies
41993: This Python function calculates the number of cells in an irregular polyhedron. The formula is based on some properties and assumptions about its shape, but
41994: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41995: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
41996: This Python function checks whether the given number is 0 or not. If it's zero then return 'str'(the numeric value of that
41997: This function multiplies the input 'X' by scalar factor of ‘S’ and returns result. The name "return" is not necessary in
41998: This Python function converts the input string to hours and minutes in seconds format. It first checks whether 'str' type of given argument "is instance
41999: This function returns the id of an authenticated and authorized User.  It uses JWT to verify if there is valid token in request header,
42000: This Python script splits the inputted text into individual, nonempty strings and then filters out any that are less than 3 characters long either by
42001: If the 'None' condition in Python returns True then it will execute its block of codes and return an empty dictionary else do nothing or whatever operation you
42002: This Python function returns the list of elements that appear only once within an input array 'arr'.  It uses builtin count method to find out how
42003: If the left and right values are equal, then it tries to divide both by two; otherwise assign default value of zero in case an error occurs during
42004: If the 'queue' id is 419, return string as normal draft. Else check other conditions and give corresponding output accordingly."
42005: This is an implementation of the classic "Thompson Sampling" algorithm, which assigns different probabilities to each possible outcome in binary classification tasks based
42006: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'Input Data' that are greater than 1. The result is an array containing only those
42007: This function checks if the file name ends with one of several specified extension names, case insensitive and returns true or false accordingly based on whether it matches
42008: This is an initialisation of the variable 'sign', and checks whether or not there was negative symbol in first character. If yes, it sets its
42009: This Python function calculates the centroid of an object defined by its four corners. The input is in form [left_top XY coordinates ,
42010: This script performs Principal Component Analysis on the given dataset using Whitening or Normalized version of LDA depending upon whether it is an unsupervised learning
42011: Convert the input string to all upper case.  This is done by using Python's built in function "lower()". However, it only works
42012: This Python function counts the number of special characters ('[',']','?') present within an input string.  It returns True if there are any
42013: If the input "description" blob object type of Python scripting language as dictionary then return value from that else do nothing and returns none  Code
42014: This script attempts to read the specified file and convert its content into Python'd list of strings, then returns an empty array if any error occurs during
42015: This Python function calculates the maximum and minimum voltages in an array of data. It then returns these as tuple with names 'max' & ‘
42016: This function calculates the position of an object in three dimensions based on its offset and size. The calculation is done by taking into account both horizontal movement
42017: This function returns the input as an array with one element. The value of that single item is set to be "name".  It then converts
42018: This Python function compresses the input list by counting consecutive elements and appending their counts to resultant string, then it returns final output as one line
42019: This Python function returns an empty list when the input node 'None' or no children are present, otherwise it recursively builds up all nodes from top
42020: If the "bridge" key does not exist in dictionary, return false; otherwise True if it exists and its value equals to 1 or 'True
42021: If the value of 'disc' is less than '-4', return number two. Else, check whether it equals to "-4", in which
42022: This function takes two parameters - wart and miasto. It returns the result of dividing 'war' by its value to power minus one
42023: If the scheme is 'HTTP' with default HTTP/HTTPS ports, return `Host`. Else Return as string format of Host &
42024: This function checks whether the input 'object' "is an instance of" either integer or not. If it does then returns that object else return None
42025: This Python function generates the dimensions of an image at different levels by halving their sizes. The process repeats until one or both dimension becomes less than
42026: This Python script splits the input into individual 'tokens' and then filters out any token that starts with an @@ symbol, leaving only those
42027: This Python function converts the fourCC value to its corresponding string representation. The input is expected as an integer and it returns one line of text that
42028: This line of the Python script returns an integer value from string s, which is obtained by extracting characters at index 3 to -4. The
42029: This Python function returns the RGB values of an image in HSV color space by subtracting each component from its maximum value and then multiplying it
42030: This Python function checks the existence of certain keys within nested dictionaries. If any key is missing, it raises an error with specific message about what was
42031: This function maps the MD AST nodes to their corresponding types. If 'val' is present, it returns its type; otherwise checks whether there are
42032: This Python function converts the string "s", where 'left' and/or ‘right’ are special characters, into their Unicode escape
42033: This Python function sorts an input list using the Bubble Sort algorithm. The time complexity of bubble sort is O((N^3)/6). It
42034: This Python function converts string inputs into boolean data type if possible; otherwise it raises an error message indicating the conversion cannot be performed due some reason such
42035: This Python script checks if the given 'geo' parameter is present within an array of known invalid codes. If it does, returns true; otherwise false
42036: This Python function takes as input an array of lists, where each list contains the names/titles or descriptions to be marked up with some special characters
42037: This function returns an object with the given "name" parameter. The returned value is automatically prefixed by '_' character and appended to '__
42038: This line of the given Python script is returning "context['data']". It's an example usage in which 'return', or simply, returns
42039: This Python script calculates the difference between each timestamp and its corresponding value from an initial one. The result is stored back into 'timstamp'
42040: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42041: This function calculates the score of each letter in an inputted string. The scores are assigned based on their position value from A to Z and are
42042: This function returns the RGB values of an HSV color. The input parameters h and/or r are optional; if not provided they will default
42043: This function calculates the maximum length of word across all stories and questions. It returns two values - one is Story Word Maximum Length which represents
42044: This Python script generates JVM command line arguments from the given dictionary of keys and values which are used to set unique options on Java Virtual Machine(J
42045: This function checks the type of variable and returns True or false based on whether it's categoricall. If not categorically typed then return '
42046: This Python script adds up the RGB values of all colors from 'colors' list and if their total is greater than or equal to two points three
42047: This Python function calculates the total area of triangles formed by connecting each pair consecutive points. The first and last point are connected to form one triangle
42048: This Python script caches the string representation of entities with types 'space', ‘raw inline’, and so on. It ignores all other
42049: This Python function takes two binary strings as input and returns their XOR operation. The result is also returned after performing the modulo of sum with one
42050: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42051: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42052: This Python function returns the value of 'val' in different cases. If it is zero, then return an integer with its own specific number; otherwise
42053: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an array. The weights are based on their position within tha list, with higher positions being more significant
42054: This Python script creates an index of labels based on the IDs from 'entries' list using dictionary comprehension and get method to fetch values if
42055: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42056: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the second element of each list item from 'data' as keys, while keeping their corresponding values
42057: This function returns the first three elements of an input list 'Shape'. If its length is zero it will return default values. For lengths one and two
42058: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42059: If the string 'not vb' is NOT present within model dictionary, return false. Else check whether value of key `model` equals to
42060: This Python function takes an integer as input and converts it into four bytes of data. The first two bits are used to store the lower byte in
42061: Code that converts the given list of numbers into an array. The function takes two parameters, one is 'numbers' which should be in range
42062: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
42063: This script checks the type of an object and returns different strings based on its class. It also handles special names like __name, etc., by returning
42064: This Python function checks the input 'value' and returns it in different ways. If `"null",` is encountered, then return none; otherwise
42065: This function checks whether the given string starts with "___", ends in "_ _ ", or both, which is not recommended as it's an anti
42066: This function calculates the Root Mean Square Deviation of data and returns an estimate based on whether or not it is within tolerance with respect to machine
42067: This line of the Python script checks if two filenames are equal by comparing their first part after splitting them on '/' and '_'. If they
42068: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42069: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on three terms, each term being multiplied by some constant and then added together to give final
42070: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'pools data' where Synthetic Asset Network Ports and Namespaces Us
42071: This Python script splits the input string into multiple substrings based on an if condition and returns one of two or three strings depending upon length conditions,
42072: "Creates an array of strings" (code): Code snippet which creates and returns such as list. The length can vary from
42073: This Python function calculates the sum of triangles formed by consecutive points on an input list. The result is positive if and only	if all triangle areas
42074: This Python script is used to extract the 'tags' from each of these traffic entries within an API response, which are then stored into another list called
42075: This function calculates the average of two numbers, N and M. It takes into account that one number is subtracted from another to get an effective
42076: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42077: This line of the function checks if 'para' is present as key(parameter name/identifier)'s value from dictionary "TypeTable". If it
42078: This Python function calculates the value of an investment based on its present worth and future expected returns, given that it is a house with no downside
42079: This function returns '+/-' value based on the remainder of division by five. If number is divisible evenly into one or four then it
42080: This Python function returns the appropriate alert level based on whether or not an input value is within certain ranges. The colors are assigned to indicate different levels of
42081: If the 'metrics' parameter equals to l2, it returns string as `L`. ElseIf metrics equal F2 then function will
42082: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42083: This Python function generates an alphabetical string from the input number. The characters are represented by ASCII values and they start with 'A' in
42084: This Python function splits the input string into two parts based on ":" and then generates all possible combinations of these part using list comprehension, returning
42085: This script pads all sentences to the length of maximum sentence, using padding token as filler if necessary." ---> "This Python function takes
42086: This is an implementation of the binary counter algorithm. It counts how many bits are set in 'n' by repeatedly subtracting one from it until zero
42087: If the number of remaining items is at least two hundred, it returns twenty. Otherwise -1 or an error message depending on your choice in function definition
42088: This Python function calculates the quaternion representation of an angle in roll/ pitch / yawk space using cosine and sine functions from 'math
42089: This function checks if the file extension of an input string is either 'GTG' or ‘GFN’, and returns true when it finds
42090: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the sum.  It uses built in C# .NET method to calculate it, which is
42091: Copies the dictionary and removes "Self" from it, then returns modified dictonary with copied data removed in python scripting language using deep copying
42092: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the provided dimensions and append each remainder of division to that array until no further remainders can
42093: This Python function returns the specified type and id of bucket. The returned object contains information about what kind or 'g'ype it is ('t',
42094: This Python script reads an input file, splits each sentence into individual terms and capitalizes the first letter of every term except possibly at beginning or end
42095: This function maps an input value to the range [a1;b] by scaling and shifting it according with some parameters of mapping equation based on its
42096: This Python function checks whether the given object is empty or not. It returns true when it's an instance of one type, such as [], ()
42097: Returns the first 6 characters of each line in 'config.txt' file, which are either HTTP or HTTPS and are less than four
42098: This function sorts the numbers from 0 to 'N' in descending order and then maps each number with its count. The result is an array
42099: This Python script attempts to write an object into the file. If it is successful then returns true else prints error message and return false indicating failure in writing
42100: This Python function categorizes the input parameters 'race' and ‘gender’ into different subgroups based on their values. The categories are
42101: This Python script is used to find the value of an attribute from nested JSON data using its name as input parameter, which returns if found else it will
42102: This function calculates the difference between two magnitudes, then returns an adjusted value based on that calculated magnitude diffrence with some exponentiation and logarithmic
42103: This function checks whether the given file/directory name is either ".//", "/../". It returns true when it finds these two types of names,
42104: This Python script connects to MongoDB using the provided configuration. It then returns an array of command line arguments that are needed when running mongod in
42105: This Python script creates two sets to store the heads and tails of an arbitrary graph's transition list which is then used as input by another function
42106: This Python script converts all uppercase letters in the input string to lower case using regular expressions and if conditions, respectively; it also ensures that only
42107: This piece of Python script is used to calculate the ratio between two variables, but if either variable has 'float("nan")', it will return Na
42108: Categories\n".join(categories.split())+'\r'*30 	return render_template('index.html', content
42109: This function returns the promoter of an RNA sequence. It takes in one argument, which is supposed to be another list containing multiple DNA sequences and
42110: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty list called "result". It then adds one character from each element in 'string' to it
42111: This function calculates the value of t^(4/6)*cosh. It's an example to demonstrate how Python can be used in
42112: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'qua...' which are then assigned to keys of another dict named
42113: Connects to the SQL database and creates cursor object that can be used in further operations on it – trinitydatabase, python programming language library is
42114: This line of the given Python script is checking whether or not there exists an initial slash in 'PATH'. If it doesn’t exist, then
42115: If the string 'license' is longer than 21 characters, it returns its first two hundred and one more character followed by an ellipsis
42116: This Python script creates and returns an empty 3D list/array with dimensions d x h where each element is [R G B] color values
42117: This Python function calculates the surface area of an ellipsoid given its radius and volume, which is then scaled by pi to match our desired
42118: This Python script calculates the mean of each value within dictionaries. It does so by iterating over all keys present inside one dictionary, and then
42119: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in list `v3` with comma as separator and converts them to string type using map
42120: This function returns different colors based on the type of message. If it's sent, return color #CAF3FE; edited -> light
42121: This line of Python script calculates the new price after applying an interest rate. The original amount is multiplied by “(1+fator
42122: This line of Python script creates an array named 'x' that contains the elements from another list, but only includes those which do NOT end with "
42123: If the targets are equal, return zero; otherwise calculate ratio of one to other's share in relation with their peers’ shares as per given conditions
42124: This Python script retrieves the 'package' data from an external file, extracts and formats it into one line string with specific formatting rules applied
42125: This line of the given Python script converts an alphabetical character to its corresponding ASCII value. The function takes in one parameter, 'alph
42126: This line of the script creates an empty list called "variant_name". It's used to store names from different variants. ...(
42127: If the json object contains " type" with value of either device status, hubs statu...  it will return firmware version. Else returns
42128: This line of the Python function calculates and returns absolute difference between x value with respect to one. It's an example on how we can use
42129: This script merges the RFAM database with protein databases from different sources, creating an efficient mapping between them using unique identifiers such as Accession numbers
42130: If the 'previous' variable isn’t set, return its value. Otherwise it should check whether ‘parent'' has been assigned and then either
42131: This Python function tries to add the service key in an existing dictionary, if it fails then logs and rethrows any exceptions that occur during execution of its
42132: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of tuples if provided; otherwise returns that same dict object
42133: If the input 'is instance of' returns True and it’s not null then return its content. Else throw an error message stating that expected
42134: This function returns the result of multiplying 'Z' by itself if it is greater than zero, otherwise 1. It mimics Python’s
42135: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42136: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
42137: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42138: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42139: This Python script loads chuncks of data, calculates the number requests per second and then creates an array with these calculated deltas to simulate
42140: This Python script checks the existence of 'nodes' and its length, then retrieves an edge from another dictionary. If any condition is met it returns
42141: If no arguments are provided, it will return the first argument of its function and then remove that from list; otherwise returns result returned by calling given functions
42142: This Python script replaces all special characters with spaces, tabs and newlines to clean the text in an input string "data". The replaced character is
42143: Checks whether the URL contains 'at' or '/', and returns either part of it. If not found then just gives back original string as is
42144: Return an error with status 'code' and the message as specified. The HTTP response will be unsuccessful, meaning that authentication failed or user is
42145: This Python function calculates the center of an object in Pascale VOC format by taking into account its minimum and maximum coordinates along with image dimensions to
42146: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and sets the value of 'first' to 1. It then iterates over each item within "code"
42147: This script is used to find the longest palindromic sequence ending with "rh." from list of strings, if no such string exists it returns
42148: If the input 'cell' is equal to one, it returns '-value'. Else return an error message "Value Error". The function raises value
42149: This python script calculates the probability of an action being taken based on its type and whether it was previously performed or not by comparing two lists; one
42150: This Python script checks the 'not' condition of an input dictionary and returns only those items that do NOT have any properties specified by another part or all
42151: This function checks if the first character of input is an opening bracket [, last one - closing square braket ]. If it does not match
42152: This Python function calculates the mean of two lists x and y along with their product sums. The result is then divided by total number to get final
42153: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42154: If no specific 'selectors' are provided, it returns an empty list. Otherwise return the selected values from each dictionary entry under key named as selector
42155: This function returns the minimum and maximum of two keys. It's very simple to understand but it can be misused if not used carefully as min
42156: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42157: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42158: This line of the given C# function returns an array with elements that are shifted to left by one position. The rightmost bit is placed at index
42159: This function reads the name from an input string and returns it without any spaces. If there are no space characters in th einput, then just simply
42160: Return false if the two lists are not equal length. If they're of different lengths, it returns true because one list is longer than another and
42161: This Python script takes an input string and returns True if all the distinct letters in that same order appear, otherwise it will return False. It uses '
42162: This Python function tries to convert the input value into an integer or floating point number. If it fails due either of these reasons - ie., if
42163: This function takes an integer num and returns the same number as string, but with leading zeros added to make its length equal or longer than 'len
42164: This script separates the input data into different formats. It supports multiple types of delimiters such as CSV, SSI and TSVs using
42165: This function returns the instance and scenario names as concatenated string. (END SUMMARY HERE.)  ```python`def getInstanceScn
42166: This Python function checks whether the input 'Y' variable contains an instance of type "list". If it does contain such instances then each element within that
42167: This Python function checks if the given string is palindrome or not by using sets to keep track of unique characters and then checking whether they are all
42168: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42169: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42170: This Python function converts the input 'Value' to an integer and then calculates two values based on it. The first is calculated as absolute difference
42171: This line of the Python script calculates some values based on input variables 'x', '-loc' and other parameters, then uses these calculated results to
42172: This function checks if the input string contains any Chinese characters. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no such character exists
42173: This function returns the result of multiplying an input by .1679, which is equivalent to converting it from feet into inches or centimet
42174: If all three conditions are met, return true. Otherwise false or None depending on the value of one condition is returned as per given rules in Python script
42175: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and return only file name from full paths in string format using 'str' function, if there
42176: This Python function converts an integer to its string representation, then returns the digits of that number as integers.  The result is returned by converting
42177: This line of the given Python script calculates distance between two points. If it's greater than halfway point, then we subtract from total
42178: If the list is empty or contains only one element return that single value. Otherwise find and returns middle indexed item from given array/list based on
42179: This function returns an object with the key "total" and value equal to 'count'. The total is calculated based on how many times it appears in
42180: This function converts Farenheight to Celsius using the formula of conversion from farnhreight(F°C °R)
42181: This line of the Python script copies an image and returns it as output, without any changes to original data or memory usage is made by copying process itself
42182: This function calculates the square of an input number. The result is returned as output from another method in your program, which can be used to perform
42183: If the bounding box is valid. 0 < minX < 16384 & -97 > maxY > −min_
42184: This function returns the minimum of two lists' first elements, and then again with other list.  It is used to find out which one has smaller
42185: If the variable "mbi" does not exist, return none. Else check whether length of string in `mbb` equals 9 or
42186: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42187: This Python function raises an error when passed with no arguments. It then converts each sublists of 'input' into tuples and returns them
42188: This function checks whether the string 'value' contains any of several sizes. If it does then returns two boolean values indicating that size is present and its
42189: This function performs multiplication, addition and some randomness. It takes three inputs - the first two are multiplied together to form 'x' which is
42190: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the same but with spaces removed. It also handles special characters like '. ', comma , ! / |
42191: This Python function calculates the maximum length of lines and counts how many there are within an input string 'text'. The result is returned as two values
42192: This Python function takes as input an NxM table and returns the transpose of that matrix, ie., it flips each row with its
42193: This Python function returns the corresponding string from 'status' dictionary based on given input parameter ('CODE'). If no match is found in dict then it defaults
42194: This script creates an instance of the multiprocessing module's ProcessPoolExecutor class and uses it to create multiple processes that will all take turns
42195: This Python function checks whether the keys 'parsed' and/or ‘Slot’ are present within given dictionary. If any of these is
42196: This line of the given Python script multiplies an integer by 8, then shifts it left three times to create more space. The result is returned
42197: This Python script is used to calculate the total number of switches in use. The variables are named according their function, and they all add up together at
42198: If the input number 'n' is  zero, it returns string representation of that. Else nothing and throws an exception or error message as per
42199: This line of the function returns whether or not "public" is found in 'low' string using Python language and its find() method, if it
42200: This script iterates over all entities present within the current 'state' dictionary and attempts to find any matching SHA – one hash function used as
42201: This Python script merges two JSON objects into one, adding the 'queries' and ‘Candidates’ data to each of them respectively
42202: This function returns the coordinates of an object in two dimensions based on its x or y coordinate. If it's at origin(zero), then return
42203: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
42204: This Python script generates an email address string from the list of recipents. The emails are separated by commas and each one is followed immediately after its
42205: These two variables are used to define the region of interest in an image. The ROI is defined by four coordinates - x and y values that represent
42206: This function splits the input 'document id' by '/', then joins it back with ":" to form an updated document ID string, which is
42207: This Python script is iterating over the default parameters and checking if an index exists within 'param' dictionary. If it doesn’t exist then assign
42208: This function takes two bounding boxes and returns their intersection. The result is the smallest possible box that encloses both input sets of coordinates in
42209: This Python script calculates two angles in degrees, then continuously checks if they are within valid range. If not it adjusts them to be between +
42210: This function filters out cells from the configuration list that should be skipped based on their index and value, then returns only those configurations which are left after
42211: This Python function creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'array'. If each element of "input" is unique, it appends
42212: This function returns the string "__start___" followed by an integer. The input is old PID, and it appends to that with '_
42213: This Python script converts the 1D list into an integer type. The given 'matrix' is expected to be of size N*N and
42214: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with the values from 'torso' names and their corresponding numbers using lambda function as
42215: This Python function calculates the value of CGX based on given parameters. The formula is derived from physics and engineering principles, but it's not
42216: This function changes the position of an object in two dimensions based on its current and desired directions. The four possible movements are defined by 'dir' parameter
42217: This Python script checks if the input string matches with regular expression pattern and then returns corresponding value based on length of number in it or else return original un
42218: This function counts the number of G's and C’ s in an input sequence, then returns their ratio. It does so by using Rust
42219: This function calculates the sum of two numbers, then multiplies it by half their difference plus one. It's an example to show how Python
42220: This line of the given Python script is creating an absolute path to save files. The 'name' variable will be appended at end, which could
42221: Checks if either of the two strings contains another. If so, returns True; otherwise False – one line version using logical OR operator "or
42222: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42223: This Python script calculates the amount of rain based on temperature in dBZ, which is used to determine whether it's raining or not by
42224: This function checks if the port has any of three conditions - binding/virtual interface flag set to 'true', trunk sub ports present and native tag also
42225: This function checks whether two inputs are of the 'dict' type and have equal number keys with corresponding values from both input dictionary objects; otherwise it returns
42226: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an output array. If they aren't, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating
42227: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42228: This Python function checks the type of an input and returns it as string or joined comma separated strings depending on its nature, respectively – when used with
42229: This Python function returns an integer based on the comparison of two values. If 'value_one' is less than another, it will return '-',
42230: This Python function takes in an equation as input and returns two substrings that are the left half of one side to be equal with another. The mid
42231: If the 'server' responds with data then return that as output else raise an error stating "Response from Server was null".  This will help
42232: This function checks if the input values of 'rin' &amp;lt;&#x3D987&gt;" are within ‘
42233: This function checks if the phrase has unique word counts in it, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition being met/not meeting at all respectively
42234: This function tries to evaluate the string representation of an object, then if it finds and attribute named 'DESC' within that evaluation result. If so
42235: This Python function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the string with its initial character converted to lowercase followed by all other characters from second
42236: This program calculates the change in state variables based on their respective rates of decay. The initial conditions are set to 1 and all other values remain
42237: If the variable 's' is zero, do nothing. – Code will not execute and does no action in its current state or purpose as it
42238: This line of Python script creates an empty dictionary named 'mixed' and assigns the values from another dict called `cameras` to it
42239: This Python function checks if the string 'ready' is split by '/'. If it does not match with another part of that same line or any other
42240: If the lengths of two lists are not equal then return false. Otherwise check each element from both list and compare them with their corresponding elements on another index
42241: If the length of 'New States' is ‘one’, return true. Else sort and compare with original list to see whether they are
42242: Checks whether the given object or string represents an expression that calls getField with three arguments; returns True when it does otherwise false in any case where
42243: This Python function calculates the probability of observing each rate given an area and time, then returns these probabilities as tuples which are returned by another
42244: This Python function checks each row of the matrix 'A' and if it matches with any element from another list/array or sublist within that same
42245: This Python script generates an array of Fibonacci numbers up to the given 'limit'. The initial values are set as zero and one respectively
42246: This function returns the profile of an object's binding attribute, if it exists; otherwise "None".  Code snippet is not provided in
42247: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
42248: This Python function returns the smallest number that is divisible by 'multiple of' and ‘c’. It starts with an initial guess,
42249: This Python script splits the file name into its extension, then checks if it's one of two extensions or three in total length; based on
42250: This Python function checks whether the input 'None' or not, and returns it back to its original form in case of none; otherwise replaces all
42251: This Python function replaces the value of an option in dictionary 'dict' with another and returns updated values alongwith options list as well quantity replace details
42252: If the input 'object' isn’t of type dictionary then return it as such otherwise iterates over its items and checks their values; removes any
42253: This function returns the maximum update id from an array of dictionaries. It's used to determine which message is most recent and therefore should be processed
42254: This function calculates the area of two rectangles and returns their sum. The first ‘rectangle’ is represented as [x, y ,
42255: This Python function takes an input, checks whether it's negative or not and performs different operations based on the result of that check; otherwise returns its
42256: This function calculates the average of two numbers. It uses binary search to find an approximate solution in logarithmic time complexity O(log n). The
42257: This function checks the 'type' of cloud provider and returns its name. If it is on prem, then return Atlassians service else just returning
42258: This line of the given Python script is returning 'labels' modulo by two. The result will be stored in another variable called "new_label
42259: This line of the Python function checks if symbol is either equal to < >, which are special symbols in HTML. Or it also verifies that first
42260: This function calculates the sum of squares. It takes two parameters, 'x' and ‘y’ which are used to calculate their square values
42261: This function checks if all characters of the input string are digits. If so, it returns True; otherwise False is returned by using Python builtin
42262: This function checks if the coordinates are within an image.  It does so by checking that both 'x' is nonnegative, less than or equal
42263: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42264: This Python function checks if every required or requested input is present within the list of provided inputs, and returns 'Completed' when it does so;
42265: This line of the Python function calculates and returns Julian Day numbers from Earth's position on Mars, taking into account an offset to convert it
42266: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42267: This function checks if the input string is empty or not, and also returns true only when all characters are alphabets; otherwise it will return
42268: This function calculates the Chi Squred statistic, which is used to determine if there are significant differences between two groups. The formula given in
42269: This function calculates the position of an object after moving in 3D space. It takes as input two parameters - 'location' and "vel
42270: This Python function takes as input the list of all available dataframe's names, and returns only those that contain 'Level'.  It uses List
42271: This line of Python script converts the video id and timestamp into one string, with both being padded to 3 digits using zerof
42272: This function checks if the first two characters of 'n' is "--" and returns True or False accordingly based on that condition, indicating whether it starts
42273: This function calculates the value of lambda, which is used in calculating Delta and LRM based on its formula given below; 0
42274: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty or null, and returns it as such; otherwise，it splits up any underscores within
42275: This line of the program creates an empty list called 'leftover' to store items that are not suitable.  It then uses while loop and
42276: This line of the given Python script is setting 'bg' to be 3 times larger than its current value and adding an amount that scales linearly with
42277: This line of the script calculates Radian's Integrated and Pixel Resolution Along & Cross.  It is essentially multiplying these two
42278: Sorts the list of ranges by their start values in ascending order, and if there are ties on both ends then sorts them based upon end value
42279: This Python script splits the input string into hours, minutes and seconds using ':' as separator; converts these values to decimal format then calcul
42280: This function calculates the step size based on n and N, which is divided by their product. The result will be rounded to 1 decimal place
42281: This function returns the string "table_" concatenated with an underscore and then appended by '"_iq".  It is used to create unique
42282: Checks if the first character of two lines are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True – Linear time complexity
42283: This Python function checks whether the input number is positive or negative, and returns an integer indicating which one. If it's zero then return 'zero
42284: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42285: This Python function calculates the four components of two quaternions and returns them in order. The operation is done by multiplying each component with another
42286: This script is designed to perform alignment of peptide sequences using different methods. It also includes some test data and helper functions used in the process,
42287: This Python function calculates the cost of electricity based on whether or not there is any hot water in kWatts, using an equation that takes
42288: This function returns the absolute value of an input. It takes one argument, which is to be made positive by applying abs() built in python method on
42289: This Python function checks whether an "offer_id", which is the id of some kind, exists as key 'in' dictionary. If it
42290: This function checks if the given string matches with another one. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on whether there is an
42291: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/path.  It is simply returning all elements in 'Path' list as they
42292: This function converts the input string to all lowecase.  It's used in data cleaning tasks where we need our dataset consistent with case
42293: This function calculates the intensity of an electron in free space, given its charge and radius as input parameters using Einstein's formula to calculate it based
42294: This Python script reads from the file 'cgroup' and creates an associative array where each key is one of its values representing different categories or groups
42295: This function checks if the string "www" and body of response exist in one line using Python's builtin method 'not'.  If they
42296: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42297: If the provided argument isn'T of type Tuples or doesn’s contain any numerics then it will raise an error else return as string
42298: This function calculates the surface area of an ellipsoid with given radius and material properties, using spherical coordinates to calculate volume in one dimension only
42299: This function checks whether the input value can be considered as an empty array or not. If it's of type 'list', then check its length
42300: This Python function splits the input string into separate values using "," as separator, converts them to integer and returns in tuple format if successful
42301: This Python function adds the value of 'val' to every integer in an input list. If it encounters zero or noninteger values then returns them
42302: This Python function is designed to classify the results of an application into different categories based on certain conditions and rules defined by it's parameters - '
42303: This script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with source table names as keys. It also assigns the corresponding targets to these sources from 'test
42304: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42305: This Python function takes an input of 'target' and extends it with the string "extend" from another list. It uses while loop to iteratively
42306: This function checks the type of 'input' and returns it as output in different cases - integer case when input size already known; tuples/
42307: If the string "obj," contains ' token ', then extract and return its index.  Else, print an error message indicating that no such sub
42308: This Python script removes the first and last characters from string, splits it into list of strings by comma using split() function then converts each element
42309: This function returns the string format of an image digest.  It takes two parameters, account and imagedigit as input which are used to form
42310: Create dictionary with function, arguments and target information from the given JSON object 'job'. If there's no specific value provided it defaults to unknown or
42311: Checks if the string is not empty and contains only digits.  If so, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on whether
42312: This function calculates the difference between two RGB values and returns them as grayscale. The calculation is done by subtracting each color value from
42313: Attempts to get the weight of an object and returns it as integer if possible; otherwise return zero in case any error occurs during execution or attribute
42314: If the length of glyph is 1, return ASCII value less than 'space' character. Else it returns false or nothing depending on
42315: This Python function removes the trailing underscore from string variables if they end with an underline (_).  It then returns only part of that variable
42316: If 'None' object exists, return an empty dictionary. Else convert the input to Dictionary and then returns it as output – Code explanation in
42317: This Python function calculates the value of 't' in equation given by Zero_one formula and then returns it multiplied with input number,
42318: This function checks if the given coordinates are within valid range in x or y direction. It returns True when they're inside, otherwise False is returned
42319: This Python script calculates the cumulative probability of each element within an input list 'dist' and returns it as another array, which is also called
42320: If the value of 'Cell' is greater than five OR less tha one then return zero else calculate and store in dictionary with key as input from
42321: This Python function replaces all hyphens in the input 'strinng with underscores. If no such character is found, it leaves them
42322: This Python function checks if the input is not an empty string, then it verifies that all characters are unique. If both conditions hold true - returns
42323: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42324: This function calculates the difference between high and lower prices. If 'upper' is true, it returns an upward trending price change; otherwise return
42325: This function checks if the current input string is in enWiki format. It does so by checking whether it contains "enwikivoyant
42326: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42327: Checks if the correct values are set in environment variables and returns true, otherwise false based on whether an assertion error occurs or no such object exists with
42328: This Python function calculates the distance between two values using absolute difference and remainder. The result is an approximation of Euclidean Distance in 1D
42329: This Python function counts the number of elements that are less than or equal to some given 'value' within an array. It uses binary search, which
42330: This function groups rows and columns into three equal parts. The number of boxes is calculated by the formula "three times" group numbers plus one more than
42331: This Python function takes an input 'num' and returns the remainder of num divided by 7. If negative, it adds or subtracts to
42332: Sorts the list of tuples based on second element if 'reverse' parameter set to True, else sorts by first one; If no
42333: This Python script checks if there is any winning combination on the tic_tac_toe gameboard. If so, it returns that number
42334: This list contains the keys used to store and access different types of losses in training, testing or validation. The order is important as it determines which loss
42335: This Python function checks if the input variable 'is an integer' or not. If it isn’t then return false else true – one line
42336: This Python script calculates the start position of reads based on an input list 'cigar' where each item is represented as [position, length
42337: Checks if there's an element with type 'array'. If so, returns True. Otherwise False is returned indicating that no such array was found
42338: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence by using dictionary mapping to reverse transcription of each nucleotide and then joining them together into one string with
42339: This Python script generates list of warning messages from the sterr output generated by the vgci command on an array named 'tc'. The function starts
42340: This Python function tries to return the "UID", if it exists, otherwise returns 'None'. If an error occurs during execution due some other reason like
42341: This Python script is used to extract the ID from an Amazon Resource Name(ARN). It checks if ARN contains 'arn:/aws' or not
42342: This script creates and populates an empty list with the tuple representation of each dictionary from 'rules' using nested loops to iteratively extract key/value
42343: This Python function takes two 3D vectors as input and returns their cross product. The result is another vector of the same dimension which represents one edge
42344: This function returns the type of weighting used in an algorithm. If 'useErrors' is true, it will return that there has been errors;
42345: This function calculates the value of gamma, which is used in calculating various mathematical functions. The formula given here involves two parameters - 'alpha' and
42346: If the string 's' does not exist, return nothing; otherwise remove leading and trailing spaces from it before returning resultant value of r strip
42347: This function returns an emoji based on the percentage. If it's 98% or more, then return :-) if between [
42348: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42349: This Python function takes in an input sequence and returns the first element of that list as its 'suffix' while all elements except last one are concaten
42350: If no datetime object was passed, return the string 'Not Provided'. Otherwise convert and output it as text.  [END] Code Snip
42351: A simple response with status ok, message indicating connection is successful using php's built in hash mechanisms on len(str). The author states that back
42352: This Python script generates an array of ‘one’s divided by the number 'N' using list comprehension and python builtin function `range
42353: This Python function converts all the letters in an input string to their corresponding ASCII values when they are not part of any other character or number but
42354: This Python script attempts to set the values of 'Author', ‘Title’, and an optional reference string in dictionary named `'Data'.`
42355: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
42356: This Python function takes an input URL and checks if it ends with '/'. If so, removes the trailing slash from that string; otherwise adds
42357: If the number of retires is zero, returns 'zero'. Otherwise it raises an exponential to base two and multiplies by "two". The result
42358: This line of Python script returns the same result as using str(page).strip('0'). But it does not use any built in functions or methods
42359: This function returns the negative of its input if it's less than zero, otherwise just multiplies by itself.  It is used to make sure
42360: This function returns the value of 'x' based on its element. If it is equal to four, then return two; else check next condition and
42361: This line of Python script is creating two variables - 'file' and the URL to download PDB files from EBI using their unique identifier in string
42362: This Python function counts the number of times that 'x' is not equal to its last character. It does so by iterating over each element except
42363: A function that generates an include list based on the arguments. The argument is expected to be either 'p' or v', and it will generate ++
42364: This Python script creates an array of command line arguments based on the provided usernames and optional passcodes, which is used to run commands in
42365: This Python script attempts to access the "pet" key in dictionary 'Result' and then tries removing an item with its value being equal as string,
42366: This Python script creates an empty 3D list/array with dimensions 'm' x ''x'' where m is the number of rows and each
42367: This is an implementation of the binary shift operator in Python. It counts how many times it needs to perform bitwise right shifting until all bits are set
42368: This Python function counts the number of columns in an ASCII art text. It increments by 0 when it encounters newlines, and res
42369: This function checks if the first character of file name is either '.', which represents hidden files, and/or last char in string ends with tilde
42370: This function returns the string "Mouse_button command".  The input is '+' operator between two strings. It concatenates these with undersco
42371: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the items from nested lists using loops within looping constructs of python programming language –
42372: If the variable 'n' greater than 1, it will check whether or nor there are any open brackets in Python. Otherwise - returns True
42373: Return an error message and status of 'Not Found' when the requested resource is not found. This can be useful in web development to provide feedback about
42374: This line of the given Python function returns an element at index ‘p’ multiplied by 'X' and added to another value. The result
42375: This function calculates the max profit that can be made by buying and selling stocks. It takes an input list of stock prices as its argument; it
42376: This function converts the inputted 'text' to bold format. It wraps it in HTML tags <strong><\/\ strong> <\/ b
42377: If the input 'key' has both tuples and lists. Join them with dashes (-). Else return just "Not applicable".
42378: This function checks if the string 's' contains any of "%" or "\N, \a Invalid Input-" ,or ends with either syntax error
42379: This Python function generates an Laplacian of Gaussian filter using the given input 'numpy' array as its argument and returns it with dimensions
42380: If the length of 'Name' is more than 3 characters return first and last character otherwise just print Name. Code checks whether or not there are
42381: This function counts the number of digitis in an integer. If it's negative then we convert that to positive and count its digit otherwise just calculate
42382: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the data from input string by splitting on commas followed immediately after each comma is split into
42383: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
42384: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42385: This script generates chunks of GAM file IDs and processes them concurrently using the given list 'context'. The number `len` is
42386: This Python function returns the last part of an input string, which is essentially equivalent to 'dirname' in Unix/Linux command line utilities
42387: This function calculates the value of y = ax^3+bx^2c and returns it.  The coefficients are given as parameters to be
42388: This line of the program calculates and returns Euclidean distance between two points. The formula is derived from Pythagoras' theorem, which
42389: This Python script replaces all spaces in the string 'rng' with no space, then splits it into two parts at '-'. If there
42390: This Python function takes three inputs and returns the same outputs as long they are greater than 'threshold'. If not true it will return zero. The
42391: This function checks if the indices of all elements are unique within their respective rows. If they're, it adjusts them by an amount modulo
42392: This Python function calculates the sum of an array 'x' multiplied by each element from index to length and returns it as resultant value "
42393: This script generates the list of possible answers and selects one at random from them based on CQA data provided by user inputted question label key
42394: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns as is; otherwise converts and
42395: This function returns the color scheme based on input variable 'v'. It checks different conditions and assigns corresponding colorscheme. If none of these match
42396: This line of the given Python script calculates absolute value using built in function 'math.fab()' and assigns it to variable "a
42397: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
42398: This Python function creates an array that represents the index of each occurrence (- sign). If no occurrences are found, it returns - ‘None
42399: This Python script splits the given filepath into its individual parts and returns them as list of strings, excluding any empty string resulting from splitting operation
42400: This Python script opens the file named 'input' and writes to it line by column data from three lists of numbers using `zip` function combined together
42401: This Python script calculates the slope and y–coefficient of linear regression between two sets data points using numpy's built in functions to calculate
42402: This function takes as input an object of type dict, and returns the ISO 8601 formatted string representation. If any key 'key'
42403: This Python function splits the string 'i' into components based on its extension and returns one of two results, depending upon whether it ends with '.
42404: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on some given parameters, which is one part in solving equation with two variables and three terms using
42405: This line of Python script generates the URL to access an online BIder instance with your Jupyter Notebooks, linked by name and version
42406: This Python script is used to extract data from the JSON object. It iterates over "jsonData" and creates tuples of items with their
42407: This function calculates the value of an investment based on parameters. The formula is derived from financial mathematics and it's used to calculate future cash flows
42408: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as result of
42409: This Python script checks if the current file's directory starts with 'plugin.' and, If it does not start from there then returns its own name
42410: This function returns the maximum of two numbers. It first finds out which number is smaller and then takes that as minimum value to compare with other values in
42411: This function takes an input of 'word' and checks whether it starts with any given preffix or suffix; If yes then returns the rest part
42412: This Python function opens the file with given name and returns its content if it exists; otherwise return none or an error message depending on whether there is no
42413: Checks if the new software is newer than old. If it's, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what kind of
42414: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42415: This function takes two parameters, an URL and some data. It returns the concatenation of these in one line using "*". The first parameter is
42416: This Python function checks whether the input 'fuel' variable type in python and performs different operations based on its data structure ie., dictionary or not
42417: This function returns the opposite of what it's given, i.e., 'player X becomes an opponent in TicTacToes game
42418: This line of the Python script removes leading slash from string 'path'. It's used to make sure that relative paths are correctly resolved in different
42419: If either of the input parameters are not provided it returns 'None'. Otherwise calculates and return fragmented size in percentage as an integer value rounded to
42420: This Python function sorts the input list of integers and returns all elements that are more than 'threshold' away from their previous element, with no duplic
42421: This script generates the prefix, table and operation as per given inputs.  It returns them in one line separated by "-".  ```python Code is
42422: If the lengths of str1 and/or str3 are not equal, return false. Otherwise continue with comparison process...  [...]   else :
42423: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers, taking into account their respective weights. The result is then squared to ensure it's always positive
42424: If the length of 'descriptions' is more than 149 characters, truncates it to first part with three dots and returns.
42425: If the current color schemes have no specific colors defined or are empty then it will return to default ones else change them according given conditions – only when
42426: This Python function takes in an input list, lts and returns the same output as if it was run on that string of characters separated by spaces ('
42427: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42428: If the two rectangles overlap. 0<=sx_rectangle(coordinates), ex>e of rectangle[i] are given
42429: This function takes four lists of length 4 as input. If the lengths are all two each time it returns three values from these inputs in order;
42430: This script reads the RC codes from an input file, writes them to another outputfile and prints out some statistics about it. The first line of each
42431: Convert hours, minutes and seconds to total number of second(s). Code is written in Python. The function takes three parameters - hourly rate as
42432: This Python function checks if the number is divisible by 3 or not. If it's even, then return true; otherwise false and also
42433: This Python script sorts the list of object names in ascending order based on their corresponding values from another dictionary. 	Code is used to sort an
42434: This Python function checks the configuration of an application by its name, which is passed as input and returns it's value from within another dictionary structure named
42435: This function checks if the input 'x' is within an array defined as ```['NoRotation', ‘one hour’, ...]
42436: If both strings are empty, returns the other one. Else checks which of them is not and then gives that as output – otherwise it will
42437: This script creates an empty list and sets up variables. It then enters into the loop where it pushes current index to 'Available Stuf' until
42438: This function checks if the given array has any zeros. If it does then returns false else return true indicating that there is at least one non zero
42439: This Python function takes as input an array of strings and returns the same string, but with spaces between each word. If no argument is passed to it
42440: This function returns the part of URL after "https:" or starts with 'www.' and then everything else, if it's not starting from http
42441: This Python function takes an input number 'X' and returns the nearest integer value by rounding to either floor or ceiling depending on whether X is positive
42442: Creates an empty dictionary and assigns the value of "unit to display" key.  Returns it as attribute in form {'key': 'value
42443: This line of the program creates an object named 'place' that is composed by concatenating two strings, separated with space (' ', city), and ending
42444: This function checks whether the first character of each word is either '+', an underscore '_'. If it isn’t, then return false;
42445: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42446: This Python function filters out non alphanumeric and whitespace characters from the input string, leaving only digits as output symbols if they are present
42447: This line of the given Python script returns concatenated string with type and name fields.  The result is then used to create an object in another class
42448: This Python script checks if the string contains any of several keywords related to data types, such as 'ObjectID', integer/floats and boole
42449: This Python function calculates the normalized version of an input list 'xs'. The minimum value is subtracted from each element, and then divided by its
42450: This function calculates the standard deviation of an input list. It first sums all values in 'list' and then divides that sum by its length
42451: This Python function takes two quantum states as input and returns the result of adding them. The first element is simply added to both elements at position ‘
42452: If the receiver and transmitter are both zero, return an error of "100". Otherwise calculate relative distance as absolute value ((transmitters
42453: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
42454: This Python script calculates the hues of colors based on their RGB values and returns them as floats between [0;1]. The color'
42455: This function checks if the input 'x' can be interpreted as an integer or not by checking whether it’s of type string ‘str”
42456: This Python script sends HTTP requests to the LexiNexes API using OAuth 1 and returns response data in JSON format with minimal metadata enabled
42457: This python script finds the minimum number from an input list of lists. The variable 'a' is expected to be given as argument and it returns one
42458: This program calculates the volume of cuboid using three dimensions.  The user inputs are used to calculate and display their result in cubic units, if
42459: Returns the first character of 'nick' string.  It is used to get initials from names or any other strings that have only one word
42460: This function checks if the given string is equal to either of two predefined strings. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False
42461: This script checks whether the submit object exists within an instance of 'json' and returns true or false. If it does exist, then return TRUE;
42462: A function that creates and returns an empty dictionary with the specified parameters. The "None" value is used to represent missing values, 0 or False
42463: This Python function generates two lists based on the binary representation of an integer mask and returns them as output from one line only if they are not None or
42464: This function calculates the derivative of an input value 'y' in terms ‘x’, which is equivalent to calculating how much one unit changes
42465: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the dictionary created by zipping these inputs together using keys from first list to values of second one respectively
42466: This function checks the file extension of an input string and returns different strings based on its type. If it's not recognized, then 'Not Def
42467: This Python function calculates the sum of coefficients with respect to an input 'x'. The result is returned as "Y".  It uses list comprehens
42468: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the input 'a' and returns it. The operation is performed in four stages, each stage performing different types
42469: If the team is zero, returns one. Otherwise it will always be negative and thus returning an error value (-1). This function does not do anything
42470: This Python function calculates the value of an equation using Newton's method to find roots in one variable with multiple variables and it uses recursion as
42471: This Python function swaps the bases of DNA sequence by replacing each base with its complementary one in 's'.  It does not consider any other
42472: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then populates it with key/values from the given FHIR resource. The keys are "User",
42473: This function returns the path to users' home directory in dsLocal.  It is used by some applications that use DSConfigSetNode() and related
42474: If the string '.', exists, return it as is; otherwise create and returns an interpolated configuration file path with its name given by variable `name
42475: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
42476: Checks if the file "<Dist>.py" is present in directory <Dist+"./lib/">  and returns True or False based
42477: This function checks whether the given string is one of three keywords that are used to control layout behavior. If it's any, then return true;
42478: This function attempts to remove an element 'item' if it exists within the list. If found, removes and returns true; otherwise false is returned with
42479: “Creates erratum and reference objects in the database before populating them with data”   }}}}}}' -> '{"_id
42480: This function checks if the given 'value' exists within list and removes it, returning true or false accordingly based on whether found/not Found respectively after
42481: A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it. If there are multiple such longests, return all."   }
42482: This line of the script splits each tab character in 'row data' into separate elements, creating an array or list with these values as individual items
42483: This function checks if the string contains at least one digit from ‘digit range’. It does so by checking each character of an iterable
42484: This Python script is used to extract specific data from the given dictionary and join them into one string separated by spaces using list comprehension, if these keys
42485: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
42486: Checks if two numbers are the same modulo N. If they're, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on whether there
42487: This script is used to convert the input string into an array of characters. The loop iterates over each character 'X' from "text" and
42488: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the intersection of these “pr” pressure levels. The first list is considered to be "press
42489: This Python script checks two strings, and returns the concatenation of them with an optional third parameter. If either or both are empty it will return another
42490: This Python function takes in two lists, one of integers and the other is an empty string or None type; it returns another integer array by replacing "[
42491: This Python function takes as input the list of paths, and returns another lists with each sublist containing only two elements from every original element within those different
42492: This line of the function checks if all unique bid ids in 'specifications' are present within another list, represented by "unique_bidd
42493: This Python function returns the difference between two matrices. The first and second matrix are inputted, each element of which is subtracted from another correspondingly
42494: This line of the script calculates how much time is left until reaching or surpassing an objective. It does so by multiplying 'passed'
42495: This line of the given Python script is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves dividing 'UID' by ('number in range', which
42496: If the `outfile` option isn't provided, it defaults to '.'/’s index file; otherwise returns that value as an output
42497: This Python script appends "-" to the shorter elements of 'newRows' until they reach maximum length, then it returns these modified lists as "
42498: This piece of Python script calculates the difference between two lines in 3D space. The differences are calculated by subtracting corresponding points from each other
42499: If the characters are equal, add it to ```CommonPrefix```. Else break and return current value of Common Prefix – Python Code
42500: This line of the Python function checks if 'child' string starts with same characters as in parent, returning True or False accordingly based on that condition and
42501: This Python script checks whether the inputs to create an area calculation are valid. It raises errors when these conditions aren't met and only accepts input that
42502: This Python script generates an array of values that represent the reciprocal ratio between 0 and k with incrementing numbers starting from two to 'k
42503: If no check provided, then raise an error. Otherwise return the value of "check" variable as it was set to "-1", which means that
42504: This Python function adds elements to the 'tags' dictionary based on their type and value when given an input of either lists or dictionaries with strings as
42505: This function returns an empty string if the document is either null/empty and contains only spaces at its end. Otherwise it removes all characters from beginning of
42506: This function scales the input x from range [0, 1] to output y with given min/ max values. The formula is derived by using
42507: Checks whether the given variable 'is symbolic' or not based on its type and content – it returns true when symbol otherwise false; also checks
42508: This line of Python script checks whether the variable 'h' holds an instance that can be iterated over. If it does and its type matches to
42509: This line of the given Python script converts all characters in 'digest' to lowercase using .upper().  It is used as an example
42510: This Python function filters out the fields that are not present within an input dictionary. It only keeps those keys which exist as defined by 'valid' list
42511: This function returns the negative values of x-, y_, z_- and w.  It is used to negatively scale all variables in an array or
42512: This Python function takes four parameters and returns the coordinates of an object in 0D space. The first two are used to define its position while other
42513: This function checks if every element of the dictionary 'r' is present at least as many times ‘as’ it appears on its key from another
42514: This function converts milliseconds to hours and minutes. It does so by dividing the input time in ms into three parts - seconds part of
42515: If the url contains specific keywords, return false. Otherwise it returns true based on whether or not all required parameters are present within that URL string –
42516: This python function calculates the cost per recipient. It takes in two parameters, 'total\_Cost' and '\_\_.\__'. The calculation
42517: This function converts bytes to KB/ MB or GB based on the size. It uses Python's built in round() and string formatting functions
42518: This Python function raises an error when the keys do not exactly align between two dictionaries, then it multiplies each key's value from both dictionary
42519: This Python script iterates over the keys of 'searchDict' and checks if any value is present within each dictionary. If it finds such,
42520: ") and first_lien[0] == "import" or not(cell['metadata'].get'return') else 'not implemented yet'.
42521: This Python function calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using their coordinates, given as parameters and returns that value along
42522: This function checks whether the password contains three successive characters that are in ascending order. If it does, then return true; otherwise false is returned
42523: This script checks the states of two events and returns one event based on which is found. If both are equal, it will return that same result as
42524: This Python function calculates the Precisions and Recalls of an algorithm using TP/TP+FP as well FP. It then computes F
42525: This line of Python script converts the RGB tuple into string format.  It uses map() to convert each element in an iterable object and str
42526: This line of the given Python script splits each word in "doc" by spaces and joins them back together with space as separator using join()
42527: This Python script splits the input string into hour/minute and second parts if they exist in it; otherwise returns total number of secs as is
42528: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value that represents how many available IP addresses are currently assigned to your network.  The "subnetwork
42529: Converts the first word of each line to lowercase, and returns corresponding string if it starts with any given prefixes; otherwise return 'none
42530: This Python function splits the input string into two integers using 'in' operator to check whether it contains an integer or not and returns them as t
42531: This function returns the hexadecimal representation of an input number.  It uses Python's built in "format" and "%X". The
42532: This function checks if the first value is less than or equal to second, then it also verifies that both values are greater/equal in order.
42533: Calculates the initial barometric level based on sea surface height and atmospheric density at given altitude, using an approximation of 10% correction
42534: A Python dictionary with the given parameters.  The 'D' in dict stands as an abbreviation of Dictionary and it is used to represent dictionaries
42535: This function checks whether the file name ends with ".ja",".jav"," .aJ"(case insensitive). If it does, then return true
42536: This line of the Python script replaces ". . ." with ".\r". It is used to replace two consecutive dots in tab separated values files
42537: If three lists are given, checks whether they have equal lengths and then calculates their difference. Otherwise it raises an error message stating that these inputs should
42538: If the input 'None' or not, return it as output; otherwise convert to lower case and split by "in" into address part of string
42539: This function takes in an array of two elements, multiplies the first element by ten and adds to it. The result is returned as one number with
42540: This function calculates the probability of an event based on its certainty value, which is then subtracted from another given number to get final resultant
42541: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in 'bidding' that have an "bid" with matching value to ```bi```.
42542: This Python function calculates the offset and scale factor between two sets of data. The 'offset' is calculated as difference in second elements from both arrays
42543: This Python script creates and returns an empty list, then adds to it the constraint of not liking any location from 'deploy' with another specified
42544: This Python function splits the string 't_str' into list of substrings at each occurrence found in character/string ‘t\_character
42545: If the 'axes' parameter of an object A in Python does not exist or its value equals to -1 then it returns True and zero as
42546: This Python script is used to filter out the remote I/O statuses from an input data set, and then concatenates them into one string separated
42547: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two conditions. If 'X' is greater than or equal to 0 but less then `
42548: This Python function checks whether two numbers are equal or not. If the first number is less than zero it changes its sign; similarly with second one but
42549: This line of the function returns true if _id is less than given percentage. The value returned depends on modulo operation between id and percentile,
42550: Throws an error when the length of string is not between one and ten.   [Done]    Status Code : OK - The function works as
42551: This line of the given Python script checks if there are any columns in 'dss_schame' that have type "geopoinnt".
42552: This program calculates the desired output based on user input. The difference between 'high' and lower limit is calculated, then half of that value becomes
42553: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase if it matches one of two specific models, and returns that model name otherwise; else return original
42554: This Python script reads source definitions from the input string and calculates their weights based on those defintions using an assumed method of normalizing by div
42555: "A function that takes an array of integers and returns the sum"  }.freeze, :return_type => 'Integer'}) do
42556: This Python function takes as input the list of dictionaries 'SubPorts' and returns another dictionary with port ids mapped to their segmentation type &
42557: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42558: A function that creates an empty dictionary with two keys and one value of `None` type using the given number as its length to create 'size'
42559: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42560: This Python function returns the range of numbers between two given values, v_min and ​Vmax. The floor() is used to round down
42561: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42562: This function normalizes the input value to be between 0 and one, with 'low' as lower limit. The normalization is done by subtracting
42563: If the first input is zero, it will simply output or "return" second one.  This makes use of conditional logic to handle different scenarios in
42564: This Python function splits the request URL by "/" to get domain name, then it further divides that into two parts based on ':' symbol
42565: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42566: This function calculates the value of 'x' in terms with respect to an initial condition. It uses recursion and memoization techniques where it
42567: This Python script replaces all occurrences of keys from the dictionary with their corresponding values using .str replace() method and returns resulting modified text as
42568: This line of Python script calculates the probabilities based on given dataset. The list 'probs' is created by dividing each element within our input
42569: If the power and number are not provided, it raises an error. Otherwise calculates result as per given formula – in other word performs multiplication operation
42570: This function takes in the string 'name' as input, checks if it starts with an underscore ("_") or ends by another "_", then
42571: This function changes the direction of rotation based on input string 'How'. If it's left, then rotates to right; if its centerd
42572: This function returns the first element of list that contains 'string' as its subscript. If no such elements exist, it will return an empty String
42573: This Python function checks whether an input `object` can be considered as valid json format by checking the type of it firstly using 'type' method
42574: This function checks if there is at least one "opened_by": value present within the 'freshmen' dictionary. If so, it
42575: Converts nested objects to dictionaries using recursion if they are of type 'str', dictionary ('list' and/or other collections like t
42576: This Python function calculates the importance of features based on their values and returns them along with its corresponding names ordered by descending order according to these import
42577: Removes all keys with value None from the dictionary and returns it as result of function execution._  [END SUMMARY].  ```python_def
42578: This Python function converts the input to string using different types of conversions based on its type in an efficient way with one line only and without any
42579: This Python script generates the list of all possible combinations between two elements from different lists. The first element is taken as 'fa', and it's
42580: This Python script flattens the nested dictionary into one level deep by merging keys with an underscore separator, and returns it as output of
42581: This Python function takes an input list of integers, converts them into strings and concatenates the result. The last character is removed to avoid trailing
42582: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of tuples. The keys are node numbers as specified by
42583: This Python function calculates the molecular weight of two compounds in grams per mole by using precalculated values from their respective chemical formulas and then conver
42584: This function calculates the total of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to perform operation and returns result as output which is also
42585: This function checks whether the given string is longer than 127 characters. If it's true, then returns False; otherwise True or an
42586: This Python function calculates the average of two lists' products minus one half their summation and then takes absolute value to ensure it is always positive due
42587: A simple Python function that checks if 'x' is divisible by any number from 2 to sqrt('y'). If it finds such an
42588: This function converts the given string to its decimal equivalent. If it's equal with zero, returns Zero; else return one in case of
42589: This line of Python script removes all the dots from an input string 'x'.  It does not affect any non-"dot" characters in that particular
42590: This function returns the coordinates of two points in 3D space. The first and second elements are x, y values respectively while third element is z
42591: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
42592: This Python function splits the input string into individual "Words" and then returns length of smallest one, which is also known as 'Shortes
42593: This function checks the input 'Value' and replaces it with its minimum or maximum limit. If Value is less than Min_, then replace by MIN
42594: If the given `object` is present as an attribute of another dictionary, return true. Else print error message and skip that particular entry from processing
42595: This Python function returns the part of inputted 'string' after '/'. If there is no slash, it simply return whole "input" as
42596: This Python function strips leading and trailing whitespace from the input string, checks if it contains any of certain characters (" ", : , /), raises
42597: This function calculates the value of an option with delta=0.1, rho = −β^3/9 and Vega=
42598: This Python function checks whether the latitude of an object is greater than or less. If it's more then 'pass', else not pass and
42599: This Python script generates an array of zeros, if the length is less than 'sequence maximum' then it appends extra zeroes to make its
42600: If the parameter is an array, it will return 'appends' otherwise returns either store or append. 1/3 of all requests are to
42601: This Python script converts the input text to lowercase, splits it into individual strings and then capitalizes each first letter of every single sentence/
42602: Merge the dictionary "{'created': 'time'}" into existing information. If there is already an entry with that key in `information` then
42603: Attempts to convert the given object into Float 1.0 and returns it if successful; otherwise throws an error with message "obj isn
42604: This Python function calculates the quotient and remainder of two numbers. It uses Euclidean division algorithm to calculate it which is more efficient than regular subt
42605: This line of Python script returns the unique elements in an inputted 'list' or set.  It uses builtin functions to remove duplicates from
42606: This Python script uses regular expressions to replace special characters in the variable 'irename'. The function `re` is imported, and then three functions are
42607: This Python function calculates the mean motion of an object in terms per year, given its position at epoch and time since that ephemeris'
42608: If the input 'seed' isn’t provided, it returns nothing. Otherwise，it adds ‘+ one to return as output'. This function
42609: This python function converts an integer to binary representation. It takes the length of 'binary' list and input number as parameters; it returns that array
42610: This Python function splits the string into three separate components using '/', converts them to integers and checks if they are within valid ranges; then returns
42611: This is an example of using Python's builtin function to convert string into integer. The variable 'h', which initially has 1, then
42612: This line of the Python script checks whether 'name' is equal to either string value, ie., layer norm and also starts with an exact match
42613: If both inputs are True or False respectively return the second input. Otherwise do nothing with either of them returning 'None'.  Code explanation is not provided
42614: This function calculates the square of prediction minus target. It's used in regression models to measure how well our model is performing by comparing predicted values
42615: This function returns an string that includes the Serrano 1049. Error Code in its message formatting, which is ${variable
42616: This script splits the 'labels' list by each slash and returns only second element of split strings.  It is used to get just fil
42617: This function converts an integer to its equivalent floating point number, and then checks if the result is indeed of type 'float'. If it's
42618: This line of Python script returns the message passed to it, but with an escape sequence that changes its color from green. The actual effect is similar as
42619: This script calculates the average of nonempty list 'elements'. It also stores all values from that element into another array named "nonEmpty". The
42620: This function takes an argument and returns the same value. It's just doing something simple with it, but not much else to do here as we
42621: This line of the given C++ function returns 'target' and then performs an AND operation with ‘~((bit << 30))’.
42622: This Python function takes an input list 'input' and returns another output array where each element is the square of its corresponding index from original "output"
42623: This Python function copies the elements of 'next' list to another dictionary, but only if they are present within base dict and does so by creating new
42624: This function takes an array of strings and returns the longest one. If there are multiple such ones, it will only consider first 10 characters to
42625: This function checks whether the given string is either 'O' or starts with an hyphen followed by two dashes. If it does not meet these
42626: This function counts the number of cells with 'mark' on an n x m gameboard. It uses list comprehension to iteratively check each element
42627: This program checks the gender of an inputted name. If it's 'M', return “He”, else check whether its female or
42628: This Python function calculates the number of "moves", “pushed” and returns total count. It takes three parameters - 'score',
42629: If the input 'None' or an empty string, return true; otherwise split and strip arguments from strings separated by commas into list of individual elements
42630: This Python script creates an empty JSON object, then fills it with the required data. The final output is returned as Json string format by function "return
42631: This Python function calculates the modified version of an inputted Flux value, which is then returned as 'newFluxx'. The calculation involves
42632: This script checks if the request id is on an explicit list of banned IDs. If it'is, then return false; otherwise true or
42633: This line of the given Python function calculates precision, which is defined as TP divided by all positive samples.  It's used to measure
42634: This script generates the list of all Image Transform Classes from Python's builtin modules, which are subtypes/subranges that inherit methods
42635: This line of the script retrieves an "action index" from its current state, or sets it to 0 if not present in that dictionary and
42636: Returns True if the two slots are equal, False otherwise.  Code is checking whether or not both variables 'slot' and their corresponding values ('
42637: This function returns the order data of an item.  It takes in two parameters, 'item' and "order". If both are provided it will
42638: This Python function calculates the total gain and loss from an array of changes. It iteratively checks each change value; if it's positive then
42639: This Python function takes an argument list and splits each one into two parts using the '==' operator, then assigning to dictionary based on whether
42640: Returns an error message and status of 'Not Found' when requested URL is invalid. This can be used to prevent the user from accessing unauthor
42641: This Python script loops through the list of possible types that can be returned by an object, and if it finds one which isn't `None`
42642: This function is used to generate the binary representation of an array. The input 'Blades' are represented as integers, and each integer represents one element
42643: This is an implementation of the Bellman equation, which updates values in table 'Q' based on current state and action. The reward signal helps to
42644: This function returns the type of tags if it exists, otherwise 'None'.  It checks whether or not there is an array tag in parameters and then
42645: This function returns the value of word in label dictionary divided by total values from all labels' dictionaries and if it doesn’t exist then default to
42646: This function returns an empty string when the input is 0 or less, otherwise it append 'es' to make sure there are no trailing vow
42647: This function checks if the number is prime. It does so by dividing it with all numbers from 3 to sqrt(N). If N
42648: This function takes in one argument 'str' and returns the same string or an integer/float depending on whether it can be converted to either type without
42649: This function calculates the predicted output using linear regression model.  The input feature is multiplied by slop and added to an initial value of '
42650: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm. It then multiplies that result by 'b'.
42651: If the list is empty, return an empyt array.  Otherwise continue with processing as normal...   Code continues here ... else part of function
42652: If the second character of `move` is "pa" then return none, else convert position to uppercase letter numbering system with no spaces or
42653: This function checks if the file path ends with one of several extensions, case insensitive and returns True or False accordingly based on whether it matches at least
42654: If the string's length is 1, it returns that single character. Otherwise nothing happens and an error message will be returned as "Error".
42655: This Python script is used to filter out the publication objects that do not have an 'Year' field and replace it with ‘default’ value of
42656: This Python function counts the number of differences between two sequences. It compares each pair from 'zip'. If both characters are not equal to "-"
42657: This function returns the same string as input, but with all occurrences of ':', which is replaced by three tilde characters. It's
42658: This line of the script creates two sets, rule_set and portlist from input dictionaries 'rule' 0 to n times where each dictionary
42659: Increments the value of 'i' by 1 and returns its previous state. This is similar to incrementing an index in programming languages like Python
42660: This Python function increments the value of 'n' by one, until it reaches or exceeds another number. The loop continues as long there is still
42661: This function initializes two dictionaries with default values and returns them as the output of an IF statement checker in Python programming language which checks whether these
42662: This Python function calculates the value of 'x' multiplied by 1.3 times its square plus one, where "n" is an
42663: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The result is then normalized to fall within 3 standard deviations from zero
42664: This Python script replaces the names of some columns with prefixes and suffix, based on another dictionary provided as 'dict' argument to function "fields
42665: This Python function checks if an input string is in DAE format or any other supported extensions and returns true/false accordingly based on that condition; otherwise
42666: This line of Python script returns the same result as input string s, but with escape sequences used to change text color and background.  The colors are
42667: This function returns the list of numbers from one to three. It's an example in Python programming language using simple and direct syntaxes like lists comprehens
42668: This script takes an input string and removes the newline characters (\r or \t). It also replaces '<' with '' in order to
42669: This Python function tries to convert the input into either `True` or 'False'. If it's already one of these two values, then return
42670: This Python function checks if all elements of the dictionary `d` are present as keys, values or both. If not it returns False else return true
42671: This Python script checks the operating system and returns either its command line tool path or an empty string depending on whether it's running in POSIX
42672: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with two lists. The first list is filled by the lengths of each chromsome's positions
42673: This line of the given Python function returns 'dout' multiplied by ‘x’ and then divided with another variable named as "OUT".
42674: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on its power and uses recursion to calculate each term separately if necessary using Binomial
42675: This python function adds two numbers and returns the result.  It's simple, easy to understand but not very efficient in terms of performance or memory
42676: This piece of Python script attempts to access the "port" dictionary and then tries accessing its nested keys. If it can't find any key,
42677: This line of the function returns whether or not length nt_seq is divisible by three with remainder one. It checks if there are any remaining
42678: This function returns the number of rows and columns in an array. It is used to get dimensions from numpy arrays or other data structures that have row
42679: This Python script converts an integer into its individual digits and returns them as list of integers, which is then printed out to the console or returned
42680: This script checks the file extension of an inputted filename and returns nothing or some text based on whether it's either .rmd, '.MD
42681: This line of the function returns all characters from start to before last character in string.  It is used when we want only part or subpart as
42682: This line of the function returns half each element in an input list.  It'll be used to scale down images or other data that are too
42683: This Python function replaces all occurrences of '\t' with ' ', and returns the modified string, which is now in lowercase form as
42684: This function checks the name of simulation and returns corresponding model. If no match is found, it simply return input as output which can be used to identify
42685: This Python function splits the input string into red/gree and blu values in hexadecimal format using RGB color model by dividing
42686: If the command line argument is two elements long, starts with "-" character or has more than one element then return an array of ['command', '
42687: Checks if the choices of player 3 and Player X are either both equal to zero or one, respectively. If so it returns true; otherwise
42688: Skip packages that do have 'Vendor' information.  If the package does, use it to create unique key and add license info into dictionary
42689: This Python function checks whether the input object "is instance of" either 'str' class. If it does then returns that value else raises an error
42690: This Python function checks whether the string contains ':', and then separates it into two parts based on its position using find() method of python's
42691: This function returns the coordinates of two points on an axis. The orientation can be either top or bottom and determines where to place these lines within your drawing
42692: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns an integer value that represents how many times fs is multiplied by "time size" divided in
42693: Code is used to create a new instance of the class 'MyClass' and initialize it with some values. The method returns an object that can be
42694: This function checks if there are any empty or 'no preferences' values left after processing the dictionary of users’ preferred settings, returning True only when they
42695: A function that returns the 'FormSet' and its associated list of Forms.  The two are returned as JSON objects in Python Django framework
42696: This Python script generates an array of dictionaries. Each dictionary represents the AWS region and its corresponding description with type set to 'Datacenter'. The
42697: This Python script deletes the "_ids" and "passwords", leaving only user names, returning cleaned result.  The function is used to clean
42698: This Python script creates an empty 'set' and then iterates over the input list, checking if each element is already present within it or not using
42699: This function checks whether the input 'is instance of' and returns false when it isn’t an string or starts with double underscore " __"
42700: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'dim' is an odd number. If it isn’t, then increments "cycles"
42701: This is the result of adding 10 to 'd' and then multiplying by three. The final output will be one digit number from range
42702: If the input 'value', return NULL, else check type of option and perform different actions based on that; otherwise escape single quotes in string values to
42703: This Python function checks if two dictionaries contain the same information about an IP security group rule. It does so by comparing each key in one dictionary to
42704: This function prints out "Hello [Name], and then multiplies the input by 100" in Python. The result is returned as output
42705: This script generates an output string of all the notes from each comment. The result is then saved to file as "output".txt using write() function
42706: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns remainder when 'lon' is divided by three. If it results in negative number, then add
42707: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just returning the string "".  This can be used to handle situations where no data needs
42708: This function checks if the input string 'stripped' contains one or several phrases from an array. If it does, then returns True; otherwise False
42709: If the variable 'tc' does either do nothing and return "None" when it doesn’s exist.  Otherwise check whether its type of value
42710: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. If no element is present, it will raise ValueError exception with message "The list has
42711: This function checks if the given character is in one of certain letters. The characters that are checked can be any alphabetical and numeric combination,
42712: This function returns the negative of each element in three lists.  It's used to reverse sign, or flip values if they are positive/negative
42713: This function takes in the string 'documentation' and returns it with any leading or trailing whitespace removed, as well removing both instances of strings
42714: This function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula is derived from cross product and dot products which are used to calculate areas in
42715: This Python function calculates the position of tiles in an image. The size and scale are defined by 'tile' parameters which is set to
42716: This function calculates the guidefield's strenght and distance between two ribbons. The strengths are calculated as 1 - dist/max
42717: This function returns the string "]}{" followed by n number of '}' characters and then 8194 bytes in hexadecimal
42718: This Python function calculates an interpolation factor 'Y' based on three given values, with conditions to check if these are in ascending order or
42719: This function returns the index of an element in arr, but it only works when 'i' is within range. If not inside array bounds then return
42720: This Python function takes as input an RNA sequence, and returns the corresponding DNA transcription. It uses dictionary mapping to convert each base pairing from
42721: This function reads the contents of an .CTI file and returns it as string.  The returned data is then written to another textfile with name
42722: This function checks if the file ends with .python, which is either ".pickle" and "~", but never both".  It returns
42723: This Python script sorts the dictionary by last used time of each session and returns it as list with dictionaries containing keys 'session' & their corresponding values
42724: This function will return the input 'func' argument, unless it returns `None`. If no such thing exists and there are arguments provided to be
42725: This Python script sorts an array of intervals and then creates points based on the positions within those interval boundaries to represent open/closed time periods with more than
42726: If the first variable is not equal to 'a' or ‘b’ then assign it. Otherwise check if second one isn;t either of
42727: This function checks whether the input number is less than or equal to one. If it's not then check its divisibility by two and three
42728: This Python function flattens the given nested lists into one single level using recursion and builtin functions like extend().  The flatterned elements
42729: If the given input is equal to our desired output, it returns True. Otherwise False or an error message depending on what happens in case of exception handling
42730: This Python function calculates the number of times an integer value is divisible by another. It does so using floor division and then multiplies it with
42731: This Python function calculates the accuracy of two sequences by comparing them elementwise. It returns an average value between 0 and +inf where higher values
42732: This Python function calculates the FIBONACCI sequence. It uses two variables, 'fib' and its previous values to calculate each new
42733: This line of Python script cleans the list 'names' by removing leading and trailing whitespace from each element using strip(). The cleaned version is stored
42734: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
42735: If the second person is younger, return 'The Second Person Is Younger'. Else it returns whether they are of equal age. Otherwise - Return
42736: This Python function tries to clean up the last character of each line in an input string. It does so by checking if that particular sequence is at one
42737: If there are no reference texts, return zero. Else check the hypothesis against all possible refs and calculate their similarity as percentage of total number compared
42738: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42739: If the input 'message' isn’t provided, return an empty list. Otherwise process it and store any errors in ‘errList'. Return
42740: This Python function converts an input number into its integer and fractional parts. The magnitude is rounded to the nearest whole value using built in functions int
42741: This Python function checks if all characters of the input are unique, ignoring case and spaces/dashes/_underscores used as delimiters
42742: This function counts the number of times each value appears within an array, then removes all instances where that same element is found at two different positions simultaneously or
42743: This script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'winners' object and appends each player’ s raw username to our new one
42744: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in an input string "IP" by using map and str functions to convert them into strings before joining
42745: Throws an error when the number 'num' provided as input in function call isn’t large enough. “Column” refers specifically referring here
42746: This line of the given Python script splits string 'c' by parentheses and returns only part after first opening bracket, without any surrounding
42747: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42748: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just returning the string "".  This can be used to handle situations where no data needs
42749: This script creates an empty dictionary called 'serialsettings' and populates it with the keys from another list of strings, named "settingKeys
42750: This Python function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing characters from both ends of strings and moving towards center
42751: This function returns the string 'name_' concatenated with input parameter.  It is used to create unique names based on user inputs in Python programming
42752: This function checks if the last character of username is numeric. If it isn’t, returns false; otherwise true or else part “else
42753: This function checks if every row or column of the given 3x4 matrix is filled with zeros. If so, it returns true; otherwise
42754: This function checks the state of nuclear reactor based on its current conditions and returns one out 3 possible states ("Low",	"Normal") depending upon
42755: This line of Python script converts an array into dictionary. The input is two elements at the same time, and it creates pairs from these values to
42756: A function that filters out the machines which are filtered by another machine in its list of switches – using Python's builtin 'lambda', and
42757: This function calculates the minimum of two numbers, 'h' and an offset value. The result is then added to another number in order not only
42758: This Python script splits each string element of the list 'trace' into separate elements using '-'. The result is stored as another two dimensional array,
42759: This function returns the number of digits in num. It does so by converting 'int' to string and then getting its length which is also known
42760: This Python function generates the shortest possible route between two nodes using Dijkstra's algorithm on an adjacency list representation of graph where
42761: This function returns the string 'Icon ${APP ID}' where APP IS replaced with app id.  It's used to generate an icon
42762: This Python function converts the input string to CammelCase. It checks each character in an upper case letter, and adds it into output as is
42763: Generates one line string with xmlrpc uri formatting – http protocol, followed by server's IP or domain name/hostname ,
42764: This function calculates the luminance of an RGB color by applying certain formulas and then checks if it's less than or equal to 8%
42765: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
42766: If the value of 'ca', which is supposed to be infinity, then calculate and return some other number; otherwise it returns zero as default output in
42767: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two position vectors p and 𝑐 using numpy's vectorized operations, which
42768: This function checks the type of 'float' or any other data types. If it’s ‘not nan nor inf” then return as normal
42769: This function converts the input string to lowercase if it is 'Core' and returns ‘(code_return value ,prof)' otherwise
42770: This Python function calculates the minimum difference between consecutive elements of an array 'n' if it is less than or equal to one. If not then
42771: This function returns the "_id" and "taxonomies".  It's used to get data from an API. The returned value is in
42772: This function scales the score by subtracting its minimum value and dividing it with maximum difference, then normalizes to be between [-1.0 ,
42773: This line of the given Python script returns all elements in an input list except its last one.  It's similar to slicing but without using
42774: This script reads data from the file, and creates an empty array called "newnumbers" to store lines that start with each word of '
42775: A dictionary of parameters with keys and values.  Parameters are defined as constants in the program that do not change their value throughout execution but can be
42776: This line of the given Python script is setting two variables, "code" and 'message". The values are being assigned from respective keys in dictionary.
42777: This script is used to clean the given python function and convert it into one line if possible, else leave as original formatting in case of failure or
42778: This function checks whether the input value 'is_str' or not. If it’s string type then return that same as output else an empty
42779: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from n to m. It uses mathematical formulae and returns an Int32 value, which is then
42780: If the lengths of two lists are not equal then return false. Otherwise check each pair and see whether they match; otherwise it returns true as all elements
42781: This function checks if the string contains any numeric characters. If it does, returns true; otherwise false is returned and an error message will be printed
42782: Checks if the object 'obj' belongs to class/type. If it does then returns True else False based on conditions given in function body
42783: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
42784: This line of the given Python script splits an input string by ":" and returns two items, first is integer part from left side which represents number
42785: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values from 'data' list. The keys are tuples of two elements,
42786: This Python function calculates the square root of an inputted integer and returns it as its largest possible value, rounded up to nearest whole positive int if
42787: This Python function checks whether the input numbers are both integers, then it raises an error message when they're not. If one of them is even
42788: This Python script splits the list of TOR Names into individual characters, then converts them to integers and sorts these numbers alphabetically using python
42789: This line of the Python script removes trailing slash from string 'value' and returns it, stripping off any remaining characters after '/'.
42790: If the number of items is more than or equal to one million, return half. Else it returns ten times what's left after checking conditions
42791: This function calculates the column and rows of an index in base 36. It uses modulo operation to get remainder, then divides by
42792: Generates list of keys from the report message's 'rptArtifactMsg'.  This is done by iterating over each item within that
42793: This script converts the string to lowercase, replaces certain strings with other ones if they exist and then returns it as output – all done
42794: If the value in variable 'a' is less than that of another, it adds 1 hour to one’s current clock and returns its new
42795: This function checks whether the given number is even or not. If it's 0, then return "Zero". Else check with modulo
42796: This Python function checks whether the input 'name' variable has been assigned to be either of type string or pathlib.Path object and returns it with
42797: This Python function checks whether the string 'path', contains any slash ('/'). If it does, then split by each forward and backward Slashes
42798: This Python function returns the coordinates of an element in binary representation. The first part checks if it's white by using bitwise AND with 'is
42799: This Python function retrieves the first nonempty string from an object's property if it exists; otherwise returns 'None'. The input is assumed to
42800: This function calculates the ratio of two quantities, q and r. The first quantity is multiplied by 'p' which represents some constant value that
42801: This function returns whether or not the variable 'name' is of type var.  It does so by checking if there are any characters before and after
42802: This script is designed specifically with the intent of performing Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol data manipulation. It takes an input message and performs various operations on
42803: This Python function calculates the internal energy of an object with given properties and returns it along other calculated quantities in tuple format as per problem statement's
42804: This function performs the Fast Fourier Transform on an array of complex numbers, with specified precision and length. It also calculates confidence intervals using Stoch
42805: This function calculates the value of an energy consumption model based on previous data and current inputs such as precipitation rate or average daily temperature etc., with
42806: This Python script creates and returns the string representation of dictionary values with 3 decimal places using list comprehension method on keys from given dict object 'd
42807: This line of the given Python script calculates and stores in 'duration' variable, which is calculated by subtracting first element from last.  It
42808: Checks whether the calculated value and its corresponding 'Expected' values are equal. If not it prints an error message with description of what was done wrong
42809: This line of the given Python script checks whether proc_datum variable contains string data. If it does not contain any such information then convert that to
42810: Returns the value of "_input_has" in document "doc". If it exists, returns its current hashed version. Otherwise -1 or an
42811: This function checks whether the given object 'is instance of string' and returns true/False based on that condition; If it’s not an actual
42812: This function splits the input string into sections, checks if it's either of two specific keywords ("Limit", etc.), then append to query list
42813: This function checks whether the given conditions are met. If both 'x' is positive, but not negative or vice versa; it returns true when
42814: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
42815: This function calculates the value of k and returns it. The formula is derived from LN(log10((x+y)/z))
42816: This function converts binary numbers to their equivalent decimal form. If the input is “not” or empty, it returns that value as well;
42817: If the number of items up to date is equal or greater than target capacity, return false. Otherwise - true – indicates that there are still room
42818: This piece of Python script checks if the exception number 'tr_xc' equals to one and sets two variables as zero. If it does not equal
42819: If the MIME type isn't provided, return false; otherwise check whether it starts with "Text/", and then either returns true in that
42820: This function calculates the dimensions of an image in which each pixel is represented by 3 bytes. The number 'n' represents how many sides are
42821: This Python function takes as input DNA sequence and returns its complementary strand by replacing each nucleotide with the corresponding pair of complements, i
42822: This function returns the string 'Subject:"{}'.  It takes one argument, subject. The format of which is to be determined by Python's
42823: This Python function raises an error when the node does not contain exactly one unique identifier. It then returns that id of any type, as long it is
42824: If 'b' is less than the value of variable, then it checks if "value" lies between variables. Otherwise - check whether values lie within
42825: This line of Python script creates an object that maps the string values to their corresponding integer representations. The mapping is done using dictionary comprehension in one single
42826: This is an implementation of the bitwise OR operation. It shifts y 3 places to left and then combines it with 'x' on its right
42827: A function that returns an object with the claim name as key and user's usernamne.  It is used to map claims from O
42828: This Python script assigns different labels to the build' state based on its 'code'. The states are defined as follows - success, error and failure
42829: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors. The result is returned as one number which represents their scalar multiplication in 3D space or any
42830: This Python function calculates the Blackman's oscillator based on an input value 'X'. The output is between ‘BM’ and its maximum
42831: This script calculates the area of an image using OpenCV.  The dimensions are determined by min and max coordinates in both X & Y directions,
42832: This line of the script adds new linear and square terms to an existing model. The coefficients are calculated as per their old values plus some fractional change
42833: Code returns the leftmost and right most elements of an array.  The function is named "get_ends" which takes in one parameter 'arr
42834: This function checks if the two input list are disjoint or non - Disjunction means that there is no common element in both sets, while Intersection
42835: This Python function checks whether the string is empty or contains only one character, then it returns false. If there are more than two characters in length with
42836: If no request is found within Django Context then it raises an error with message indicating that required objects are missing from current environment/DJango contexts
42837: This Python function raises an error when the input is negative. It then multiplies all numbers from 3 to 'input' and returns that product as
42838: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
42839: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the value 'u' or more than equal to variable "X" and returns y
42840: This line of the program checks if 'call' is either 0, which means it was not called and thus returns false. If "call"
42841: This script is used to generate the reference ID and corresponding values from an array of 'tags'. It concatenates these into one line. If there are
42842: This function returns the coordinates of an element in two dimensional array. The indices are one less than those used to access elements directly due as Python uses zero
42843: This Python function tries to return the 'data' object attribute named "unit". If it fails, instead of raising an error and stopping execution completely or
42844: This Python function counts the number of times it needs to shift right an integer until its least significant bit is set. It does so by continuously shifting and
42845: If the number of km is less than zero, return an error message. Otherwise calculate and returns its value multiplied by one hundred fifty percent(s
42846: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42847: This function returns two lists with the same elements but in different order.  The first list is reversed and then duplicated while keeping its original position
42848: This script filters out the leading and trailing whitespace from each of its input strings, effectively removing any unnecessary white space that might be present at either
42849: If the provided 'num' and "divisor" are not compatible with each other then it raises an error message stating that they cannot be used together
42850: This function returns the run number in three digit format.  It takes one argument, 'r' which is assumed to be an integer representing Run Number
42851: This function returns the maximum of two values and minimum value between them. It ensures that any given input is within these bounds by returning either one or both
42852: This Python function calculates the hovering distance based on position and velocity of an object using two constants – factor 'F' that determines how
42853: This Python function performs bitwise operations on the given 'shift' and masked values. The operation is performed using AND, OR operators with an X
42854: This function takes two strings as input and returns the concatenation of them.  It's used to combine or merge these inputs into one single output
42855: This Python function takes an input string, removes the beginning and ending lines of it that contain specific text ("-----" in our case), then returns what
42856: If the length of DOI is less than 2, return it as given; otherwise replace "/" with hyphen and ":" to create new
42857: This Python function calculates the sample average and standard deviation of an input list. The result is returned as two values; one indicates whether or not there
42858: This line of the given Python script joins all elements in stopID with ':' and returns them as one string.  It uses split() function to
42859: This line of the given Python function is calculating and returning an integer value. The calculation involves subtracting raw from its input, then taking modulo with
42860: This Python function checks whether the given value 'val' matches any of several predefined string values. If it does, then returns true; otherwise
42861: This Python script creates an object of class 'ellipses' with attributes as the given parameters. The function rotate() is used to perform rotations
42862: This Python function calculates the average horizontal and verticle size of an array. The input is expected to be list with tuples where each tuple
42863: This line of the Python function checks if two positions are within valid range. The first condition is that they must be in one dimension, while second conditions
42864: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
42865: This function takes in three parameters R and two numbers representing RGB values of the color to be scaled down by factor 'Dim'. It then returns these new
42866: If the input "Iter" isn't provided, it returns true. Otherwise checks whether its data types and content match certain conditions; otherwise return false
42867: This Python function calculates the complex number that represents an ideal capacitor in terms of its capacitance, charge carriers and frequency parameters as input variables using Oh
42868: This is an infinite loop that continuously updates the value of 'n' until it converges to its actual square root. The algorithm uses binary search, which
42869: This line of the given Python script returns an input string with trailing whitespace removed using rstrp function from python's built in functions and
42870: This Python function splits an eMail address into its local part, domain name & username parts based on the 'at' symbol (@). If all
42871: This Python function takes as input an DNA sequence and returns its complementary strand. It uses the dictionary "complement" to map each nucleot
42872: This Python script splits the file name into its parts and then joins them back together with an additional part, which is just another directory in our case
42873: This function checks whether the input 'carTree' object has keys named left & right. If it does then calculates their mean value by calling another
42874: This line of the script splits up an absolute path into its constituent parts, and then returns last part which is filename in our case –
42875: This Python function creates an empty list, then iterates over each column and attribute pair from the given 'atts' parameter until it finds one that
42876: This function calculates the net profit by subtracting marketing costs and other expenses from revenue.  It'll be used in financial analysis or any business
42877: This script is designed to handle different types of requests based on the user'input. It can return various responses depending upon what type request it receives,
42878: If the 'host' header is missing, it adds an entry to dictionary with value as hostname. Otherwise returns existing one from dictonary
42879: This Python script checks if the given list of symbols and strokes is sorted. If it's not, then returns true; otherwise false or '
42880: This function checks if the point is within or on top of an object. The coordinates are given as parameters to determine where in relation with other objects it
42881: If the user's inputted 'age limit or "content" limits are not provided, return false. Otherwise check whether their current ages match with
42882: This line of the function calculates how much profit is made by selling one unit at price p and paying another amount. The result will be in dollars
42883: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42884: This function checks if the given number is power of two. A single bit in binary representation represents either zero or one, so to check whether n&
42885: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an array. The weights are given by absolute values and each element's position is raised to its power
42886: This line of the given Python script adds two vectors elementwise. The result is stored in 'vector 4'. It's done by adding corresponding
42887: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same as it is, but with all digits removed from its representation using python's
42888: This Python script counts the number of times an element is less than its next one. The function takes as parameter 'list' and returns integer value which
42889: Generates annotation list based on coverage data from the given path and lines of source codes using lookup function provided by Coverity toolset's API to
42890: This function returns an error or warning message with the file and line number where it was called.  The returned string can be used to log errors in
42891: This Python function calculates the similarity between two strings. It compares each character of both input string and returns their match percentage if they are equal or
42892: If any of the four conditions are met, returns true. Otherwise false – de mentiA is an indicator that someone has some form or condition
42893: This function calculates the offsets of frames in an array. It takes into account if there is overlap between different arrays or not; it also handles
42894: This Python script creates an index of the elements and their positions within P. It then uses that to find out which element is at position 'n'
42895: This python script is used to check if the attributes of an object are equal or not, it compares each attribute from 'list' with its corresponding
42896: If 'v' in the function input parameters returns none then return nothing. Else it will output two values - key and value from dictionary "k
42897: This Python function returns the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise operations and loops, but it's very efficient
42898: This function returns the rounded value of x. It's used to ensure that all values are integers, which is necessary in many programming languages like Python
42899: This function takes an input text and returns the same uppercased version of it. It does not do anything special with punctuation or numbers, just
42900: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42901: This function returns the appropriate greeting based on whether it's morning, afternoon or evening.  It uses an 'ampm', which is either
42902: This function checks if the length of inputted 'new' is less than or equal to that in an existing, longer version. If it isn’
42903: This script is used to perform differential evolution algorithm on the given parameters. The number and type, as well specific details like temperature or probability values are printed
42904: This line of the script merges two dictionaries, defaults and params into one dictionary using update() method in Python 3 which is similar to merge
42905: This function takes in an array of commands and returns them as one string with quotes around each command. This is useful when you want to pass
42906: This function checks if the given string starts with specific patterns and contains certain strings, returning false when these conditions are met; otherwise it returns true to indicate
42907: Count the number of times 'noun' appears in each line. If count is 0 or more than one then append an appropriate ending to it
42908: This Python function reverses the order of characters in each word and returns them as one string, with spaces between every two letters separated by an underscore
42909: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on four parameters. The first parameter is ‘p’, which determines how quickly 'x
42910: If the given 'key' is present as an entry of dict, return its value. Else returns "default" – provided by user or
42911: This Python function raises an error when the input number is less than zero, and then calculates its digits sum. It does so by repeatedly taking
42912: This Python function checks the type of an input value and returns it in boolean form when possible; otherwise return 'None'. It also handles special cases like
42913: Returns the value of "problem" in dictionary. If it doesn't exist, returns default_value which is 0 by defualts to
42914: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
42915: This Python function retrieves the 'External ID' from an STIX object, given its name as input parameter "Source Name". If no such reference
42916: This function searches through the list of lines and returns index if it finds 'pattern' else return '-'.  It also handles cases where there is no
42917: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and adds items to it. It then filters out any item that is also present as key of the 'dishes
42918: This function returns an integer based on the value of 'parameter['direction']' in Python. It is used to determine what kind or action should be
42919: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns its contents as tuples of form `("<Key>","Value"),...`  It sk
42920: This function is used to extract the name, artist names and URI of each song from given JSON object. If no such information exists it returns an empty
42921: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common denominator of two numbers. The while loop continues until 'a' is not zero and
42922: This Python script calculates the sum of FIBONACCI series where each number is either divisible by three or not. The loop continues until
42923: This Python function calculates the final output of an operation based on input parameters. The calculation involves adding, multiplying and modifying values to produce desired
42924: This Python script replaces the root of an article with nothing and trims any leading or trailing slashes from its path to get just file name
42925: This function returns the coordinates of four points around an object with given center and radii. The returned values are relative to each other in relation as per
42926: This function splits the input string into individual characters and then joins them with underscores. The result is converted to all capital letters using Python'
42927: This Python script calculates the number of True Coopers and their corresponding Inferred ones that are equal, which is equivalent to checking if all
42928: This function returns the length of an empty list. If it's not, then return one less than its current size in case there is only on
42929: This Python function calculates the ratio of two numbers. The first number is calculated as difference between weight and temperature in one operation while second value depends on
42930: This Python script checks the version of an installed package and returns different output based on whether it's greater than or equal to ‘v1_
42931: If foreign key checks are currently disabled, it will return the string 'Set Foreign Key Checks to 1'. Otherwise - returns as such. Code
42932: This Python script creates an identity matrix of size nxn, where 'm' is the number given as input. The output will be stored into
42933: This Python function generates an array with the first element as ‘spatial’ and all subsequent elements are numbers from 'channel' to ('Channel +
42934: This script generates all possible combinations of two tokens from the input list, excluding common English word "stopword" or punctuation marks that are usually
42935: This function returns the URI of an endpoint that serves feature collections.  It's used to fetch data from different features in geospatial information systems
42936: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys and values from 'dic' that are neither `None` nor empty strings or zeros/empty lists etc
42937: This line of Python function calculates the decay factor using exponential growth, with an initial value and time to live in years as input parameters x & t
42938: If the string 'lof' is found within geometry object then it returns an instance of Loose Object Format. Else return default format which includes
42939: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
42940: This function checks if an SELl to close instruction exists on the given list of orders. If it does, returns its ID; otherwise return '
42941: This line of the given Python function retrieves and increments an integer value by one. It then returns that incremented number as well, which is
42942: This Python function checks whether the input string can be converted to boolean or not and returns it as Boolean type data instead of throwing an error when invalid values
42943: A Python dictionary is used to store data. The keys are "documents" and labels, with the value being an empty list in our case
42944: This function converts the language from one to another. It takes two parameters, 'fr' and ‘en’ which are used as input in
42945: If the input "statio" isn't defined or it doesn’s represent an AWGNegativeStation object then return false; otherwise
42946: This Python script splits the given string into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary entries using filter function to remove any empty strings from resulting array
42947: This Python function takes in two parameters, 'data' and an optional parameter named as dictionary called `output` which is used to store the result of
42948: This function returns the parameters of an object that is used to generate banded images. The input data includes information about which image's pixels are being
42949: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'gates' input which is assumed to be another collection of tuples where
42950: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys and values from 'v' where key does NOT start as "_".  It uses list comprehension to achieve
42951: This Python function checks if the given coordinates are within an Alaska bounding box defined by 48°N to +/-  ∞, W
42952: This Python function removes trailing '\r' and '/'\nn" characters from the end of each string. It is used to clean up data that
42953: This Python function converts the list of integers to floats. It uses numpy's int64 array as input and returns an equivalent float
42954: This Python script calculates the total points based on network activities. It increments 1 point per IP source found, if it's an '
42955: This piece of Python script checks if the size attribute exists in an object, and returns True when it does not exist; otherwise return false to indicate that
42956: This Python function replaces all dots and hyphens with underscores. It also handles the case where there are multiple consecutive delimiters, such
42957: This python script uses the Euclidean algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. The main idea is that it repeatedly subtract one number from another until
42958: This line of the given C++ function is performing an operation that involves shifting x to left by 'n' bits and then ORing it with another
42959: This Python function creates and returns an empty list, then iterates over the keys of 'sorted' dictionary with modes as its elements; checks if
42960: A function that takes as input two lists and returns the dictionary created by merging these list' elements into one, using update() method of Python dict
42961: This script is designed to calculate the width and height of boxes based on user input. The x scale determines how wide an object will be, while y
42962: This function returns twice the number of frequency estimatiosn plus one. It's an example to show how functions can be used in Python programming
42963: Creates and returns an object with the keys term, name & identifies as wikipedia id or contentMine based on data dictionary 'd'.
42964: This script calculates the area of both squares and circles. The input is two sets – one with x coordinates in list 'cxs' &
42965: This function checks the input `value`. If it’s of string datatype with 'na', then returns NaNNaNeL;
42966: This Python function takes in an input string 'Query' as parameter. It iterates over the characters of that String until it encounters non alph
42967: This line of the given Python script returns all elements from an input list 'tagged sentence' where each element is paired with its corresponding tag. The
42968: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily nested lists into one single level by using recursion to handle the sublists within it."  [
42969: This Python function doubles the value of 'n' until it becomes greater than 10. It then returns that final result, which is half
42970: This function returns the minimum and maximum values of two crops in 0, -9.867e+xx format based on their coordinates x
42971: This Python script calculates the minimum cycle length from an input list of lists where each sublists contains two elements - one is number and another represents its
42972: This Python script generates an array of floats from the input string 'r' by splitting it into parts using '-', and then converting each part to
42973: This Python function converts the number of inputted time in sec into readable format. It handles cases where less than one minute, and more then
42974: This Python function checks whether the first input 'to' parameter exists in either an integer type ('is instance of int') OR it has been provided as
42975: This Python function checks if the input string can be converted to an integer. If it is possible and successful then returns true else false or raises exception otherwise
42976: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' string. If it does not return an empty reversed version; otherwise returns nothing or default
42977: A dictionary is created with the keys as NIDs and values are another dictionaries containing 'MotD template name', power status ('on' or
42978: This is an implementation of the square root function in Python. It uses binary search to find and return integer part as result, which gives us very close
42979: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with some key value pairs, then returns the filled out dict object as output of function 'get
42980: This Python script generates an array of prime numbers between two given integers 'n' & ‘m’ using the Sieve Of Eratosthen
42981: This Python function splits the input string by ':' and removes any empty strings resulting from splitting operation to return only nonempty namespace identifiers in format
42982: This function returns the length of string s.  It'll be useful in many applications where we need to know how long something is, like determining
42983: If the cluster size is greater than or equal to 1.9 times its original value, it will be set back at zero; otherwise，if
42984: This function checks if the number of clics is odd or even. If it's not, then returns an empty list; otherwise - return values
42985: This Python function checks the operator and value of an input parameter. It returns true or false based on whether it matches one out these four conditions, i
42986: This function finds the minimum value between two given numbers and returns its index if it is within bounds. If not found then return zero or length of list
42987: This Python script splits the string 's' by commas and filters out any empty strings resulting from splitting operations using filter(). It then strips leading
42988: Created an array of tuples with three elements. The first element is the name and second one indicates if it's active or not;
42989: This Python script uses list comprehension to create and returns new array where all elements are replaced with “zero” when the element is equal or greater
42990: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to add corresponding elements from two lists. The result is another one with the same length as input vectors but
42991: This Python function filters out the elements from 'tests' list based on whether they have "tag" key present or not, and returns them as new
42992: This function returns an object with type as 'character' and count equal to the input. The value is set at 1 because in programming languages like
42993: If no URL was passed, it raises an error stating that the "URL" parameter needs to have been specified beforehand in your function call or within
42994: This Python function calculates the absolute value of two numbers and returns whichever number is smaller. If both are equal it will return one or another
42995: This Python function returns the tuple of elements in an input dictionary, which includes "Tolls Booht", and month. It also provides total
42996: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns both dimensions from an input list. The first two elements in that array represent x & y coordinates
42997: This Python function calculates the value of an investment based on various parameters. The formula is derived from financial mathematics and involves several variables such as 'nb
42998: This function converts the input string to all lowecase and replaces special characters with hyphens.  It then returns that resultant converted version
42999: This function checks the value of 'support' color and returns an integer based on its range in RGB space, or '-1'. The colors are defined
43000: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two given parameters, 'temp' and returns it as output in one line only if temp
43001: This Python function calculates the total time in seconds from hours, minutes and second. It takes an array of four elements as input where first two are
43002: This script reads data from three different JSON files and stores it in dictionaries, then prints the contents of these dicts to console using json module'
43003: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43004: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43005: This function checks if the first number is divisible by second one in python programming language using modulus operator and returns True or False accordingly based on result
43006: This function calculates the value of 'm' and standard deviation based on given parameters, then returns an output which is calculated as "(value_
43007: Creates an empty dictionary and adds the required keys to it. The "Type" of time is set based on configuration, data values are added as
43008: The function checks the format of an input string. If it's none, returns false; otherwise check whether its length equals 5 and return
43009: This Python function takes an ASN.1 structure and returns the string representation of it in one line format with parentheses around binary values where necessary
43010: This function returns 'True' if the given key exists and its corresponding values match, else it will return false or None depending on whether there is an
43011: This Python script resizes an image to fit within the specified dimensions. The original aspect ratio is maintained and images are centered in their new sizes by default
43012: This function checks if the block number is divisible by an inputted value. If it's true then return True else False – based on
43013: This Python script is used to find the names of all devices that have at least one port with name found within an array 'initializers'. The result
43014: This Python function returns the indices of elements that exist within 'target' from an input list named "observations". If no such element exists it will
43015: This Python script returns the last element of each list within 'data set'.  It's an efficient way to get all elements from one dimension.
43016: This function checks the score of both teams in an upcoming soccer match. If they are tied, it returns "Tie at time [event['Time
43017: This function checks whether the given key is less than ‘date’. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false or error message
43018: This line of the given Python script calculates and stores in 'length' variable, which is then used to calculate Bladder Length.
43019: This line of the function returns two values. The first value is an element from 'attribute' list, and second one starts with "@" symbol
43020: This function calculates the index of an element in array based on its value. The calculation is done by taking into account range and resolution, then round
43021: A Python dictionary that represents the configuration of an I/O block.  The 'return' statement is used to create and export such object as JSON
43022: This function checks if the maximum of two projections is greater than or equal to minimums from another pair.  It returns True only when both conditions
43023: This Python function takes in an input string `t` as argument which is supposed to be the path of file/directory name with possible trailing sl
43024: This Python script returns the dictionary with keys and values where value isn't 'None'.  It uses Dictionary Comprehension to filter out any
43025: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the input 'entities' to add unique entities into it using if condition checking whether each
43026: This function takes in an input string, 'S', and returns the first three characters of that String followed by '-' then all other parts.
43027: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43028: This Python script creates an index of entries by their names and dates using the given list as input data structure "entities". The resulting dictionary is then
43029: This function checks whether the environment variable 'AWSSS' is set. If it does, returns an STS ARN; otherwise return another path
43030: If the input is out of range, it returns zero. Otherwise return curve QA from change models section based on start and end day values provided by
43031: This function calculates the number of FLOPS and parameters in an operation. It takes as input two numbers 'c' which represent weights or coefficients
43032: If the JULIA LANGUAGE is running on valgrind then return '???'. Else replace special characters in text with their HTML
43033: This Python function checks whether the string 's' contains only one digit or more after any character that is neither an alphabet nor numerics, then
43034: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43035: This line of the Python script is used to get only file's base part from its full path, and then split it by '.' character into
43036: This line of the Python script checks whether date variable has been assigned and it's type matches to 'str'. If they don’t match then
43037: This Python script checks if the ports are within certain ranges. If they aren't it prints an error message to console; otherwise returns true or false
43038: This Python function replaces the input/ text area / select tags with their respective classes and returns it as string formatting of HTML tag structure or any
43039: This function returns the three main factors and dimensions in an analysis.  It's used to identify which variables are important or relevant based on their correlation
43040: This program calculates the number of seconds in given amount. 1 day is equal to approximately  864,973 second(s
43041: This function checks if the length of 'Password' is at least 7 characters, has lowercase letters as well upper case letter. It also contains
43042: This function returns the string 'Hello' followed by whatever is passed in as an argument.  It uses Python to achieve that result with one line of
43043: This Python script splits the input string into list of strings, then maps each second element to its abbreviation from another dictionary and concatenates them with
43044: This script is used to create two empty lists and three keys. It then iterates over the dictionary 'fields'. If an entry with value of auto
43045: This function calculates the expression of an enzyme, which is dependent on several factors such as Length and Mass ratio between RNAs(m
43046: This function calculates the ratio of two parameters, 'a' and ‘b’. The result is then returned as an output from that specific
43047: This script creates an array of unique contributors from the list 'Commiter's email'. It uses dictionaries to store each individual contributes name
43048: This Python function takes an input of type 'tuple' and returns the string representation “[...]”. The list comprehension is used to
43049: This line of the program checks whether or not an inputted integer is within one specific range. If it's between zero and unity then returns that
43050: This line of the Python script checks if 'filename' does NOT contain either word ('doc', or just simply, it doesn’t have any such
43051: If the string is empty, then it returns true. Otherwise count character frequency and check if all characters appear even number of times or not based on their
43052: This Python function converts the input string to lowercase and checks if it'is one of several predefined strings that represent true/False values
43053: This Python script checks whether the variable 'None' exists in python and returns different messages based on that condition using an IF ELSE statement – one
43054: If the input parameters are both dictionaries. Merge them recursively with deep overwrite option enabled by default; otherwise return original parameter as it was
43055: This Python script checks whether the string 'julia' is present within filename, and replaces it with '.index'. If not found then returns
43056: This program counts the bits in an integer. It uses bitwise AND operation to check each of its binary digits and increments count when it finds
43057: This function converts the input string to lowercase if it is either 'SR' or its Latin variant, otherwise returns itself as an upper case version
43058: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the binary representation of it. The result is obtained by shifting bits to right, then ANDing with
43059: If the hierarchy folders list is empty then return current file's full path as it has no parent folder; otherwise get its 'parent', and check
43060: This line of Python script converts the integer 'score' to string, pads it with zeros if necessary until length is 10 characters long
43061: This Python script calculates the label based on order's recentness and its delay from now.  The labels are either 'order in time',
43062: This python script is used to filter out the training data based on whether it contains 'multilingual' or not. It also returns two labels,
43063: This function returns the URL to access SAML service of ESGF IDP with SOAP secure attribute Service endpoint in ESPGI environment using base
43064: This function returns the length of nonempty lines in an input file, ignoring comments or blank spaces at start/end 	of each one."""
43065: This Python function divides each element of x by the corresponding one from list 'y' and appends it to another resultant array if that value
43066: If the length or size/dimension mismatches, it raises an error.  This is to ensure that we are dealing with correct data in
43067: This Python script counts the number of times each character appears within an input word. It does so by iterating over every single characer and comparing it
43068: This function checks if the input number is divisible by another. If it's not, then returns false; otherwise true or 1 depending on
43069: This function returns the value of 'return_value' based on whether or not an input variable, "epoch", is less than ten times larger
43070: This Python function attempts to convert an input into date format and returns it in the 'yyyymmdd' pattern if successful; otherwise prints out
43071: This Python function maps each element of the input 'list' to its corresponding index from an existing dictionary, if it exists; otherwise returns "unkown
43072: This function checks if string starts with specific keywords related directly or indirectly into setting up/changing of user's NickName.  It is used
43073: This function filters the transactions based on whether they contain an input or output with one of our addresses.  It uses Python's lambda and list
43074: This Python script replaces all occurrences of an 'iterables' with another string within the same variable using replace() function and returns updated version
43075: This script checks the output of an XSEARCH search and identifies any items that have different outputs from their corresponding input item on two separate lists based
43076: This Python function finds the first duplicate value from an array of integers using sets to track seen values, which is more efficient than checking each element against all
43077: This function returns the relation name and its corresponding value.  It's used to create SQL queries in Python using string formatting techniques with placeholders
43078: This function calculates the value of an equation based on three parameters. The first parameter is 'l', which represents some length, and second one ('
43079: This is the simplest form of iteration over an iterable object. It simply returns each item one by on and stops when it has gone through all items
43080: This function calculates the sum of squares from one to 'n'. It uses mathematical formula. The result is returned as an integer value in Python language
43081: This script is used to get the list of specific properties from an enemy's "state". It filters out any entries where 'propNameNotFoundError
43082: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43083: This line of Python script calculates the version number and max LVT from an input register value. The function returns formatted string with these two values
43084: This function checks if the given point is inside or outside of any triangle defined by three vertices. It uses an algorithm similar to ray casting but with some
43085: This function calculates the value of an object given its initial conditions and returns it as output, based on some mathematical formulae with constants defined in other
43086: This line of the function calculates and returns smallest value between step size or difference in imagesize from an initial offest. It is used to determine
43087: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an object in two dimensions. The input is given as four numbers representing top left corner coordinate followed
43088: This function returns the random values from ntheta and prior.  It's used to initialize parameters in Bayesian optimization with different initial points of search
43089: This function takes an integer n as input and returns the digits of that number in reverse order. It does not use any builtin functions or libraries
43090: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with the values from 'values' list using their original order as key/value pairs while also assign
43091: This Python function generates links to the man pages of Linux manuals based on their section number and version information in an input dictionary format { 'section':
43092: This Python script splits the input string into individual terms and then separates each term by ':' to get its number of occurrences as well
43093: This Python script creates an empty new_lst and then appends the result of each element from two lists by using bitwise XOR operation on
43094: Returns the value of 'service_iD' plus 31. This is an example function that demonstrates how to manipulate and use bitwise
43095: This function calculates the percentage of window size that is used by TCP sender/receiver in network traffic control protocol, which uses the Congestion Window
43096: This line of Python is returning the value 'n' raised to an exponent. It doesn’t do anything with it, but serves as placeholder in
43097: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43098: This function calculates the inverse of an equation based on given parameters. The result is one divided by subtraction between two values, where 'one'
43099: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43100: This function checks whether the type of variants to be analyzed is either both, one from each group ("Benig", Pathogens), all together("
43101: This function calculates the cost of an item based on its time variant and CPI. If both are equal, it returns 'raw' costs;
43102: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43103: If the 'None' value of `signaLToNoiseLimit`, it returns an empty string. Otherwise return with prefix "_" and
43104: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding style from list of possible ones. If number is less than length, it will return first
43105: This Python script is used to generate the vectorized representation of data types, environment and dataset names from an input dictionary. The function takes as inputs any
43106: This is an expression that calculates the sum of two numbers, multiplies it by x divided with another number and then divides resultant value again
43107: If the last two digits of 'x' are equal to zero, then simply returns value as is. Else adds $(${diff
43108: If the input 'encoding' equals to CHARSET, return utf_8. Else check whether it’s one of ['LATIN1
43109: This function calculates the linear equation y = ax^n+b, where n is an integer. The result of each call to it will be
43110: This Python function scales the input list 'X' by an alpha factor. The result is returned as another array with scaled values of X elements, where
43111: This function checks the values of two variables. If they are both equal to one or three it returns 'three', otherwise depending on their value in second
43112: Creates dictionary to store predictions and expectation, then iterates over the list of predicted values; if length is two it checks whether value at index [
43113: A dictionary is created with the key as 'noise' and value set to be same.  The function returns that newly formed dictionaries which are not
43114: This function takes an input string and returns the part of it after any '/' character if one exists, else return full original value as no change was
43115: This Python function calculates the number of bytes needed to pad an input string with leading zeros. It does so by checking if there is any remainder
43116: This function converts an alphabetical character to its corresponding number. It uses ASCII values of lowercase letters and returns -1 if the input
43117: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
43118: This function calculates the value of an object based on its mass and density. It uses two parameters, 'val' which is used to calculate power
43119: This line of the given Python script returns an integer value from string s, excluding last character.  The function takes care to handle any possible errors
43120: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the first row of 'matrix' one by another from 0 to n -> append
43121: This function checks whether the first two characters of an ASN string are '0' and either lowercase ('x')or upper case('X').
43122: This python function calculates the largest integer n such that `x` is less than or equal to ${$\mathbf{\text{(}}^
43123: This Python script generates random strings of length 10, each containing at least one letter and digit from the set as ASCII letters plus digtis
43124: This program continuously subtracts the smaller number from larger one until they are equal. The loop continues as long there is no condition to break out of
43125: This Python function converts all lowercase letters to upper case and vice versa within the inputted strings, effectively changing casing of each character individually
43126: This function checks if the user object contains an attribute named "userotp". If it does not exist then returns False. Otherwise - True is returned
43127: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an expression that is equivalent to dividing 't0' by ten thousand, then subtracts
43128: This Python function calculates the error in an exponential decay model. The input is 'r' which represents half of its maximum rate, and it returns
43129: This Python function takes as input the list of all unique images and their corresponding annotated data from COCO dataset format along with some additional information about each
43130: This line of the given Python script copies all elements from 'global' dictionary to another named one, and then updates it with new values provided in local
43131: This function counts the number of ways to partition an integer 'N' into positive integers less than or equal with value K. The base case is when
43132: This function returns the URL of an endpoint. The path is passed as input to generate and constructs its full url with http, localhost & port number
43133: This line of the given Python script is fetching and returning value from dictionary "movie" using key 'title'.  The returned data type will
43134: This Python script sets the value of 'c' to be equal or greater than zero, and then checks whether it is not equals one. If so
43135: This Python function converts the input to uppercase if it is an instance of str, otherwise returns original value without any changes or exceptions raised by attempting
43136: Checks whether the given string is valid as an English language palindrome, ie., it reads same backward and forward but ignores case sensitivity
43137: This is the formula used in Kalman filter to update state estimate. It's based on two parameters, x and k which are both vectors of
43138: This Python function generates an empty “matrix” of the given size with all elements set to 'val'. The matrix is represented as two nested lists
43139: This function checks the longest common substring between two strings. If either string is empty it returns zero as there's no possible match found otherwise return
43140: This line of the given Python script is extracting information from an authenticated dictionary and formatting it into two separate variables. The first variable holds username
43141: This Python function calculates the minimum distance between two points in 3D space. The coordinates of both are given as tuples and it returns
43142: This function takes an array of ZMWs and returns the names associated with those bases that have at least 'min_required' number or more base
43143: This Python function calculates the value of 'c' in an iterative process. If |Z| is greater than or equal to ‘max
43144: This Python function uses list comprehension to filter out the elements of 'x' that are not present within another given set/list. The lambda
43145: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
43146: A function that takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  If no such integer is found, it should return -1; if
43147: This Python function converts the string ' into an equivalent of its single quotes. The main idea is to iteratively check each character in given input,
43148: This Python function calculates the PID error based on three inputs, which are Proportional Value(PV), Integral value and Deriv
43149: This Python function is used to get value from dictionary based on key in upper case format, if it doesn’t exist then returns default message “
43150: This Python function calculates the minimum difference between consecutive elements of an input list. It keeps track and returns both with its corresponding position as output values from
43151: This script reads data from an SQL database and stores it into the 'rows' variable, then processes that information to create dictionaries with column names as
43152: This line of Python script joins all elements in the list 'risks' with commas and returns it as one string, which is then printed to
43153: This Python function checks whether the input "Unit" passed to it in string format and raises an error message when that's incorrectly formatted or missing
43154: This line of Python function is checking if the attribute exists, and then returning its value. If it doesn't exist - returns 'None'.
43155: This script uses regular expressions to parse metadata from HTML tables, returning the appropriate value based on its type and formatting in relation with other elements of an
43156: This Python function checks whether the input 'version' variable ('var') can be converted to an integer or string and then splits it into two parts
43157: This Python function converts the given 'seconds' into hours/minutes and seconds format using integer division by multiplying it with respective values to get
43158: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43159: Split the string on " – > ", if it's two elements, return them in tuple else raise an error with message 'invalid displ
43160: This Python function tries to convert the input string into an integer. If it fails, then returns original value as is; otherwise converts and return converted
43161: This Python function calculates the slopes and correspondingly calculated intesects of linear regression lines. The input is two lists 'X' &
43162: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43163: This Python function returns the count of resources and views based on their types defined within configuration dictionary 'Config'. If they are not present it defaults to zero
43164: If the key 'has problem' is present within an object, return its value. Otherwise it returns false or nothing depending on whether there was any error
43165: This Python function calculates the weighted average of an array. It takes as input two lists - one with coefficients and another list containing x values to be
43166: This function checks if the given string is present as one of several possible substring combinations. It does so by checking each individual part against all potential parts
43167: This line of the given Python script is setting up an empty string, "sig", and checks if 'seconds' variable value less than 0.
43168: This Python function checks the type of 'input' parameter. If it’s an integer or floating point number then assign that value as four times into
43169: Returns the URL of ExoMOL database server, which is used to access its data files and services in an easy way."  [END]
43170: This function checks whether the input list 'T' has less than two elements. If it does not have any duplicates then returns true else false or
43171: This Python function reads an input string `line`. It starts at the first character of that same position in another variable named "n" with value
43172: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43173: This function is used to calculate the approximation of DP with static homogeneity and basic model. It takes two parameters - 'k' which represents
43174: This Python script returns the list of items from 'ls' that are NOT NONE. It uses List Comprehension to filter out any NULL
43175: This Python script finds the index of 'TLR' files that end with either "oflsa" and/or “oflsb”
43176: This function checks the type of input, then returns an appropriate string. If no match found it will return “default” as default value which can
43177: This Python function calculates the normalized value of an input number. The normalization is done by subtracting off min and dividing it out with max minus
43178: If the RPC name is either of 'mob' functions, return an empty list. Otherwise continue with other operations as normal...  [END
43179: This line of Python script returns the rounded value when divided by 'x'. If dividing 0, it will result in an error. The function
43180: If both sizes are zero it returns the default value of float which is 'zero'. Otherwise return scores divided by smaller one between two given values in order
43181: This function checks if the input is one character long, which must be either an English vowel.  It does not consider uppercase letters as valid
43182: If the value 'None', return nothing; else check type of input and perform operations on it based upon its nature – replace "\t" with
43183: This program checks the inputted 'password' against an expected value, in our case it is set to be equal with string of characters. If they
43184: This function returns the value of an expression based on certain conditions. The first condition checks whether 'X' is less than '-3', in which case
43185: This line of the function checks if 'x' is greater than or equal with tolerance, it returns True when condition holds and False otherwise.  It
43186: This Python function converts an RGB value to hexadecimal. If the input is not in correct format, it raises error with message 'R
43187: If the 'Rotation' parameter is greater than 1, it will add '-rotate [value]'. Otherwise nothing. The result of these
43188: This function is used to adjust the threshold value of an early stopping condition based on current training progress and total number or iterations in one cycle, with some
43189: This function checks whether the department ID is one of certain values. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on which value
43190: This script creates an empty dictionary called 'keys' and populates it with the required fields from Donors table of database using get method to avoid Key
43191: This line of the given R function calculates and returns an elementwise difference between two numbers, then divides that result by their sum. The final
43192: This function adds the result of an operation to 'origin' by multiplying it with its position in list. The multiplication factor is given as "spacing
43193: This function takes an input of any type, converts it to its ASCII representation and returns the first character in upper case.  The rest are
43194: This Python script calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists. It then sums up these differences to get an overall score or distance measure based
43195: If the input 'Value' exists and it’s of type string then convert to lower case else return original values – Code snippet in
43196: This Python function iterates over the list of functions provided as 'filters' and applies them to input string. The result is returned after all filter
43197: This function checks if all characters in the first string are present as well, but not necessarily consecutively. It returns True or False accordingly based on that
43198: This Python function checks the existence of certain keys within an object, then returns one value based on which key is found or else it falls back to another
43199: If the current "node" object does not exist, return false and check whether its offsprings are empty or null; otherwise continue with their
43200: This Python function takes an input "angle" and returns the equivalent negative of that value if it's greater than or equal to nine, otherwise return
43201: This function calculates the output of an equation based on input x and parameters 'm' &amp;#40;&apos;-&gt;"
43202: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements at index 1 and "indexes" that are multiples or divisors, from an
43203: This function calculates the ratio of two numbers.  The result is returned as an output from that specific call to it in Python programming language, which
43204: This function converts an error to string. It's used in the context of logging or debugging purposes, where errors are logged as strings and
43205: If the given 'token' is NOT found within our preloaded set of tokens, it will return '_unk_'. Otherwise - just returns original input
43206: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43207: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
43208: This Python function calculates the mean squared error of observed values and simulated ones. It takes as input two lists with equal length representing observations to be
43209: This function compares two lists and identifies the keys that are present only one way. It then prints these out to help debug any discrepancies
43210: This function returns the value of an attribute with given 'key' from data dictionary. If no such attributes exist it raises KeyError exception and return None
43211: A Python script that exits with the same exit status as its parent process, useful in creating subshells or running commands from within another program/
43212: This Python script adds two matrices together. The number of rows and columns are determined by the length/size attribute 'len' used to get each row
43213: This Python function checks whether the input 'Data' variable type or its value. If it’s string then return as list else just returns that Data
43214: This function returns the length of "Action". It's used to get how many actions are in trajectory.  The result is an integer value that
43215: This Python script retrieves the "Card" objects from an input dictionary, checks if they have matching 'orca' classes and assigns them to their
43216: This function replaces special characters with their HTML entities in the given string 't'.  It uses Python builtin functions to replace these character sequences,
43217: Code is checking if the list of 'record' objects has any elements and returning an empty array or populated with results based on that condition
43218: If the input 'value' isn’t provided, it returns "None". Otherwise return stripped version of that string with trailing period removed ("
43219: This script filters out the unlabelled and labelling data from all available task lists. It then returns two values - number of overall items in '
43220: If the input is an angle of exactly nine hundredths, return value 'four'. Else it checks whether its degree equals to one eighty.
43221: If the input is 1, it returns 'HHH' as output. This means that there are no hours in time format and only minutes or
43222: This Python function calculates the fringe spacing and returns it as per given conditions.  It takes three parameters - 'screen distance', fr
43223: This function returns the values of an object in three different fields. The formatting is done using Python's string .join() method and list slic
43224: This Python script sorts the keys in 'unsorte' by removing an unwanted key, then rearranges them into headers and returns it as
43225: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on given parameters. The result is returned as output from that particular method call in python programming language
43226: This function checks if the number exists in any of three by one boxes around it. If found, return True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there
43227: This Python script reads an input string, and replaces backslashes (\), newlines(\\r or \t depending on the context),\ with
43228: This Python function takes an integer input in the form of 'seconds' and converts it into minutes & remaining second(s). It returns these values
43229: This function checks whether the given coordinates fall within an area defined by two points. If yes, it returns true; otherwise false are returned based on these
43230: If the number 'n' is zero, it returns one. This function will always output "one" in most cases as there are no conditions to
43231: If the 'shfit' parameter of an operation isn’t provided, it defaults to zero. Otherwise,'left shifting', which means multiplying by
43232: This function checks the type of 'value' passed to it. If value has an instance that can be converted into integer or floating point number then convert
43233: This line of the program is creating two variables, 'a' and "B". The values are determined by modulo operation with base as an integer
43234: This function swaps the width and height of an image if its original size is larger. If not it returns same dimensions as before in case they are
43235: This Python function generates the QuadKey from x and y coordinates. The algorithm works by converting each coordinate to its binary representation with bit shifting operation then
43236: If the value of 'val1' is NOT present within list/array, it returns zero and otherwise one as per condition specified by user or program
43237: This Python script generates all pairs of numbers from 0 to 'N' and returns them as list. The first number is the lower limit while second
43238: This function filters out the given list of 'label' from all available keys within "dict" named as ```Nodes``` dictionary, and returns only
43239: This function calculates the Fibonacci sequence in double precision. It uses bitwise operations to reduce time complexity and avoid recursion stack overflow
43240: This Python script appends the second and third elements of each tuple from 'pair' list to its end, resulting into new tuples with sw
43241: This Python script uses the scikit learn library to infer vectors from input data, which is then stored into an empty list called 'inferrd
43242: Returns the IP address and its corresponding open/closed status.  The function returns three values - an ipaddress object representing your machine's current public
43243: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters, but it's not very clear what exactly is being calculated in each step and
43244: This Python script checks whether the given 'inputKey', which is either an integer or string and exists as keys of dictionary `dictionary`; otherwise
43245: If there are any key from 'keys' list then it creates dictionary and maps the first element of each pair to its second. Else return original
43246: This Python script iterates over the items of dictionary 'dictionary' and adds them to another one called "another_dic". It uses get()
43247: This Python script attempts to read the contents of an input filename and returns them if they exist; otherwise it will return nothing or empty string depending on whether
43248: If the pipeline is None, return Naan; otherwise calculate mean accuracy of different metrics based on their presence and availability within pipelines metadata dictionary keys '
43249: This function returns the result of doubling an input number 'i' and adding one. It is used to generate some kind or sequence in Python programming
43250: This function returns the information of an element in given index. If it's not defined, then 'undefined'.  It takes two parameters - one
43251: This function returns the input value it receives, but only when that is not less than or equal to 'lo' and greater then "hi". If
43252: This Python function retrieves the last modification time of an input file, or returns zero if no such filename exists in our system's filesystem cache/
43253: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway between two numbers, which is equivalent to their difference squared divided by twice its value in mathematical
43254: This python script calculates the total costs of sending messages to all vertices using given dictionary 'dict' where each key is an edge and value represents its
43255: This Python script uses dictionary comprehension to create an object from two lists. The output is another python dict where the keys are list values and correspondingly
43256: If there are mines, return the count of them. Otherwise do nothing or default to '.'  Code snippet is checking whether we have any
43257: This Python function checks whether the input value of 'X' ('y') in an IF ELIF statement. If X>=1, it returns Y
43258: This Python script reverses the digits of an integer and then calculates their value. The result is returned as output from function "calculation".
43259: This Python function converts bytes to Megabits and Kibit. It also returns the remaining bits after conversion from byte into other units of measurement
43260: If the input is 'Ring', return one, otherwise multiply by six. This function will always output either an integer or zero depending on whether
43261: This function calculates the average signal strength of two signals, taking into account their respective error rates. The formula is based on an assumption that both A
43262: This is an infinite loop that continues until the condition "(n AND ~((~&') == 3)" becomes false. It increments 'n
43263: This Python function splits the input string into day/month/year and formats it to match 'dd mm YYYY' formatting convention using
43264: This Python function checks whether the given value of 'Latitude' is either 18 or more, less than (-73.6), but
43265: "The program calculates and returns an estimate of one degree Celsius at 10,348 ft above sea level.""""
43266: If the Alert Name is one of Certificates, then it will return labels from host and file. Else returns original alerts as they are
43267: This function returns the name of an output file based on epoch number. The filename is prefixed with 'network_' and followed by '-', then
43268: This Python script generates the string that is used to access an image from Google Maps API using specific quad key value and returns it as output in one
43269: If the value of 'float' is less than or equal to six, return that same number. Otherwise it returns one as default case in Python programming
43270: This function takes three RGB values and converts them to hexadecimal. The result is returned as string with two characters per color channel in the
43271: This function calculates the coordinates of an object within its bounding box. It takes as input two tuples representing lower left corner coordinate `in
43272: This function takes in one string and returns the same input but with all non digit characters removed using Python's builtin filter() method along side str
43273: This function returns the result of multiplying its input by half, then adding an additional value to ensure it's between -1 and +1 in
43274: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'is instance' returns True or False. If it does return true then function will simply take that as
43275: This Python function takes an input string of option parameters and converts it into dictionary format using the provided cut off time as default or returns none when no
43276: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43277: This function checks if the given 'Cell' object has type of Code. 1/3rd point in total points are earned by completing task,
43278: This function takes in an input sequence and returns the reverse of that string. If it is empty, then return nothing; otherwise check first character to determine
43279: This Python function takes three parameters, 'degree', and converts them to degrees. If any of the inputs are missing or null it defaults their value
43280: This function checks if the input number is even. It returns True when it's an Even Number, and False otherwise in Python programming language using mod
43281: This function returns the values of 'BlockHash', ‘Timestamp’ and ''Proof'' from given dictionary. The format is {“<value1
43282: This Python function calculates the area of triangle formed by three points. The formula used is derived from cross product method to calculate determinant which gives us
43283: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43284: This Python function splits the URL into its components and returns three pieces of information - 'Site', an Area within which to search ('Area'), as
43285: This Python script creates an object of the LinearRegression class from sklearn, trains it on your data and then saves its coefficients to "./
43286: Removes all whitespace and tabs from the string.  It'll be used to clean data before analysis or processing it in other parts of your
43287: This function checks if the first list is subset of second. It returns true when it finds an element from one set that exists within another, otherwise false
43288: This function checks if the file name ends with "metadata.josn". If it does, then returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending
43289: This Python function calculates the size of an environment based on its coordinates. It then scales it according to whether or not there are 3D objects
43290: This Python function calculates the value of an integer represented as binary digits. The calculation is done by starting from rightmost digit and multiplying it
43291: This Python script creates an array of the results from dividing each element 'b' by its corresponding indexed value at position ‘A’.
43292: This function calculates the difference between two values, divides it by one of them and returns that result.  It's used to calculate relative
43293: This Python function splits the inputted text into separate "parts" based on underscores and then capitalizes each part using map() with str
43294: This Python script generates an output string based on the confidencess and boxes. The confidence is used to generate spaces before each value of 'n'
43295: This function converts RGB values to linear lightness using the CIE standard of human perception and returns them in an array format with three elements [L
43296: This function checks whether the length of x is one and returns false. If it's not then check each number within that string to see which ones
43297: This Python function checks whether the result ```'res``` variable type of object. If it’s an instance with 'list', then return two
43298: This function checks if the task record name is not equal to either 'Project Files' or '.GeoJSON'. If it isn’t, then
43299: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
43300: This function takes in an input string, and if the length of that str is more than or equal to 'max_length', it returns original text
43301: This Python script converts seconds to milliseconds. It first subtract the integer part of sec, then multiply by one million and rounds off
43302: If the offset plus size of one chunk exceeds or equals to 'total', then set stepsize equal with remaining value, otherwise just assign it.
43303: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43304: This function checks whether the input 'term' has more than 1 element. If it does have elements then we check firstly to see that
43305: This Python function takes three arguments and returns their rounded values. The variables are named as per the problem statement but with some modifications to make it more read
43306: This Python function checks whether the character '?' is present at any position within an input string, and returns zero as soon it finds such occurrence of char
43307: This line of the script splits an 'input' string into two parts at each '/', and then takes only last part which is stored in data
43308: This Python script attempts to close both an open SQLite3 Connection and its associated statement object, if they exist; otherwise it prints appropriate error messages without
43309: This line of Python script removes the specified DNS name from known hosts file using sed command in Unix based systems, and then deletes backup .backup
43310: This function returns the result of dividing 'time' by one minute, but only when it is more than or equal to five minutes and less then
43311: This Python script calculates the "grid" of powers based on an inputted 'x' and another, in our case it is called `y
43312: This line of Python script converts each string element from binary to integer. It uses the builtin int() function with base as argument which takes two
43313: This function returns the minimum of max (-inputValueMax , inputValuemax ) and 0. If it is less than zero then output
43314: This function returns the number of grains on n squares in an oval. The input is 'N' which represents how many sides are there, and
43315: This Python function converts an input value to uppercase and strips leading/trailing whitespace from the string representation of that same number, if possible
43316: This function takes an integer as input and returns the result of shifting its bits to right by three places. The negative sign is handled automatically, so it
43317: This Python script splits an input string into two variables based on the '/' character if it is only one part in its path; otherwise returns original
43318: This line of the given Python script is used to manipulate colors. The function takes two parameters, 'color' and an integer value called alpha which
43319: Creates an array of attributes from the object's directory that are noncallables or do NOT start with " __ ".  This is done to
43320: This line of the given Python function rotates 3D points by rotating them around origin. The rotation is done in counterclockwise direction with respect
43321: If the length of 'keywords' is 1, it assigns default values to variables. Otherwise returns an error message stating that no keywords were
43322: If the attribute param exists in an object named "request", then return its value; otherwise do nothing or whatever else you want to happen when it doesn
43323: This function calculates the coordinates of an object in pixel space. The face parameter is expected to be two numbers representing top left corner and bottom right corners
43324: This python script calculates the score based on whether or not beans are red. The color of each bag is checked and if it'is located at
43325: This function is used to find the correct MUXING specification based on given configuration and type of MANIFEST, if it exists then returns all such
43326: This Python function takes as input the package information and returns an URL to access tags of that repository. If no specific directory is provided, it defaults back
43327: This Python function scales the input 'Value' based on its type and specifics of an analog to digital converter, which is used in various applications such
43328: If the player's level is less than nine, it calculates how many points they need until reaching that point. Otherwise there are no more po
43329: This Python function converts temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius using the formula of conversion between degrees in two scales, where one is
43330: This script is designed to perform actions based on the JSON data received. It checks if there's any valid json in input and then performs different operations
43331: This Python function checks whether an input string contains the word ".heigth",".widhth","uniWidtH," etc., and
43332: This line of MATLAB script checks whether or not an input string is formatted as "X.Y.Z". If it isn't
43333: This Python script converts the list of integers into string. The output is then returned as one line without trailing dot at end, if any present
43334: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
43335: This function attempts to parse the input string as Float. If it's empty or contains 'Na', then returns Nan; otherwise tries parsing
43336: This line of Python script returns the same result as list comprehension, but written more concisely. It filters out any empty elements from 'lst
43337: This Python function calculates the absolute difference between corresponding elements of two lists and sums them up. It uses builtin functions like `zip` to pair
43338: A list of 'ones' with length equal to the input number. This is used as an example signal, often found within digital systems and algorithms where
43339: This Python function takes an input list of strings and returns the same output as if it were to process each string element one by on with filter() method
43340: This is an implementation of the Euclidean algorithm to find greatest common divisor. It uses division and remainder operations until it finds that there are no more
43341: This Python script generates an array of the maximum width values from each line. It then returns and prints out to stdout, or can be used as
43342: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same number. It's just returning whatever is passed in, which can be useful when debugging
43343: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is equivalent to level multiplied by two fifty percent. It's used in various calculations and
43344: This function checks if the longitudes of two locations are in opposite directions or far apart. If they're, it returns True; otherwise False is
43345: This Python function calculates the average ratings of movies from an input list and returns them as tuples with their respective counts within that data set
43346: This script is used to split the names of features by underscores and selects only 4th part from each string, resulting into 'v
43347: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43348: This Python function takes an input tuple and returns the same as output, but with each element enclosed within square brackets [].  The elements of
43349: This is an implementation of the Collatz Conjecture, which states that every number eventually reaches one by following these simple rules. The program generates
43350: This Python function is used to calculate the output of an operation. The input parameters are all integers and they represent respectively 'input_size', "kernel
43351: This function is used to calculate the length of string in Python. If input 're' variable not empty, it will return its value else returns
43352: This function checks the validity of input parameters. If no setting exists or any required parameter missing it raises an error message stating that these are necessary inputs to
43353: This Python function calculates the product of two matrices. The input is expected to be 4D lists/arrays and it returns another matrix as
43354: Try to access the value of s in dictionary 'jdbc'. If it doesn't exist, return "None".  Otherwise returns that key.
43355: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
43356: This Python function takes an input 's' as the parameter, which is assumed to be of type str; it splits that given text into individual
43357: This Python function calculates the maximum video rate based on screen density and quality settings. The result is rounded to an integer, as it's not
43358: Prints the frequency of each type in dataset.  Returns Session ID and Action from dataframe"  	Type is either 'click' or "
43359: This function checks whether the string starts with "Found" followed by any number of spaces, then ends in ".txt". If it does return true else
43360: If the URL is not None, then it returns that else if there are no parameters in request.args or they have empty values and 'url_
43361: This function returns the URL with an added slash at end. The purpose of adding it is to make sure that all links in your website follow proper
43362: If the user tries division with zero, it will print an error message and return None else returns result of dividing number 'divideNum' into
43363: “A function that checks if the user wants to continue.” Code explanation and usage example(s): """def check_continue(): ... pass
43364: This Python function takes as input the output of an image processing program, which typically represents pixel data with two dimensions and possibly some additional information like color space
43365: This function takes parameters as input and separates them into two lists based on the prefix "ws". If it encounters an unknown parameter with keys starting
43366: Loads and prints out information about loading models in Python using an OS path join function to create file paths with directories specified by user inputted variables such
43367: This Python script is used to extract the properties from an input dictionary. It iterates over each item of 'form' and checks if it contains key
43368: This function checks the first part of an input string to determine its type based on whether it starts with 'allowed_' or not, returning different messages
43369: This function calculates the value of an expression using Lambert's constant, which is π/4 in most programming languages but can be calculated
43370: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cube of that number.  It's simple, straightforward to understand but not very efficient in
43371: This function checks if the given character is at an even index in any string. If it isn’t, then returns False; otherwise True as per
43372: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two numbers, and returns it.  The result is then used to determine whether or not an object
43373: If 'len' of two lists is not equal, raise an error.  This checks that both input variables are arrays with equivalent lengths before proceeding to
43374: This Python function returns the string 'fiz' when `x` is divisible by both three and five, otherwise it just concatenates FIZ
43375: This function checks the state of an application's process. If it is running, then returns 'runnning'. Else when paused or stopped
43376: This Python function calculates the normalized value of two given parameters, 'g' and their respective gradients ('r'). The formula is derived from some
43377: This function checks if there are ANY "points", where the absolute difference between each 'point's position and some specified `limit` is greater than
43378: Retrieves the "Token ID" from 'catalog' dictionary. (Note that, in Python dictionaries are accessed using square br
43379: This Python script attempts parsing each item of the 'sorted() function input, removing any leading "q", and then converting it into an integer
43380: If the input 'object' "is of type" returns true or creates marker objects/dictionaries based on its data structure; otherwise it simply checks
43381: This function takes an array of numbers and returns the sum. It uses Python's built in 'sum()'. 10/3 is not
43382: This function checks whether the input parameter `is` of type Boolean or not; If it’s true then return “True” else false otherwise
43383: This piece of the program checks what type an object is based on its 'piecetypes' value.  It returns either n, b ,
43384: This script is used to generate an array of strings from the given list 'domains' using class and method information about each object within that domain name
43385: This function removes leading spaces, tabs/newlines etc. from the input string `str` using recursion until it encounters non space characters at
43386: This Python script creates an empty list, then adds N number of strings to the end each representing one step upwards on some staircase structure and finally
43387: This line of the given C++ program is checking if 'a' and/or both other two variables are greater than or equal to each, then
43388: Calculates the value of pi based on different technologies and their respective ratios, using an IF statement to determine which one is used in each case respectively;
43389: This Python function calculates the power of two using bitwise operations. It starts with an initial value, then doubles it until its result is less
43390: This line of the given Python script checks whether element ‘tuple_one’'s first item is less than that in 'TUPLE
43391: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43392: This Python function calculates the size of an odd or even number. If it's "odd", then subtract one from total, else add
43393: This function returns the length of an input string. It's used to measure how many characters are in that given text/string, which is useful
43394: This function checks the value of 'True', or any string that contains one/more specific keywords to return true; otherwise it returns false and does not
43395: This function takes an ARN string and returns the first three segments of it split by '/' in reverse order. The result is then joined back together
43396: This function returns an object with the type as 'constant' and value equal to its input. (END SUMMARY HERE).  ```python
43397: This line of the given Python script is creating an empty string and then appending each character from 'char' to it. The resultant output will
43398: This Python function calculates the slope and intercept of two points. The equation is derived from standard form which states that if we have an equil
43399: This function checks if the left hand side string ends with "1" followed by another digit, then it also starts its righthand part of second character
43400: This line of the Python function returns remainder when degrees are divided by three sixty. It's essentially returning what is left over after dividing an angle
43401: This python function calculates the value of an expression which is given by -sin((n+m)/4)*sqrt([(-3/8)]
43402: If the value of 'n' is less than or equal to 1, it raises an error. Otherwise return multiplication result with '-'. The variable
43403: This Python function calculates the Dot Product of two vectors using Euclidean distance formula and returns it as result, if either one/both normalization factors
43404: This Python script splits the input string into its constituent parts, checks if there are exactly four such components and then converts them to an integer
43405: This script filters out repositories based on language, stars and number of issues.  It creates new list with only the required information from each repository found
43406: This function is used to format the data in JSON. It checks whether 'dataype' equals “involved and value”, then
43407: If the length of dockets is 20, return 'C', else check next two digits. Else returns none or default value based
43408: This Python script uses list comprehension to split the input string into individual IDs, strips any leading or trailing whitespace from each one and removes
43409: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an exponential value based on two input parameters, 'a' is set to be equal with one ten
43410: This line of the Python function checks if there are an equal number and types amount in parentheses on both sides, returning True or False accordingly based
43411: A function that takes an integer as input and returns the string representation of it. If not possible, then raise ValueError with appropriate message in Python
43412: Checks if the two records are identical, with an optional time to live check. If they're both equal but have different TTLs then
43413: If the given 'similarity' is greater than or equal to .8, return "High". Else check next condition and so on until no
43414: If the point is above 18 degrees, in positive direction or within certain range of negative/positive values; then it's colored red else
43415: This is an example of nested list comprehension, which creates n params x number_of peaks lists. Each element within these sublists are empty t
43416: This Python script generates two lists of numbers and checks if there is any pair that can be made from the first list by subtracting one number to another
43417: This python function calculates the distance between two points in 4D space using cross product and dot products, then normalizes by dividing each component
43418: Returns the value at index "0" in dictionary 'analysis'. If it doesn't exist, returns an empty dict instead of throwing KeyError exception
43419: This Python function converts the input 'string' into title case. It works by iterating over each character of given String and checking if it is
43420: This function returns the same value in both variables. If 'upp' is greater than or equal to ‘low’ it will return ('high
43421: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the keys of 'matching' dictionary which is presumably containing preferences data from residents who
43422: This Python function checks whether the given value belongs to any of its subclasses. If it does then returns true else false; otherwise return null/false
43423: This Python script calculates the number of unique pairs from two lists. It then counts how many times these pairings are repeated and returns that count as
43424: This Python function returns an integer. If the input number 'x' is even, it will return '-', otherwise,'it'. It checks whether or
43425: Returns true if the right shift operation of two numbers results in zero, else false.  The left and Right Shift operations are performed on binary representation
43426: This Python script converts all keys of dictionary to lowercase and checks if the input string is present as one or more characters within these converted strings,
43427: This Python function takes as input the last two elements of an array and returns them together with their corresponding first element. The result is then converted into dictionary
43428: A dictionary that maps numbers to their respective emojis.  The function returns the corresponding string from an inputted integer num in our case it is
43429: This line of the given Python script creates two dictionaries from 'rxn' dictionary. The first one is "reactant" and second on are
43430: If the length of 'Text' is more than 20 characters, it returns first and last ten letters from Text. Else return full string
43431: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'text' to lowercase using builtin function "lowercase".  It is used
43432: Code is used to get the settings of an object. It returns all available properties and their values in JSON format as string representation, which can be parsed
43433: If the list is empty, it returns that same value; otherwise checks whether first element of each item in 'Process List' equals to string “
43434: This Python function calculates the sum of digits from an integer. It converts each number to string, then iteratively adds up all its individual
43435: This function checks the validity of input parameters. It raises an error when invalid values are detected such as searching with 'none' or controlling devices using any
43436: This Python function splits the string 'haystack' by character or subcharacter found in "neeble" and returns count of substrings
43437: If the destination port is 22, then action should be ACCEPT. Code checks if these two conditions are met in one line using logical AND
43438: This Python function calculates the cross product of two 3xN matrices. The result is returned as another matrix with one row and three columns,
43439: Returns True if the range is valid, False otherwise. The lower limit must be less than or equal to 1 and greater then equals zero; while
43440: This function calculates the linear interpolation between two points. The input is an array of values and their corresponding indices in another table; it returns one
43441: This line of the given Python script checks if an input file' name ends with any one or more characters (. cpp pl tmpl py s S
43442: If 'None' or not an instance of List then return the same as input. Else it returns original value and "Default" in case no
43443: Raises an error if the input is not of type int.  This helps to ensure that only integer values are processed by our function and prevents any
43444: This function implements the Fermat's Little Theorem. It is used to calculate modular multiplicative inverse in O(log n). The key idea here
43445: Initializes the variable "rew" to 1. This is used as an accumulator in some calculations, but not directly utilized by any other part
43446: This Python function calculates the metrics of an evaluation based on its prediction and ground truth ids in relevance ordering with respect to their position within that
43447: This function calculates the overlap of two intervals and returns its ratio. If one or both interval boundaries are not valid it will return ‘None’
43448: This Python function calculates the number of times it takes to reach ‘one’ from any given positive integer 'x' by repeatedly multiplying and
43449: This function removes null values from nested dictionaries using recursion, starting with the top level dictionary and moving down to its subdictionaries if necessary until
43450: This python function calculates the total of 6 times each number from one to 'y'. The result is then returned. For example if we call
43451: This function converts the input string to uppercase and append an exclamation mark.  It then returns it as one line of text with no
43452: This function returns the appropriate values based on input 'mode'. It checks whether it's in one of three modes - pm du or stand alone and
43453: This line of the given Python script adds two strings together. The first string is 'dag' and second one comes from another variable, which we call
43454: This python script is used to generate an unique identifier from the given dictionary. The id generated by it includes all keys and their corresponding values of 'client
43455: This function returns two values based on the input string. If 'Trunk' is set to one of three strings ("OB", or just OB
43456: This function calculates the remainder of absolute value division by dimension. If input is positive, it returns same result as in original version; otherwise return difference
43457: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
43458: This function calculates the ratio of two values x and l. It subtracts value ‘L’ from 'X' to get an offset
43459: This script is used to gather the necessary information from multiple hosts and store it into lists as per their respective filnames/boards names or host id'
43460: This script checks whether the user has provided any command line arguments. If no argument is given, it returns false; otherwise true depending on what was passed
43461: A function that returns an HTML snippet with custom attributes.  The language and the content of these elements are passed as parameters to it via string
43462: This Python script calculates the average of an input list. It initializes 'zero' to be used as accumulator, then iteratively adds each
43463: This function checks if two rectangles are overlapping. It does so through the comparison of their coordinates, which is done in terms relative to each other
43464: This line of the given Python script returns 1 if 'prob' is greater than or equal to .49, else it will output zero/
43465: This Python script splits the string "operation definition", and then further split it by double quotes to get all tokens, excluding any quoted strings that
43466: This Python script converts an angle in degrees to radians. It does so by first converting the input from hours and minutes into decimal form, then
43467: This Python function uses regular expressions to match the input string against an expected pattern, and if successful it returns two integers extracted from that matching substring in
43468: This function takes two parameters - user id and the key of an online learning platform's courses. It returns concatenated string in format '<User
43469: This line of the Python function returns 'amp' plus zero times whatever is passed to it as an argument. It does not do anything with that value
43470: This function checks if the string is either empty, all lowercase letters only and/or upper case letter in any order but still neither of them are
43471: This function takes an argument and returns the string before '@{'. If no such character exists, it simply return original input as is; if there'
43472: This function is used to perform the PUT request on Twitter'a user following endpoint. The parameters are as follows - 'id', which can be
43473: This line of the Python script checks if 'valid' is either an empty string, contains only whitespace characters and/or has leading & trailing
43474: This function checks whether the given file name is of .DAE format. It returns true only when it meets certain conditions, such as its length being
43475: This Python function converts the first two characters of an input string to decimal and then divides them by their respective maximum values. The result is returned
43476: This Python script calculates the sum of all digits that appear more than once. The first and last character are not considered as they don't
43477: This function checks if the distance between two points is less than or equal to 'r' in any dimension. It does so by checking whether each of
43478: This script is trying to parse JSON from the given string of contracts, but it fails when there are multiple semicolons or new lines present within each
43479: This script returns the manual events model.  It's an example of how to create and use one line function in Python that simply outputs "Man
43480: If the input 'pos' isn’t of type Tuple with exactly two elements and each element in that tuples are integers within range
43481: Removes the word 'BETA' from names and converts them to UPPERCASE. Code is written in Haskell language with
43482: This function converts temperature from Kelvin to Celsius and then back into degrees in the freezing point of water, using an equation derived
43483: This function returns the string and its associated color based off of whether it's 'matched'.  It uses conditional statements to check if `if
43484: This function returns the first matching string from an array of strings that contains either 'logo' or one word within them. If no match is found,
43485: This line of Python script returns the same result as ' '. join() function, but in one single statement instead using split and then joining with space character
43486: This line of the given C++ program is an example on how to calculate memory address. It uses bitwise shift and multiplication operations, but it'
43487: This function checks whether two strings are anagrams of each other. It returns false and terminates immediately as soon the lengths do not match, otherwise
43488: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43489: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43490: This function checks the input 'name' and returns an appropriate character based on its value. If it is not recognized, then prints out that unknown shapes
43491: If the "displaY resources' list is empty, return an blank string. Otherwise returns value from second element of display resource dictionary with key
43492: This line of the script is creating an object named 'output_fname' that holds onto information about what file to write. The value it contains
43493: A dictionary comprehension is used to create the 'catalog' from an array of dictionaries. The key and value are derived by joining on one
43494: Code returns true if the input is an even number, else it will check whether or not there's any odd numbers in between. If no such
43495: This function calculates the weighted sum of two numbers based on an input parameter 'alpha'. It takes in three parameters, returns one number as output and
43496: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43497: This Python function calculates the value of an expression and returns it as output, which is negative square root divided by inputted number in python language
43498: This Python script scans through multiple lists of tuples and concatenates the elements into one string. The first element is repeated as many times it
43499: This function returns the concatenation of three strings separated by slashes. The first two are taken from input parameters, and third is generated dynamically based
43500: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
43501: This function returns the color based on disk's 'size'. If it is less than 368 bytes, return green. Else check
43502: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the common elements from both list using 'zip' method of python which is similar to joining multiple arrays
43503: This function returns the last property and its value, along with some other information. The properties are returned as strings in one line separated by tabs ("\\
43504: This line of the Python script creates an associative array or dictionary where each key is from 'priorities' and its corresponding value corresponds to it in
43505: This script is used to filter out parameters with duplicate values from the given dictionary of dictionaries and return them as per requirement using python programming language –
43506: This line of Python script calculates the ratio between two images. The function takes in 3 parameters - 'zpic1', which is an image
43507: This function calculates the center of an object in image coordinates based on its bounding box. The input is expected to be given as four elements representing
43508: This Python function converts an input string of digits and units into integer. If no second character is provided, it defaults to zero if the first
43509: This function returns the result of 4x^(6/7)-8.9%+0, which is an equation that represents y=
43510: This function converts an input string to lowercase, checks if it's 'None', and then either returns the original value or replaces any
43511: This function checks whether the MD5 hash of an input string is equal to 3 zeros. If it does, then returns true; otherwise false
43512: This function takes in the coordinates of an object and returns their rounded values. It uses Python's builtin map, lambda functions to perform these
43513: This line of the Python script checks if "printer" has an attribute named 'enabled'. If it does, then return its value; otherwise returns
43514: If the list has less than 2 elements, it will print an error message and return None. Otherwise，it calculates difference between last element of
43515: This function checks if all characters of the string are digits. It returns true only when every character is digit, otherwise it will return false and stop
43516: This Python function splits the input string on underscores and returns it in title case, ie., first letter of each word is capitalized
43517: This Python script queries the Wikipedia API to get revision size of each page in an array.  The results are returned as JSON format with 'title
43518: Checks if the first character of line is either 'a', or starts with an exclamation mark.  If so, it returns true;
43519: This function returns the maximum of min and second minimum among three numbers. It takes in 3 parameters n ,vMax & vmIn which are used
43520: This script creates two lists of time stamps. The first list is created by subtracting the initial timestamp from each pairing and then sort it based
43521: This Python script checks the last special character in URI and returns everything after it, excluding that specific symbol or slash depending on what was found at
43522: This Python function is used to generate the edges of an undirect graph from tweets and their corresponding comments/responses using recursion method with depth
43523: This function takes an absolute or relative file/directory name as input, and returns the full system paths to it based on current working dir in case of
43524: A python script that simulates the behavior of an electron shell. It starts with all elements in one state and then gradually transitions to another until it reaches
43525: This Python function checks whether the given string is an absolute path or not, and returns only its name without any leading slash(es). If it
43526: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an elementwise multiplication result between two lists. The elements at index 0, then to indices
43527: This Python script finds the offset value of an element with maximum count. If there are multiple elements that have same highest counts, it returns one such as
43528: This function checks if the value of 'test_va' is within range between values from ‘a’ to an inclusive upper bound, i.
43529: If either of the two variables is equal to 'Episic By Default', return true. Otherwise, it returns false/None depending on whether they
43530: Attempt to get the value of 'result' with key named as it exists in dictionary, if not found then return an empty string instead –
43531: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
43532: This Python script is used to concatenates the first element of 'rois' list with all other elements. The resultant object will be returned as
43533: This Python function takes as input an array of numbers and returns another one with the same length but where each element is obtained by subtracting from its previous
43534: This function checks whether an object belongs to the class or not based on its type in Python programming language using `isInstance` method of python's
43535: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'MODE' is either ‘normal’, or one out off two modes. If it isn;
43536: This Python function calculates the value of an expression based on given parameters. The result is then returned by using mathematical operations and comparisons to determine which
43537: The function takes two arguments, checks if the first argument is equal to its second. If it's true then returns True else False – Code
43538: Changed the action of all changes to 'deleted' from actions directory – Code refactoring task performed on Python script using PyCharm
43539: This Python function checks the conditions of variables to return 'True' or print them out. If all these are true then it returns "True", otherwise
43540: This Python function checks the type of movement based on whether it's horizontal or vertical. It takes two lines as input and returns either 'horiz
43541: This Python function joins all elements of the list with specified character.  It uses builtin '+' operator to concatenates strings and returns final string
43542: This Python function checks the difference between two angles and returns their distance in degrees. If one angle is greater than another by more that an extra degree or
43543: This Python script splits the input string 'unitName' by hyphen and then joins it with all other parts of its name except first one using
43544: This Python function returns the dictionary with specified parameters. The 'return' statement is used to output or send back data from your python script/function and
43545: This Python function checks if all characters of the input 'str' are whitespace. If so, it returns true; otherwise false depending on whether or
43546: This Python script sorts the given 3D coordinates in ascending order based on their product of dimensions, ie., first by dimension one and then
43547: This function recursively removes null values from nested dictionaries using the 'data' parameter as input and returns it back to its caller."
43548: Convert RGB to Hexadecimal"  Code Explanation : The given program is converting the input color in RBG form into its
43549: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns difference between corresponding elements in two lists. The result is another one with same length as input but
43550: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns as is; if successful conversion occurs -
43551: This Python script splits the given theme into individual terms, capitalizes each term and joins them together with an underscore to form file name format using
43552: A dynamic programming solution to the Fibonacci sequence. The time complexity is O(N). It uses an array 'memorization'
43553: This Python function compares two sketched arrays and counts the number of matching elements. It uses pointers to traverse through both array,
43554: This Python function returns the keystore file name and type, along with an object of Describing Key Pair Response in JSON format if successful
43555: Counts the number of lowercase letters.  Code is counting from start to end, checking each character if it'a letter and incrementing counter
43556: This function checks whether the last character of 'text' is space or not, and returns either all characters in string except one at end ('/n
43557: This function checks whether the input is equal to “one”. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what
43558: This script creates empty dictionaries and lists to store the results of each type found within 'annotated' data structure using keys from original dictionary as
43559: This Python script is used to split the filename into its components based on either an underscore or dot, and then returns only one of these parts depending
43560: Code performs vector operations on two lists. If the result is not zero then it calculates and returns their intersection point coordinates else if they are parallel or
43561: This function returns the list of all geographical regions. It's not used in any other part, so it can be safely removed or commented out
43562: This line of Python script converts the dictionary into an ordered tuple pair and sorts them based on their keys without case sensitivity using lambda function as key
43563: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43564: This script calculates the number of positive/negative instances. It also compares these with actual counts to check accuracy or precision etc..  Code is
43565: If the first number is greater than second, then swap values of two numbers.  Code written in Python language and uses an 'if' condition to
43566: This Python script takes an input string of space separated key/value pairs and converts it into dictionary format using the join() function to combine all elements
43567: This Python function takes an array of 3D points and returns the y component from each point. The number 'len' is used to find out
43568: This Python function converts an inputted lowercase alphanumeric character sequence into "Snakelike". It replaces each upper case letter
43569: If the 'access control allow methods' variable in request object does not exist, return none. Otherwise do nothing and continue with other operations as per normal
43570: This function checks if the given 'bags' contain at least one shiny golden or other type of container within it by checking each key/value
43571: A dictionary of colors. Each number corresponds to the name/color pairing in hexadecimal format, with “None” being used as
43572: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses Python's builtin 'sum()'. The time complexity is O(n
43573: This Python script splits the string "charOffset" into separate elements based on semicolon (;). It then converts each of these to an
43574: This function checks whether the object's 'type'/className is one of two predefined classes. If it does, then returns that name;
43575: Copies the dictionary 'b' to another one named "c" and merges it with an existing copy of same keys from dictionaries that are
43576: This Python function updates the "From" id in Telegram's API and returns updated message text.  The chat ID is also set to be
43577: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the same output, but with all uppercase letters converted to lower case using ASCII values as
43578: This function returns the three most recent CIVIC data IDs.  The first two are from 'Civilian' and last one is custom
43579: This function checks whether the input string contains any "-". If it does, then returns 'Down', otherwise -> return ‘Up’.
43580: This Python function calculates the number of nonzero elements per list element, and returns these counts as another array which is then returned by main program after
43581: This Python function calculates the probability of getting 'Head' when flipping coins. It takes two parameters - number_of times to flip coin and
43582: This function raises an error when the value of 'm' is not within specified range. It then calculates and returns some result based on given parameters
43583: This Python function splits the file system and path from an input string using '//' as separator, if there is only one part it returns
43584: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
43585: This Python function calculates the value of an option with given parameters. The formula is derived from Black Scholes model and it's used to calculate
43586: This function takes an input string, checks whether it's the FIPS Code of “0” or not. If true then returns 'O
43587: This function returns 1 if the absolute difference between query and some 'sample' is less than half of its own size, else it will output zero
43588: This function creates an symbolic link from the source to destination path in OS level 1 functions like Linux and MacOS using Python's builtin '
43589: This Python function calculates the Apparent Siderean Time of an object. The formula used is "apparent sideal time" which takes into
43590: This function takes an input string, strips it of leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip() method. It then converts all letters to
43591: This Python function finds the URI of an object in Pyroscope by checking if it starts with "PYRO" and then extracts its content until
43592: This Python script reads an input string 'nodeStr' with brackets [], stripping off any leading or trailing whitespace using the .trim method
43593: This Python function splits the given string into hours/minutes and returns total number of second as output from it's input which is PT
43594: This function checks if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array with specified dimensions. It returns True or False accordingly based on whether they're valid
43595: This function calculates the total length of all characters in each word, then multiplies it by 'difficulty level'. The result is returned.
43596: This is an infinite loop that continues until the variable 't' becomes less than or equal to 0. The value of each iteration decreases by constant
43597: This function checks if the two rectangles do NOT overlap. If they don't, it returns True; otherwise False is returned indicating that there are
43598: This Python function takes an integer as input, flips the bits of that number and returns it. The process is done in reverse order ie.,
43599: This function takes three arguments, multiplies them together and returns the result. (code snippet not provided in question)."   }
43600: This Python script is used to remove an item from the list of resources. The operation, 'Remove', and path are specified in JSON format which includes
43601: This function returns the CSR file name. The input is used to generate an output filename that includes "." and ".csv".  It's
43602: This Python function checks the given 'architecture' id. If it is either equal to default or intel then returns specific cache size and double values based
43603: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43604: This Python script calculates the mean, average and standard deviation of three evaluation metrics - Accurancy , Mean Absolute Error ,"Means
43605: This function returns an empty array when the input 'None' or any other type of data. If it receives integer/float values then return them in
43606: This Python function checks the input string 'Name' and returns either “Selected”, or it will return something else based on whether there is an
43607: This Python function takes as input an iterable of tuples and returns the resultant list where each tuple is incremented by 3 on both
43608: This Python script is creating an empty list, then iterating over each vertex and its linked edges to find the ones that are present within another set of
43609: If the number is less than 2, it returns that same value. This function will not work with non integer or negative numbers as per requirement in
43610: This function returns an object with the event details about when curve was clicked.  The 'click' is defined as being performed on one of two buttons
43611: This function checks if the MIME type of an HTTP request is JSON, returning True when it's one and False otherwise – using Python language
43612: This function calculates the present value of an investment with given interest rates and time period. It's based on formula PV = [(rate
43613: This Python function checks whether two variables are equal or not. If they're the same, it returns 'True', otherwise -> "False".
43614: This line of the given Python script adds 'x' to variable "Z" and subtracts one from another integer value stored in varible Y
43615: Formatting json format to add 'message' and count into an object with key name '_id'. Version Added -> 3rd Decmber  |
43616: Return dictionary with 'Message' and an optional Error.  If no errors are present the function will simply provide information about success without any additional data provided
43617: This Python function takes an input PCI address and returns it in hexadecimal format.  The output is always exactly ten characters long, padded
43618: This function checks if the first character of 'name' is "t_" or not using Python built in string method startwith().  It returns True
43619: This line of the given Python script creates and returns an array with frequency values based on number allelses in 'numallales'. The frequencies
43620: This Python script replaces the tilde character with an actual one and changes all occurrences of 'tilde' to '/'.  It then returns
43621: This line of Python script replaces underscores in the string "rp" with hyphens, thus converting it to URL friendly formatting if needed
43622: This Python script returns all files that contain the specified 'keyword' as lowercase or upper case, regardless of their order and without considering any special characters
43623: This function returns the angle between two points in an xy plane. The angles are calculated based on their position relative to each other and can be either
43624: This line of the Python script checks if any file with extensions .jpg/.gif/... is in given directory or subdirectory and returns True when found
43625: This script reads configuration from the config.json file and uses it to set up ESPA, Asterisk Ged Server connection details in an environment
43626: If the configuration object 'config' does not exist then return an empty string; otherwise it should generate and returns properties as XML format with key value pairs
43627: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over two lists simultaneously and appends the common elements to 'list'. The loop breaks when it
43628: This Python function checks the type of an input variable 'Chrome' and returns either string or integer based on its data. 1 means it’
43629: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n' which is equal in size with input number. It uses mathematical formulae and
43630: This function takes three parameters, obsID and label. It then formats these into the string formatting method using Python's built in .Format()
43631: This line of the given Python function returns an integer. If strNum is not empty, it slices off all characters after and including last n numberOf
43632: This line of the function compares two values and returns their comparison result. It's used to sort an array in ascending order based on one
43633: This function checks whether the input `regions` are tuples with either one element only. If they're not of that form then it
43634: This function checks whether the given sub tree has exactly one child. If it does then returns True else False – based on Python's built in
43635: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the elements that are present only one of them. The first element is from 'A' while other
43636: This line of the given Python script returns only first part from split function result, which is name in our case if we have 'f_n'
43637: This function checks if there is at least one hidden field present within the given list of tests. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or None
43638: This function checks if every word starts with the same letter. If not it returns False else True – one liner version of Python's built
43639: This function returns the minimum and maximum values of an array in Python using builtin functions min() & max(). The result is returned as tuple with two
43640: This function checks if the difference between 'expected' and actual value is greater than specified "tolerance". If it returns True, then there might
43641: This function returns the string representation of mesh node and its corresponding id.  The format is '<MeshNode> . <VertexID>  '.
43642: This Python function calculates the proportion of ‘positive’ cases. It uses list comprehension to count all instances where 'GT' is equal than
43643: If the two values are not equal then raise an exception with details about what was "Expected" and What it actually is.  Return true otherwise return
43644: Returns the distinguished name of an object in JSON response.  This is useful when you want to get more information about specific objects, such as their location
43645: "This program prints out 'Hello, World!' and then changes its font to bold."  # noqa E901"""   //
43646: If the 'mediaEntryTags' object exists, it joins all tag names into one string. Otherwise returns an empty str; 1 line of python
43647: This Python function converts the input string to floating point number. If it's not possible or invalid then returns original text as default else return converted
43648: This is an array of arrays where each subarray contains the information about isotopes. The first element in every inner list represents its atomic number and then
43649: This line of the function returns two lists, 'predictions' and ‘true_values’. The first list contains predictions made by our model
43650: This Python script splits the 'photo' URL into its components and then extracts only one part of it based on '/'. The extracted string is
43651: This Python function calculates the heat transfer coefficient between hot and cold components. If either of these values is zero, it throws an error message stating that
43652: If the standard deviation is zero, return 'NaN' as it cannot be calculated in Z score calculation because of division by零 error."
43653: Adds .thumbs in front and jpg at back, making it thumbnail image."""  # noqa E901 line
43654: This function checks whether the document is an instance of Xform.  If it's, then returns true; otherwise false or error message depending on
43655: This Python function implements the Euclidean algorithm to find GCD of three numbers. The main idea is that we repeatedly subtract one number from another until
43656: This line of the given Python script adds an IP address and ID to it. The result is then returned as one string with '-' separating them
43657: Check if there are any GPUs available. If not, it prints "no gpus" and returns an empty list of results – the
43658: This Python function uses regular expressions to parse lines of text and extract the first number followed by one or more spaces then any characters until it encounters another
43659: This function calculates the new dimensions of an image based on percentages. It takes in four parameters - 'row', percentage to be applied along rows
43660: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses built in Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient but not
43661: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
43662: This function checks if the given JSON object contains either 'item' with value of folder, and returns True. If not it will check whether an element
43663: This function returns the corresponding string representation of an integer representing different types or conditions in Weather. 0 is mapped to '-', and any other number
43664: This function returns the part of string before and after an opening parenthesis in Python, if it doesn't find one then return original inputted text
43665: This function calculates the net income after tax deduction. It takes two parameters, 'operating\_incomes' and \'(taxes/
43666: This Python function creates an array of size 'M' with all elements set to ‘N’. The number N is divided by M and the
43667: Defines the default website. 	Type of Code Snippet/Language used in Summary : Python, Javascript or any other language that
43668: If the CIDR value is ‘cidr’, then set 'Mask' to corresponding IP address else if it doesn not match any of
43669: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
43670: A dictionary that maps IP addresses to nodes, if the input `metadata` map and/or its keys are invalid it will return an empty Dictionary;
43671: If the variable 'd' is None, return false. Otherwise continue with next line of script/code block as normal operation and then end execution by
43672: If the input 'Value' can be considered as an array/list then return it directly; else split and treat each element of string separated by comma
43673: This Python function checks the length of an input string, and raises either no error or specific errors based on certain conditions. The main check is to ensure
43674: This line of the script is checking whether there are any results that match with given 'result' and then returning first one. If no such matches found
43675: This line of Python script creates an id from the author and name fields in 'plugin' dictionary. The result is stored back into that same field,
43676: This Python function checks whether the given string starts with "http", then removes it from beginning of that String using slicer [::]. If not,
43677: This function checks whether the length of 'data_points' and corresponding keys from an identifier dictionary match or not; returns false otherwise – one way
43678: This function takes as input the string 'text' and an iterable of strings, "prefix". It checks each element from these prefices one by
43679: This Python function is used to find the unique names of nonempty cells within an array, which are present on any row or even by itself if it
43680: This function calculates the median of an array. It first finds out maximum and minimum values in given list then it subtracts them to get '
43681: If the string ends with "-JAVA", it will remove '-java' and add 'WASM'.  This is done to convert J
43682: This Python script creates an associative array or dictionary to map DHCPv6 message codes into their corresponding messages. It then checks if the input '
43683: Generates VeriLog Code from Python. 	Author(s): [Your Name]   Date of Creation/Last Update :[Date
43684: This line of the given C++ function is returning an integer value. The expression 'in_si...' was shifted right by 20 bits
43685: If the given string does not start with specified 's', then it returns original, else removes and returned.  It also handles case sensitivity if required
43686: This Python function creates an empty 3D array with the same dimensions as input, then fills it by iterating over each element of its corresponding list
43687: If the length of 'Text' is less than 2, return it as such. Else check whether first two characters are zeroes; in
43688: This line of the script is getting absolute path to current file using Python's built in 'os', and assigning it into variable named "my
43689: Generates comma separated list of unique tag names from the given input. If last element is not included, it will be excluded as per condition specified by
43690: This function calculates the value of an exponential decay curve based on time, with parameters as defined in equation provided by user and calculated using given formulae
43691: This script finds the maximum x value of all points within defined boundaries and stores it as 'max_edge_X'. It also does similar operations to
43692: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of an exponential decay curve based on given parameters 'r'. The formula used is derived from physics principles
43693: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an element at index 0 in 'xyCoordinate' list plus another value obtained from multip
43694: This Python function raises an error when the input isn’t integer or it handles only positive integers. It doubles up to given number until reaches maximum
43695: This Python function checks the value of 'Severity' based on an integer input. If it is 0, returns as FAILED;
43696: This function takes an input string, splits it into individual word and then capitalizes the first letter of each subsequent part except possibly at start or end
43697: This function calculates the difference between two ranks. It takes in parameters 'randy' and ‘range’, which represent some data set or
43698: This Python script sorts the elements of two lists and creates another list that contains only those items from first one which are present on second.  The result
43699: This function checks if the given matrix is square. It does so by comparing row and column lengths of each individual list within 'matrix'. If any length
43700: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to add up all elements in that list, then it
43701: This Python function checks the value of an environment variable 'ARCH' and returns corresponding list based on its values. It handles different architectures like ARM
43702: This Python script creates an ordered list of tuples from the input 'edgess' where each tuple contains two elements and is sorted to ensure
43703: This script splits the first part of each deployment string and then removes duplicates to get unique deployer names from given set, which is used as
43704: This Python function raises an error when the input 'X' is less than zero, and then calculates some value based on it using mathematical operations in
43705: Checks if the given points fall within two circles with centers at 'c's.  The circle is centered on one of these coordinates in both
43706: This function checks if the reference starts with "refs/heads/" in GitHub Actions workflow file, which is used to determine whether it
43707: Generates an URL based on the event id in OlimpiaDu's website formatting style 1034678
43708: Checks if the line starts with 'msgid' or an empty string and ends in newlines.  If so it returns true; otherwise false
43709: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
43710: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
43711: This script checks whether the current URL is not from Trezor and returns true only when it's neither of those two sources, otherwise false or
43712: This Python function tries to convert the input into an integer or floating point number. If it fails, then returns as is; otherwise converts and return
43713: This function checks the value of 'originalLabe' and returns an appropriate label based on its content. If it is not one or two parts,
43714: This line of the Python script converts all characters in 'string' to lowercase using builtin function "str".lowercase().  It
43715: A simple command line interface to solve Suduko using KAIDOKU algorithm by Seki Kaido with some additional features like creating new
43716: This Python script calculates the number of times 'val' appears as an element within list "c" using comprehension.  It then prints out
43717: This Python function converts an integer to its corresponding string representation using the system of numeric or numerical letters from A=Z and Z = ~Y
43718: This python script is used to get all the farms that have been previously owned by user with given 'Username'. The resultant list of these
43719: This Python function checks the length and formatting conditions on input parameters to ensure that they are valid in terms computer entropies' requirements such as being
43720: This function returns the URL to cancel an API job run using host as part of its parameters and appends "/cancella".  The "API
43721: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of an image's bounding box in terms relative to its width/height ratio. The result is
43722: This function returns an error string in the format of 'Error From {}:{}.' where `<` and  `>` are placeholders.
43723: This function checks whether the length of 'cards' is 3, and then it verifies that every card in these three positions are equal or
43724: This Python function checks whether the string contains any special characters and replaces them with appropriate symbols. If it does not contain these specific types of charact
43725: A dictionary is created with the key "progress" and its value set to 'Progress'  Code explanation : This line of Python script creates an empty
43726: This Python function retrieves the name of an object from its dictionary representation, following nested dictionaries until it finds one with 'None' or not present
43727: This function checks whether the first character of "target" is an uppercase letter. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or
43728: This line of the Python script checks if one given interval is contained within another. If so, it returns True; otherwise False or an error message depending
43729: This function takes an input level and returns the corresponding value in range of [max_value] by scaling it down to fit within that given maximum limit
43730: This Python function creates an array of unique days from the input data. It checks if each new entry is different than its previous one and adds it to
43731: This Python script splits the file name into different parts based on certain characters and returns one of them as output, which is then assigned to variable "
43732: This function calculates the distance between two points in Euclidean space using Pythagoras' theorem and then normalizes it by dividing with
43733: This function returns the string "&lt;tag_1><b> <text of action name here &gt;/ tag 3". The text inside
43734: This function takes an integer as input and returns the rank of that number with its appropriate ordinal indicator. For example - it will convert '4'
43735: This function converts the input string to lowercase, removes leading and trailing whitespace if it exists in any of its forms; then checks whether
43736: If the length of sequence 'sequence' is greater than or equal to another one. Then it returns zero and counts how many bases are identical between two
43737: Code returns true if the input is an empty string or None, otherwise it will check whether there are any characters in that given text. If so then
43738: Generates list of holiday names from the JSON data.  Code is written to extract and return holidays name as per requirement using Python's List Com
43739: This Python script converts an integer to binary representation. It starts with converting the input into its equivalent in decimal form and then using that as basis of
43740: This function checks if the keys in an input dictionary are present as part of 'valid' list. If yes then it returns true else false or None
43741: This Python script calculates the sum of areas under curve using trapezoidal rule, which is an approximation to numerical integration method used when we have
43742: This Python function takes as input the list of strings, splits each string by comma and appends to an empty array if it'is nonempty
43743: This Python function returns the maximum length of any string found within an inputted list or array, split by new lines ("\n").  It'
43744: This Python function checks if both variables 'X' &amp;lt;&#34;/&gt;"and&#8197;-Y
43745: A function that returns the time taken to execute SQL queries in milliseconds.  The result is returned as JSON object with "{&quot;
43746: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43747: This Python script calculates the sum of elements that are aligned to multiple values. It takes an array 'elem' and checks if each element is one
43748: This function is used to get overspend handling value from the given dictionary. If it's not found, then returns 'None'.  It checks
43749: This line checks whether the given 'Key' is present as an element of any list. If it exists, then return true; otherwise false will be
43750: This function takes two arguments, an integer and another list of integers. It returns the summation or concatenation result between these numbers in string format with
43751: This Python function checks whether the input is either an integer or float, and returns true only when it's not equal to any of these two types
43752: This function calculates the value of an object based on its three properties. The values are multiplied by their respective weights and then summed up to
43753: This function calculates the Taylor series of e^x using recursion. If 'e' is equal to zero then it returns one and when power
43754: This line of the Python function returns an estimate in milliseconds. The value returned is based on some constant, which may be used to convert seconds
43755: Checks whether the given number is within specified range. If not, returns False; otherwise True  [END]   Code snippet provided in
43756: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
43757: This function generates the URL to fetch weather data from OpenWeatherMap API using city id, units and api key as parameters in one line of Python
43758: This Python script creates and returns the list of CATVs from 'names' using if condition to filter out non-"CATVMs".  The
43759: This line of the Python function converts all uppercase characters in string 's' to lower case using builtin method .upper().  It is
43760: Returns an error message when the field does not match with what is supposed to be.  It takes two parameters - 'Field' and both of them
43761: Scales the given value from one range to another.  The scale is linear, and it's not affected by outliers or extreme values
43762: This function opens the notification and handles any exceptions that may occur during its execution, then finally returns nothing after all operations are completed or an error is encountered
43763: This function returns the result of an operation that involves multiplication, addition and bitwise AND. The input parameters are multiplied by three times in each part
43764: This Python function returns the remainder of x divided by one thousand, then scales it down to approximately .69 or so using an approximation based on mathematical
43765: This is the first line of our function, which sets 'v_L' to be equal ‘value’. The return statement returns value and
43766: This block of JavaScript checks the directionality ('value') and returns an appropriate CSS property. If 'direction' is either right, left then it sets
43767: A function that converts an integer to its equivalent ascii representation.  It checks if the input is equal with itself, returning true or false
43768: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43769: This Python function splits the input string into parts based on "-", and then further divides these two components by "." to get module name,
43770: This Python script retrieves the arxive and ascle ids from an input record, if they exist; otherwise it returns empty string or None
43771: This Python function calculates the new capital after an investment with multiplier is made on it, based off of its original value and returns that as result
43772: This line of the script finds all instances where "tokenizer is used to split text into individual tokens, and then find() function from Python's
43773: This Python function calculates the number of Pins based on location. It takes two parameters, 'pinctotal' and an optional parameter named as
43774: If the input 'metrics' or any of its substring matches with one defined in an array, it will return corresponding string else raise error message
43775: This function returns the appropriate NUTS region based on given 'year' input. The regions are defined in order of their start years, with
43776: This function checks if the file "<filename>".jl exists in its parent directory of current script's location using Python builtin modules '
43777: This line of the script calculates an estimate based on population density and number infected. The result is then used to determine how many people are likely affected
43778: This Python function checks the data types of an input and performs different actions based on that information - it returns 'None' when no valid conversion can be
43779: This Python function takes as input the number of seconds and converts it into hours minutes & second. The output is formatted to display only two digits
43780: This function returns the maximum value associated with an id in dictionary. If no such key exists it defaults to 'selectPickerId' and its default
43781: This Python function splits the input string by '}' and returns second part of split result, if exception occurs it will return original value which is supposed
43782: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43783: If the length of 'X' is 1 or empty then return Y else check and copy X to Z; otherwise iterates over items from dictionary
43784: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
43785: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over each cluster of the input data and within that it appends to another sublists which are
43786: This line is creating and executing the command to concatenates two strings. The first string, 'if', represents an input file name that we want read
43787: If the input 'li'st like object isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts have any of these types - return an empty array. El
43788: This Python script converts Roman numerals to integers. It uses the builtin dictionary of roman numeral values and iterates over each character from right
43789: This line of the program is rearranging two lists into one. The first element in each sublist becomes an index, and then it's
43790: If the environment variable 'tripleo.cephansiblesdisknames' is missing, return zero; otherwise count number of OSD devices
43791: This Python script calculates the intersection of two boxes. The coordinates are given in form as ((box 0), ... , [Box n]).
43792: Convert time format from HHMMSS to Seconds. If the input string does not contain ':' then it is assumed that all minutes and hours
43793: If the input 'is instance of' returns false or an object with no name key equals to Conflicts then it will return True else otherwise
43794: This function checks if the input is an object of pandas dataframe or series with group by operation available on it using Python' builtin functions like
43795: This function returns the value of 'text' if it exists, otherwise default_value.  It uses Python’s ternary operator to simplify
43796: This Python script initializes an empty dictionary `p` and checks whether the input parameter 'model' exists or it doesn’t; then iterates
43797: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns one element from an array divided by another. The result is obtained using indexing, which allows
43798: This script creates an empty list and iterates over the given statements to find all instances of agent names that match with those provided as arguments within each composite
43799: Checks whether the filename starts with or ends within given prefixes/suffixe[d] names; returns True when it does so otherwise False
43800: This Python script calculates the minimum and maximum x-, y_, z_ coordinates of an array 'verticies'. It does so by iterating
43801: This Python script transforms the input data by parsing each element of every sublist and appending it to another list, which is then returned as
43802: If the key exists and has an 'oid' field within its dictionary value then it will return two object ids. Otherwise returns none as both values
43803: This piece of python script is designed to control the direction based on certain conditions, but it's not fully functional yet as there are still missing parts
43804: This Python function matches the regular expression "size %". If it finds match, then returns percentage value of that matched string else return zero if no matching
43805: This Python script creates an infinite loop that appends the value of 'a' to list, and keeps adding until it encounters another instance where its
43806: This function returns the minimum and maximum x, y coordinates of all vertices within given list.  It uses Python's builtin functions to find these
43807: Counts the number of times an element is less than its next one. This can be used to detect peaks or valleys, which are important features
43808: This function checks if the value of 'val' is within range. If it isn’t then return false else true; otherwise continue with next iteration
43809: This function attempts to convert the input value into float. If successful, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating an error occurred during conversion process and
43810: This function takes two parameters, 'text' and ‘url’. It returns the result of concatenating three strings together in that order - one
43811: This line of the Python function checks if either dx is less than 0, OR both conditions are true ie., it returns True when one condition
43812: If the input time is less than 1 minute, it will be padded with zeros to make its total character count equal or greater by four
43813: This is an arithmetic operation that multiplies the result of 'a' and ‘b’, then adds it to some other value. The
43814: This line of the given Python script calculates and assigns an index to 'idx' based on two variables, `i` &amp;r
43815: This function returns the item in 'items' that is closest to or on top of variable. The index returned by argmax() and min functions are
43816: This function splits the given string by ":" and returns second part of split result.  It is used to get type from an object's
43817: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns difference between last element in first list with “first” item from second. It's
43818: This Python script checks if the GPIO input is valid. It verifies that it's not zero and also within range of available pins on your R
43819: This function checks whether two characters are equal, but also handles special cases where one character is "v" while the other isn’t. If they
43820: If the given 'pd' object has no value or it can be converted to string then return that same as an output otherwise convert into strings of comma
43821: This function is used to calculate the sum of all elements in an array. It uses recursion and conditional statements as its main operations but also includes some
43822: This function searches the given string to find .m3U8 files and returns them as matches in regex format if found, else it will not match
43823: This function checks if the input string is empty or contains any of ".","/" characters, both at start/end respectively; otherwise it returns False
43824: This Python script creates an empty list, then fills it with the elements of another given array using string formatting and appending to create new strings that
43825: This function generates the Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It returns one when 'N' is less than or equal to zero, otherwise
43826: This function splits the given logical volume path into three parts - Volume Group and Logical Volumes respectively using "/" as separator in Python'
43827: This function returns the type of time period based on an inputted parameter. It supports hour, day and week frequencies with optional month or year parameters as
43828: This function reverses the number if it's negative and then converts that result to an Int. If not negativity is involved in its
43829: This line of the Python script calculates and returns one value. The result is calculated by subtracting "C", which has an index in dictionary '
43830: This Python function creates an empty list with n elements, each initialized to ‘zero’ and then returns the resulting filled array/list as output of
43831: This function returns the system’s name as it is known by DNS. It uses Python built in 'socket', and os modules to get information about
43832: This Python function takes as input the sequence of nucleotides and returns its reverse complement. The mapping from each nt to it’s compliment is
43833: This Python script uses the XOR operation to flip bits in an integer. The '^' operator is used, which performs binary exclusive OR on two
43834: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with data from the given list of nested/dictionary objects using loops to iteratively process each key
43835: A dictionary is created with keys "repository package", current version, newly updated/changed versions and the name of corresponding branches. The values are assigned to
43836: This Python script generates all possible segmented ranges of the given number 'length' from an array with size equal to "range('n')". The
43837: This Python function calculates the Euclidean distance between two lists x and 𝑦 using list comprehension, which is faster than traditional loops
43838: This Python function is used when the event "TransferFromAccountRequested", which can be triggered by an account transfer, has been received. It
43839: This function calculates the maximum distance between two points in an image. The left and/or bottom point is considered to be at "center" of
43840: This Python function takes an RGB value and multiplies it by the given 'factor'. The result is returned as another tuple. – [Your Name
43841: If the last character of 'PATH', it is an slash ('/'), then remove first two characters from PATH. Otherwise, just keep original string
43842: This Python function converts Fahrenheit to Celcious. It takes the degrees in farenheight as input and returns it converted
43843: This function returns the string ' mq_queue '_ concatenated with an input parameter, which is used as label.  It's often seen
43844: This Python function returns the maximum value from an input list. It uses one line of python to achieve its goal, which is more efficient and concise
43845: This Python script creates an object that represents the repository to be cloned. The url is set as file protocol and points towards dummmy git repositor
43846: This function takes an array of items and returns them joined by the delimiters ";" & ",", in one line.  For example, if
43847: This Python function counts the number of bytes needed to represent an argument string. It uses ASCII values and byte length as criteria, counting 7 bit
43848: If the slope of an instrument' s chromatic is less than zero then it returns negative condition. Else return its own value minus another one which
43849: This Python function calculates the sum of values from cards. It takes into account Jacks, Queens and Kings as “face value” points at
43850: This is an implementation of the "while" loop in Python. It checks if 'v1' greater than or equal to ‘’ and returns
43851: This Python function checks whether the input 'dur' or any of its subclass/superclasses are an instance inheriting from int and /
43852: This Python script is used to extract the names of layers from an input list, which are then stored into another variable named 'layers'. The function works
43853: This Python function checks whether the input string is either of specific Boolean strings or numeric representations ("True"/'true'/'"yes"'/[...]
43854: This line of the script checks if certain metadata keys are present within an object'd data.  It does so by checking whether "tagged_
43855: This Python function returns the name of either Player X or An Unknown Players based on an input parameter 'who'. If no such condition is met,
43856: This script calculates the minimum and maximum spacing between consecutive years. If there are less than ten or more recent data points available it defaults to using
43857: Splits the string into list of substrings based on whitespace, checks if it's empty and only contains alphabets using regular
43858: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43859: This line of the script creates an empty dictionary called 'lines' and assigns it to be equal with keys from units, or uses those already present
43860: This line of the Python script checks if 'Value' is equal to either lowercase version ("True"), “T”, and/or numer
43861: This function returns the start and end indices of windows in an array. The number '(m/3)' is used to calculate window size which can
43862: This Python function checks whether the given 'd' dictionary has an entry with that name, and removes it from its contents using pop() method of python
43863: This Python script checks whether the object 'auto_scaling' contains an attribute named AutoScailing Groups. If it does, then fetches
43864: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is calculated by dividing 'rank' variable with another constant and then rounding down to nearest
43865: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
43866: This script creates two lists, one to store the steps that are applicable and another not. The function is designed so it can be used with any iter
43867: This function takes in three parameters and returns the temperatures converted to Kelvin using an equation of conversion from Celsius plus 273 degrees
43868: Checks if the key starts with an underscore and is not of type function/data_type or union.  If all conditions are met it
43869: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns maximum speed in km/h from geo data dictionary, which is assumed to be provided as
43870: This function takes keyword arguments and returns them as dictionary. It is used to set the parameters of an RNN model, such like number layers or drop
43871: Code is used to perform an operation. – Action performed by the program depends on what it receives as input and returns output based upon that received in
43872: This Python function converts the input to either an integer or floating point number, depending on whether it can be converted. If not possible then returns as
43873: This function checks if the input is greater than 3 and assigns boolean values to 'value', whether it'd be true or false. It
43874: This Python script attempts to convert the input short name into an integer. If it fails, then instead of raising and exception (_long_), _sh
43875: This Python script generates and returns the list of lists 'L' which is composed by three elements each one from [0 to n] where i=
43876: A dictionary is created with the keys as 'First' and ‘Last’. The values are assigned to these two variables respectively in line one of
43877: This line of the Python script calculates and assigns to variable 'd' value which is half that from input parameter, ie., ρ
43878: This Python function flattens an arbitrarily deeply embedded lists into one single level of depth using recursion and the builtin `isInstance`
43879: This function looks at the 'arches' list and checks if there are any entries with an associated tag named ‘introducted-(architecture
43880: This Python script creates and returns the square of numbers from min to Max. The result is calculated by subtracting squared sums respectively which are squares difference
43881: This Python function calculates the changes in vCPUs and memory based on differences between two flavors. It uses these values to determine if any of those
43882: Checks whether the first and last elements of an array are not parentheses. If they aren't, it raises "invalid value" error
43883: Copies the values of all keys from one dictionary to another, overwriting any existing key with same name on destination dictioanary if it exists
43884: This line of the Python function checks if magnitude is within given range. It returns True or False based on whether it's true/false respectively,
43885: This Python function returns the first element of list 'x' that is equal to parameter value. If no such elements exist it will return None or last
43886: If the total number of true positives, false negatives and flips are zero it returns '0'. Else calculates precision as TP
43887: This Python function pads the length of each string within an input list with zeros. The maximum padding is determined by finding and replacing all instances where there
43888: This Python script calculates the ceiling of division result by b and returns it as an integer, similar to using '//' operator in other languages like
43889: This line of Python script sorts the given sequence by length in descending order. The lambda function is used to specify that sorting should be done
43890: Set the JSON schemas host to not used.  Return updated config dictionary with new value set in it."  	Type of Code Snippet
43891: This function returns the HTML tags enclosed within two < and > symbols. The input is 'text' which will be placed between these characters, while
43892: This function calculates the range of data in an array. It takes two parameters, 'array' and returns their difference as result which is calculated by
43893: This Python function splits the inputted 'string' into its constituent segments using '.', and then returns one of those elements if it exists,
43894: This Python script splits the input date into components and returns them in order as integers - Month Day Year – using only one line of pythonic
43895: This Python script converts the given input 'dictionary' into another format using list comprehension and returns it as output with key value pairs reversed
43896: If the key 'TTS' exists, get its value from dictionary `cfg`; otherwise set it to default_value and then retrieve that result
43897: If either vector is empty, return false. Otherwise continue with the rest of your function...  [...]   # TODO - complete as per requirements in
43898: Code is an empty function that returns nothing. It's just there to satisfy the requirement of having at least one line in your solution, but it
43899: If the first characters of two strings are equal then it calls recursively with remaining parts. Else if they're not equivalent we calculate minimum cost
43900: This Python function calculates the minimum difference between two angles, taking into account that one angle is always less than or equal to another. If both are
43901: Code is an expression that returns true or false. It's used to control the flow of execution in conditional statements like IF, ELSE and SW
43902: Checks the number's range and returns an appropriate value.  If it is within one of two predefined ranges, then its numeric
43903: This script creates an array of strings from the input list. The string formatting is done to include double quotes around each element and also adding another pair
43904: Create and return an object with the specified properties.  The 'Modal' type of action is created using Slack API v1 method call to create
43905: This piece of Python script is implementing an algorithm that uses different types or policies to navigate through the environment. The index 'policies' determines which
43906: This line of the given Python script returns maximum length among all names in "benchmark list". It uses map function to apply lambda on each item
43907: This line of the script converts all elements within 'bound' lists to float type.  It then assigns these new values back into their respective
43908: This Python script checks the input string and assigns an appropriate character to 'label' based on its content. If none of these conditions are met,
43909: This Python function takes as input the text of an HTML document, and returns only those parts that contain 'figcaption' elements with alt attributes present within
43910: This Python function compares two sequences and returns the index of their first difference. If there is no such pair, it will return -1 indicating that
43911: This function checks whether the given price is at an overbought or oversold state. It returns either "over" (-1), under ("+
43912: This Python function generates HTML span tags with the specified number of white space. The generated string is then returned as an output from that specific method call in
43913: This Python function returns the name of player who has scored more points. If both players have equal scores, it will return 'tie'. The score
43914: This Python function calculates the difference between two rows of data and returns it as an output. The input is four variables that represent different types or scales
43915: This Python function tries to return the appropriate number based on an integer 'input' parameter. If it can find that specific combination of numbers within its parameters
43916: This Python function is used to create an empty dictionary and populates it with the specified keys from another given dict. If any of these key does not
43917: This Python function calculates the average energy consumption of an electric vehicle. The input parameters are 'ea' which is total amount consumed in kWh,
43918: This Python function checks if the input string is palindrome or not. It does so by comparing it to its reverse and returns True only when they
43919: This function checks if the schema of DSS has columns that are geographic points.  It does so by iterating over all column names and checking
43920: This Python function takes an option dictionary with the key "block size" as its parameter. It then returns four values based on these parameters - first two
43921: Creates two dictionaries from the list 'sol' where each key is an element of one dictionary and its value corresponds to another. The first filter
43922: This function returns the string ""/keypress/"" followed by whatever argument is passed to it.  It's used in conjunction with event handling
43923: This Python function takes three arguments and returns them as dictionaries. The first two are converted to floats; the third is also treated like an angle
43924: This function adds three floating point numbers together.  The first two are input parameters, and the third is an additional parameter that's added to all
43925: This python script calculates the dot product of two vectors. The input is given as 4D lists and output will be an integer value representing their
43926: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
43927: This function parses the first number in an input string that is separated by 'X' and converts it to Float 30.9
43928: This Python script counts the number of occurrences within two lists, and returns that count as "number". The first list is 'line' which
43929: This Python script splits the given string into two consecutive sentences using specified separators, then creates tuples of each pair from these separated strings and
43930: This Python function calculates the value of 'a' in equation A*B**C where B and C are given as input parameters, using an
43931: This function returns the level of severity based on average value, with levels defined as low ("< 3"), medium(">= 4 but <6
43932: This function checks if the URL starts with either 'HTTP' or 'HTTPS', and returns it in its original form, otherwise prepends
43933: This Python script counts the number of tuples in an input list. It starts by initializing counter to  zero then checks if each element within
43934: This Python script creates and populates the dictionary 'vol' with keys from another dict called ‘volume’. The values are then assigned to these
43935: This Python function checks whether an input `is instance` to one among 3 types - int/bool ,str and tuples. If it
43936: This is an example of conditional statement in Python. It checks whether the value stored at 'x' variable greater than zero, and returns that same number
43937: This Python script uses the 'get' method to access data from an array. The index is determined by different methods, such as file or specific records
43938: This line of the Python function returns an integer that is calculated by subtracting one from its input, then dividing it with two. The resultant
43939: This Python script generates an array of 10,987 strings from the input sequence. Each string is padded with zeros to ensure
43940: This Python script splits the string of categories into dictionaries where each key is one part and its value corresponds to another specific piece from that same '
43941: "Use Docker and Include docker compose in the project" }.  This is an example of how to set up your environment variables using
43942: If the given 'type' matches with an instance of, returns that. Otherwise it just return original value as output – one line only function in
43943: This line of Python function returns the rounded version level multiplied by ten. The result is then divided to get an integer value between -9 and +
43944: This Python function splits the input string into separate sentences using new paragraphs as delimiters, then removes any trailing whitespace from each sentence
43945: This script copies values from one dictionary to another while checking the data's consistency between them by comparing their datatypes using Python builtin functions '
43946: This Python script splits the 'WHERE' clause into key/value pairs and stores them as dictionary objects with keys being column names from WHERE statement while
43947: This Python function calculates the coordinates of four corners in an image given its size and number. The cells are assumed to be square with equal width/
43948: This Python function takes two lists of RGB values as input and returns the resultant list by performing an arithmetic operation on each pair from these inputs.
43949: This function takes in the name of an image file, and if it is less than 8 characters long then adds zeros to make its length equal
43950: This Python function returns the string representation of an input 'severty' value. If it is not recognized, then return unknown as default case in else
43951: This Python function counts the number of times it's called within its own module to ensure that there are no circular import issues in your project by checking
43952: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
43953: This Python script splits the input string into lines, then further breaks each of those individual strings by tab character and returns them as list within another lists
43954: This function returns the sum of two numbers. It's very simple and easy to understand but it doesn’t do much else in terms functional programming
43955: If the input string 'stx' does not exist, return it as such; otherwise replace all spaces and parentheses in that given text with
43956: This Python function calculates the number of adjacent mines around each cell. The result is stored as an array 'cals' which has dimensions length x
43957: This function takes an input string, removes trailing whitespace from the end of it and then adds newline character at its beginning to create one single
43958: This script attempts to get the version of an installed Python library using `pkgutils`, if it's not found then prints out error messages and
43959: This line of the function returns one less than both input variables 'x' and ‘y’. The operation is done in such way that it
43960: This line of the Python script checks if an endline character is one that can be used to terminating lines in different operating systems. The list includes
43961: This Python function calculates the average of List V and T. The list elements are multiplied together, then divided by six to get an overall result
43962: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number 'n'. The result is returned as ‘return’. It uses loop to calculate
43963: Throw an error when the input is not within valid range. If it's in correct format then perform bitwise left shift operation on given integer
43964: This function uses recursion to navigate through nested dictionaries. It checks whether the input 'Path' variable contains only strings and returns an error message otherwise
43965: This function implements the Extended Euclidian Algorithm to find gcd of two numbers. If 'B' is zero then it returns one number
43966: This script loops over the list of 'packagess' from an external file to create dictionaries with names as keys & repositories/URLs
43967: This program converts weight from pounds to kilograms or vice versa based on the input and output units specified by user in Python language using t
43968: This Python function checks the input 'Comparts' and converts it to lowercase or lowers each item of an array/list depending on its
43969: This function takes in text as input and returns the same string but with all spaces replaced by underscores. The result is then converted to lowec
43970: This Python function takes as input an arbitrary nested lists and returns the same output but with all elements flattened into one level of depth using recursion
43971: This Python function converts all the characters in an input string to uppercase and checks if it is possible that every character of these new strings are either
43972: If the file's byte count is less than 8396 bytes, it returns 'file_name.txt'. Otherwise -> Code
43973: This function filters out the digits, plus or minus signs from an input string. It also excludes slashes (/), multiplication (*).  The
43974: This Python function takes in an array of numbers and returns the coordinates that would be used to draw rectangles on screen. The rectangle's width is
43975: This line of the Python script is used to initialize an empty string. It then checks if 'len' function returns zero, which means that it
43976: This script is used to set the paths of data files needed in other parts or scripts that require these file locations as inputs." (END OF
43977: If the starting time is later than ending then return Ending Time and Starting Times in minutes else Return Startig Minutes &End of Code:]
43978: This function returns the part of string after and including '('. If it doesn't find any parentheses, then return whole inputted type str
43979: This Python function generates two values based on the instance number and an input parameter. The first value is calculated by subtracting one from 'total perturbations'
43980: This Python function swaps two numbers and returns the result of an XOR operation between them. The loop continues until there is no more 'f'
43981: Returns the first 9 characters of 'date' string. This is used to get only year, month and day from datetime object in python programming language
43982: Code is returning the input text as it's.  It doesn’t do anything with that data, just returns what was passed in and does
43983: If no policy rule exists in the firewall configuration then it returns an empty string; otherwise depending on whether or not there's input/output traffic
43984: This function returns the string 'acknowledgments' from an array of paths. It is used to identify which path corresponds with acknowledgements files
43985: The function returns 'False' if the input is not an integer. If it does, then checks whether its value lies between 0 and n/
43986: This line of Python function calculates the percentage by multiplying and dividing. The result is then returned as an integer, which can be used in
43987: This Python script checks the input string 'name' and assigns an output based on whether it is one of several possible names. If none match,
43988: Configuration settings and defaults are set up in the configuration dictionary 'config'.  The JWToken class is used to generate tokens from these configurations, with
43989: This function takes the string 'name' as input, splits it into individual word/s using space ('') and returns its count. It checks
43990: This function returns the XML representation of granting permissions to an user with specific ID, name and permission level in AWS IAM service using Canoncial
43991: This line of the given Python script returns how many elements are in data dictionary. It's equivalent to counting all keys present within "data".
43992: This function calculates the total number of hours slept by one guard. It takes as input an integer representing which Guard' s record is being examined,
43993: This Python script merges two dictionaries by adding the values of common keys. If there are no matching entries between both dicts it will just add
43994: This line of Python script returns an empty string. It joins all elements in the list l into one single, nonempty String and then it is returned
43995: This script initializes an empty dictionary and then iterates over the 'config' map. If it finds any entry where "context" is present within
43996: This Python function returns the total amount of memory in GB. It calculates and then multiplies it by one million to get bytes, which is equivalent
43997: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'info' variable and appends each second element of every tuple to another created by
43998: This line of the script checks if 'version' is present in string, then it finds its offset from start/end using find() function; If
43999: This function takes in two parameters, splits the first parameter into individual characters and returns its last character as an integer or floating point number if it is
44000: This line of the given Python script splits all elements in "stuff" into individual list items, separated by spaces (' ', '\t', etc
44001: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an amount based on hours worked. The calculation is done by multiplying hourly rate with number
44002: A function that creates and returns an associative dictionary. The keys are integers from 1 to three with the corresponding values being strings of length two or
44003: This Python function takes two numbers as input and returns the result of adding them together with some modifications to ensure they are between [min_val=[
44004: This function returns the open 'locations' in an iterable. It uses lambda to filter out non-"opened" or "closed"-
44005: This Python function splits the input string by newline characters, and then appends each line to an output list if it starts with '    continue
44006: This Python function splits the string into segments, checks if each segment is numeric and within range – returns true only when it has exactly four
44007: This line of the given JavaScript function returns an integer value after shifting it to left by 'shift' places and then performing bitwise AND operation with mask
44008: This function flattens the nested lists it receives as input by recursively calling itself on each element of 'result' until all elements are either simple
44009: Replaces the string 'buttom' with an equivalent of Bitcoin in Mexican Peso symbol, and replaces it back to its original form after
44010: This Python function takes as input list of dictionaries and returns new dictionary with all false values removed from each subdictionary within the main one using l
44011: This function splits the input string into an array of individual characters using JavaScript's split() method, then returns that resultant list as output from
44012: This Python script calculates the kinetic Energy of an object given its initial mass, length and gravity constant as input parameters in meters/second^(3
44013: This line of Python script calculates the number one hundredth in kilobytes, which is equivalent to eight tenths or zero point two
44014: Returns 'True' or "Success" when the temperature is greater than observed, otherwise returns False. This function checks whether an input value of Temperature
44015: This function calculates the result of an arithmetic expression. The sum is performed with 'x' and multiplied by nine, then subtracted from
44016: This Python function reverses the DNA sequence. It uses dictionary to map each nucleotide in reverse order and then joins them together into one string,
44017: This Python script calculates the sum of all elements' weights from an array.  The "element" variable is used to iteratively access each item
44018: This function checks if every element of the first input is present as an exact match with any elements from second. If yes, it returns True; otherwise
44019: This Python function splits the input column name by underscore, and then checks if it's either 'nulllumnas', nullrows
44020: This function checks if the file extension of an inputted string is one among several specified extensions, and returns True or False accordingly based on whether it matches
44021: This function checks the input 'word' and its corresponding lemmatized form ('lemma') to determine whether they are identical or not, returning an
44022: This Python script creates two lists by iterating over the input list of innovations and checking whether each innovation is present within another set or not using nested
44023: This Python function checks whether the input values are within valid range and calculates combination using math.comb() in case they're not; otherwise it
44024: Split the input into individual elements, convert them to floats and return as list of results – Code version with brief explanation about what it does
44025: This Python script converts the number e to its string representation, splits it into two parts using '*' as separator and then joins them
44026: This line of the given Python script converts all scores in 'student' to their rounded values. The map function applies round() on each element
44027: This Python function checks the type of variant and its position based on input string 'mut'. If it's an SV or indels with specific
44028: Convert the concentration in mg / L into moles per liter.""" (END OF CODE BLOCKS)]" }]], "input
44029: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44030: Creates an index on the specified table and column.  The syntax is "create [type] of", followed by name, in parenthesises
44031: This Python script creates an associative array that maps each output of the first component group manager module `CGPG` into its corresponding index within another list
44032: This Python script is used to create an empty dictionary and then populate it with data from another given object 'y'. The keys of the new dict
44033: This function maps the input value between two given ranges. The mapping is done using linear interpolation, and then it clamps out values outside of range
44034: This function checks whether the given string is one of several possible names. If it does, returns true; otherwise false or an error message depending on what
44035: This function takes in an input text and returns the same output as it. It does not do anything with that data, just returning what is passed to
44036: A function that takes an access control list as input and returns the same data structure but with each entity's name replaced by its corresponding value.
44037: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44038: This function converts the input 'type' to float  and returns it. If unsuported, an Error is thrown with message "Unsupport
44039: If the year is provided, it checks whether that specific one exists within our list of years; otherwise prints an error message and returns empty string as output
44040: This line of Python script checks whether the input variable 'x' can be cast to string. If it cannot - returns its value as list; otherwise
44041: This function is used to replace underscores with dots. It iterates over the input string, and if it encounters an underline or dot
44042: This function checks if the given `None`, empty string (''), nor an existing item exists within list. If all conditions are met it returns True
44043: This Python function calculates the F score and precision/recalibration based on two provided parameters - true positive rate 'tp', false positives
44044: This Python function splits the input string 'name' into two parts based on its period ("."); if there are no periods, it returns empty strings
44045: Clean JSON by removing unnecessary commas within objects/arrays if they are not the last element of an inner structure; otherwise remove them from all structures
44046: If the object passed to it has type 'dict', then search its keys and values; return first one that matches with given id or returns result of
44047: This lambda function filters the 'source files' based on whether they contain at least one of their dates from an inputted "target date" string
44048: Checks whether the input raster path and band are valid. If they're invalid it returns false otherwise true – based on conditions given in problem
44049: This Python script uses regular expressions to find all occurances of the subbed in given inputted text and returns their count as output, escaping any
44050: If the object passed to it does not exist or its value cannot be converted into any of these types -> return "None". Else convert each
44051: This Python function calculates the checksum of an ISBN. The weighting scheme is as follows - every second digit from right to left multiplied by
44052: This Python script converts DNA sequences from the RNA to protein. It uses dictionary mapping of nucleotide pairs and their corresponding amino acids
44053: This function checks if an item is present within the list of elements. If it's not, then return false; otherwise true or None depending on
44054: Generates the key and value of an object in JSON format. This function is used to convert data from Python dictionary into json string, which
44055: This function calculates the magnitude of an angle in degrees and returns it as part or whole number, rounded to one decimal place if necessary by using Python
44056: This function checks if the given string is in valid file format by checking whether it contains at least one dot and that there are no two consecutive dots within
44057: This function returns the string 'Bearer' followed by an access token. It is used to generate and send back JWT tokens in API responses
44058: Constructs the arguments required to fetch data from either of two provided keys. If neither is present it raises an error with appropriate message."
44059: This Python function splits the given string by "/" and returns last element of split array, then replaces "___/" with hyphen (-),
44060: This Python script is used to calculate the average of each column and then store it back into matrix. The resultant array will be halfed, as
44061: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44062: This line of Python script returns the list comprehension that splits string 's' into individual elements and filters out any empty strings or whitespace at
44063: This function returns the list of tuples that represent all possible combinations with given angular momentum. The input is an integer 'l' which represents different
44064: This line of Python script calculates the value to be returned by function based on input z, which is incremented and then multiplied with another number
44065: This Python script splits the input 'stopId' into its constituent parts, converts these to integers and then joins them back together with "
44066: This Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two lists 'b' and stores them into another list named "c". The function takes as
44067: This Python function uses binary search to find the largest power of 'b' that is less than or equal with number, and return it. The time
44068: This Python script converts the given number of hours into equivalent time in terms. The input is assumed to be an integer representing total seconds, and it
44069: This function checks whether the given URI string has valid format. If it does, returns only its content; otherwise return an empty String ("") –
44070: This Python function converts RGB values to linear lightness using the XYZ color space and then checks if that value is less than or equal zero
44071: This function returns the remainder of dividing 'idx' by four and then floors that result. It is used to map an index into one outof
44072: This line of the given Python script is setting up an environment variable named "HTTP PROXY". The value assigned to it will be 'https'
44073: This program calculates the value of 'nodes' by incrementing it with ‘node’ and then raising to an exponent. The result is returned
44074: If the key 'ttguid' is found within dictionary `dict`, return all values of that specific field as joined by an underscore.
44075: This function checks if x is between the ranges of [3;6] inclusive AND y also lies within any one out these four specific cases. If
44076: Code is an implementation of the classic game "Tic Tac Toe" in Python. The program allows two players to play against each other using
44077: This line of the program calculates and assigns to variable 'a' an expression that is equivalent in value with multiplying argument by pi, then
44078: This function converts the input number to binary and pads it with zeros if necessary. The result is returned in “zero padded” form
44079: Converts the values of 'value1' and ‘Value’ to integers. This is done by using Python built in function "int()
44080: This line of the Python function checks if 'persal_number' is not empty. If it isn’t, then returns True; otherwise False
44081: Code creates dictionaries to store links between mentions.  It iterates over the mention pairs and checks if they exist as keys within their respective link dictionary
44082: This function returns the product of two numbers, but if one or both are 0 it will always result in zero. If they're not equal
44083: A function that returns the dictionary of prime factors and their counts in an integer. If input is 36, it will return {7 :
44084: This line of the given Python script splits 'dl' into individual elements and stores them in an array named `tokens`, then it creates
44085: This Python script splits the given string into different parts based on specific delimiters and returns one of those pieces as output, in our case it
44086: If the input 'string' variable in Python, return "None" as it does not contain any value.  Otherwise continue with its execution and finally
44087: This Python function calculates the angle of an equilateral triangle given its number sides, and returns it as degrees in one line using trigonometric
44088: This Python function calculates the row and column indices of an image based on its height, width dimensions. The formula is derived from standard matrix coordinates in
44089: If the string starts with an underscore character "_", return true; elif it's equal to 'doc', then check whether its type matches either
44090: This function checks the type of 'input' and performs different operations based on its nature - integer or not; lists/arrays are iterated over
44091: This Python function matches the regular expression pattern and returns formatted string based on matched groups in input 'current'. The minor version is incremented by 1
44092: This Python function calculates the average of all values within each key from 'dict' type data.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate
44093: This Python function splits the input message into three parts and returns them as tuples or `None` if an exception occurs during splitting process
44094: If two objects are different or one of them isn't presented then return the title with both object values. Else just returns only their respective value
44095: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on input 'x' and returns it as output, which is calculated using four different terms in
44096: This Python function sorts the top labels based on their frequency of occurrence, then appends to list if they are also present as bottom or middle elements;
44097: This line of the function returns all unique roles in an input list. The 'sorted' and set functions are used to sort them, while keeping
44098: This function maps the given 'sky' condition to its corresponding integer representation. The conditions are mapped as follows - Sky is clear or partly cloudy with
44099: This Python script checks whether the given filename ends with '.mp3' or not, and then modifies it accordingly by adding '_grayscale_{
44100: This function returns the requested data based on whether or not to return all fields. If 'wide' is True, it will include more detailed information about
44101: This Python script finds the longest DNA sequence that starts with an A followed by Ts or G. The length of such sequences is returned as result variable
44102: This program assigns grades based on the scores. If no valid input, it returns 'unknown'. Else return corresponding letter from A - F grad
44103: Code cleans the string and checks if it's empty, then returns length of cleaned record 	or whether first character is not '#'. If both
44104: This function takes in the input as 'string' and replaces all occurrences of "-equivalent" with an empty space, effectively removing any
44105: This line of the given Python script is used to extract and return an integer value from 'iid' list. The extracted values are then subtracted
44106: This function takes in string as input and replaces all the newline characters ("\\\" + "\""+ \\"), tabulation (\") with space
44107: This line of the Python function returns an integer value that is rounded to one decimal place. It takes in input 'brightness' and divides it
44108: This script filters the list of transaction IDs based on certain conditions. It also checks if 'transaction id' lists are nonempty and raises an assertion
44109: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44110: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and fills it with values from the 'fields' list using get() method of dict object which returns default value if
44111: This Python script converts the list of numbers into strings and then joins them with 'delimeter'. The result is printed to console using join() function
44112: This Python function returns the result of dividing its input by one trillion. It's an example to show how we can use exponentiation in
44113: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44114: This line of the Python script is used to extract and return only one word from each sentence in 'text'. The first nonempty string found will be
44115: This function classifies the number of senses in an input text into one or more categories. The classes are as follows, with each category having its own
44116: This line of Python script returns the reverse order or reversed version/tuple.  It uses slicing to achieve that, which is an efficient
44117: This Python function returns an array of hexadecimal strings, each string is composed by two characters. The first character represents the least significant byte and
44118: This function takes an array of Float 3D arrays and returns the average value. The input is expected to be in Celsius, but
44119: This Python function replaces underscores, spaces and converts the string to lowercase before returning it as output of given input 'ID'.
44120: This Python script creates an empty Set and adds the attribute of each row to it using getattribute function from python'set'. The final result is converted
44121: The function returns True if the input 'dictionary' parameter isn’t defined, otherwise it will check whether its value equals to ‘None”
44122: This Python function takes as input an iterable of lists, and returns one list that contains all elements from the original nested/multidimensional arrays
44123: This Python function checks whether the input arguments are numbers. If they aren't it prints an error message and returns None; otherwise return their product as
44124: This function calculates the number of 'four's in an integer. It takes into account if there are any remaining digitis after division by three
44125: Returns the string representation of 'True' if value is true, else returns “False”. This function was used to simplify boolean values in JavaScript
44126: This Python function takes in two parameters 'coordinates' and the string value of one parameter named as ‘direction’. It then performs an action
44127: This is an equation that calculates the speed of light in meters per second, given as "(z/ZC)*sqrt((3*pi
44128: This function converts an integer to any given number system. If the input is less than "Base", it returns that value; otherwise，it recurs
44129: This Python function calculates the normalized gain ratio between two rankings based on their predictions and actual gains using geometric mean method to calculate ranking score which is
44130: Code generates list of dictionaries with docker image id or cpu requirement type/values based on the input dictionary object 'rs'. The added elements are
44131: This function calculates the value of an expression based on two parameters, 'n' and "k". The first part returns n when k is less
44132: This function takes in an input string, replaces all instances of "_" followed by one or more word characters with the corresponding uppercased version and
44133: This line of the Python function returns an array with three elements. The first two are obtained by bitwise operations on color variable and their corresponding masks
44134: This function returns the details of VCS system.  The name and path are provided by user while type is determined automatically based on file extension; Integ
44135: This Python function checks the first three lines of an input string, and returns its content only when it starts with 'TITLE ', ignores all
44136: This function returns the appropriate value based on 'cfr' title. The range of values is from - to . It uses an "else" clause
44137: This Python function retrieves the "score_average.txt". If it exists in directory 'D', then returns two scores from index [i
44138: This script replaces certain strings in the given string with other specified ones, but only if they are present and not already replaced by another function call or
44139: This function checks whether the input path 'path' exists. If it does exist and its type isn’t string then return that same value otherwise append
44140: This line of the given Python script is assigning to `None`. It's not doing anything useful with its variables and just returning them without
44141: This Python script splits an IP address into its four octets and returns them as integers in the form of tuple, which is then used to create
44142: Creates an empty dictionary named 'pin' and assigns the value of key called hash from JSON object. If it exists in JWE then do
44143: This Python function replaces certain special characters with spaces, then returns the result surrounded by tilde marks ("~~"). If no input string was provided it
44144: This function checks if the given variable position is within any of provided interval. If it's not then return false else true – Code snip
44145: This Python function takes an input string or character array as its parameter; it strips leading/ trailling whitespace from the strings within that data structure recurs
44146: This function is used to calculate the factorial of an integer. It uses recursion and memoization, where it stores previously calculated results in memory
44147: This function calculates the offset of an address in memory. The result is calculated by multiplying 'port' with ‘reg’ and adding it
44148: This function returns the list of groups that are editors.  It's part to make sure users in these group have access rights and permissions needed by
44149: This line of Python script creates and returns an empty dictionary. The keys are "phenotypic_data". “Batch” is assigned
44150: This Python function joins all the strings from an input list, ignoring any empty or `None` values. It also adds each character to be added
44151: This Python function takes as input the dictionary `source` and returns another one with only those entries from 'key' that are present within it.
44152: This Python function calculates the coordinates of two points in 3D space based on given parameters. The formula is derived from trigonometric functions and
44153: This Python script reads from the standard input, line by ‘lines’ and generates an array of quoted strings based on spaces between nonempty textual
44154: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway point between max bound & minimum boundary. It's used to find an optimal solution in binary
44155: This line of the script creates an inverse dictionary from 'values' where each key is replaced by its corresponding value. The new dictionaries are created using
44156: This function calculates the heat index given temperature and relative Humidity values." --> 	Heat Index is calculated using these coefficients"
44157: This Python function converts numbers to alphabets. It works by checking the value of 'number' and returning an appropriate string based on that
44158: This script separates the hydrophobic and nonhydrostatic bonds into two lists based on their type of atoms involved; specifically looking at whether
44159: This script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with tuples of actual values from the 'labels' list. The key is determined by
44160: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44161: This function returns the path to save processed data. The file name is derived from input parameter 'yelp_username'.  It's assumed
44162: This Python function checks the validity of an input string. It raises and handles errors when it encounters invalid characters in either end ('()') that are
44163: This function checks whether the first element of mat[] can be iterated over as an array. If it's not possible to do so then return
44164: This script removes the first two occurrences of keys 'key' and then inserts them back into their original positions after removing duplicates from list
44165: This function calculates the distance between two points in spherical coordinates. The formula used is Earth's mean radius, r = 6378 km
44166: This Python script is used to find the first occurrence of an item with matching UUID from given list using 'dictionary' as input, and return that
44167: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44168: This function calculates the polynomial equation y = f(x). The coefficients are given in an array.  It uses Horner's method to
44169: A function that returns an object with two properties - 'Value' and ‘Contains Expand’. The Value property contains the inputted number as
44170: This Python function calculates the area of an overlap between two bounding boxes. The four coordinates are used to define each edge and calculate their minimums
44171: Raises an error when the input is negative.  This checks to see whether or not 'n' has been assigned any value before it gets used
44172: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum x/y coordinates of four corners given as 4 points. The result is returned by tuple formatting
44173: This Python function converts an RGB value to HSV and then returns the hue component of that color in range [o; o]. The
44174: This function calculates the sum of squares from given number to two times that. It's an example in Python programming language, where it uses mathematical
44175: This function takes in the version number as input and returns its major/ minor / patch components separated by commas – one line only solution using Python
44176: This Python function calculates the average longitude and lattitde from an array of coordinates. The number 'len' is used to get count
44177: This function takes in the file name and its corresponding extensions. It then replaces all spaces with hyphens (-), concatenates it to have an unders
44178: This Python script checks whether the string contains ':', and splits it into two parts based on that character using split() function; otherwise returns original name
44179: If the given 'color' is found within our list of colors, return its corresponding value. Otherwise it returns "Color not recognized".  This function
44180: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
44181: A Python script that generates the path to an object in PeekDuck's pipeline nodes, based on its type and name as specified by user
44182: This function returns the world name from task dictionary.  It's used to get data about tasks in different worlds, which is not directly accessible through
44183: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from two different objects. The keys are the same but values can be anything - strings
44184: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The base case is when 'a' equals zero and returns value from
44185: If the WWID is not exactly 23 characters, it will output an error message. Otherwise returns 'nothing'.   [END] Code
44186: This function returns the first occurrence of an element starting with any given string from list 'item'. If no such elements exist, it will return -
44187: This function checks whether the two adjacent digits in an input string are equal. If they're, it returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating
44188: If the variable k is equal to string type, then immediately returns False. – Code snippet that checks whether or not 'K' equals
44189: This Python function scales the input values by multiplying them with two and subtracting one from each value respectively then shifts these scaled results to create an output
44190: This Python function finds all prime factors of the given number 'n'. It uses an optimized version to find these primes, which is based on trial
44191: This line of the program checks if `y_pred` is equal to its perturbed version. If it's true, then we can conclude
44192: This Python script creates an array of winning percentages by dividing each element 'game' with the total number games. The result is rounded to two
44193: This Python script checks if the given object is an instance of Dataframe. If it's true then returns "True" else return false otherwise exception
44194: If the value of 'x' is less than one, it returns zero. Otherwise - does nothing and simply continues to next line with no output or
44195: This Python function takes two lists x and 𝑦 as input parameters; it zips the inputs together into pairs of elements from each list
44196: This is an example of using the get() method to retrieve values from dictionary or default value if not found which makes it very useful when you want your
44197: This line of the script is used to extract and return part from filename that starts with '_' character, if it exists in file otherwise returns an empty
44198: This Python script defines the class 'EmailAddress' that takes two parameters, checks whether they are not null or blank and raises error messages in such cases
44199: This line of Python script converts the given URI to UUID format by replacing underscores with colons and converting all characters into uppercase letters,
44200: This function calculates the cost of additional items when purchasing more than 1 unit. The number and type are not considered in calculating, only their quantity
44201: If the input is greater than 1, return 'Success'. Otherwise it returns an info message. Elsewise error occurs and throws exception or prints
44202: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
44203: This Python script calculates the maximum absolute value of each element within an input list, and then divides every number by that same amount to normalize
44204: This Python function calculates the value of s using linear interpolation. It takes two points in space and returns one point on that line segment based off
44205: This Python function takes in the string "Command Text" and returns its lowercase version with leading/trailing whitespace removed, or an empty result
44206: This Python function cleans the name by removing certain abbreviations and special characters, if they appear at different places consecutively or as part of larger phrases like
44207: This Python script splits the string "sPoint" into an array of coordinates, then converts these values to integers and stores them in dictionary '
44208: This Python function converts Windows style newline characters to Unix/Linux format. It iterates over the input string, and if it encounters
44209: This line of Python function returns the result by adding 1 to its input. It's simple and straightforward, but it does not do anything useful
44210: If the file name ends with .JSON, return it as is; otherwise append '.jsn' to make sure that all files ending in JSON are
44211: This Python function checks whether the input 'filepath' ends with any of several specified types ('*.txt', *.* etc.) and returns true or
44212: This line of the Python function returns True if 'text' contains at least one digit, False otherwise using find() method in python which is used to
44213: This Python script checks if the input string is between 7 and less than or equal to length of six characters in size with no special character present except
44214: This line of the Python function checks if 'sub\_id' is neither equal to one or two, nor starts with DEF_. If both conditions
44215: This Python script checks the status of an operation. If it's 'success', then returns {'command': '', msg''}. Else, depending
44216: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual "words" using space as delimiter and returns them in list format, which is
44217: This function checks whether the input 'value' starts with an equals sign (' =') or not by using Python’s built in `isinstanc
44218: Throw an error when the input is not valid.  The message "number should have to by greater than zero" will appear in case of invalid
44219: This function converts the type of given geojson object to its equivalent MultiGeometry format. It checks if 'geom_obj' is polygon or
44220: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44221: This Python function calculates the sum of all numbers in an array, then subtracts one number from it. The result is returned as "larg
44222: This function returns an integer based on the comparison of 'high' and its opposite ('open'). If they are equal, it will return zero. Otherwise
44223: If the user has entered nothing, return 'replacement'. Otherwise just keep original value of `input` as it is returned by function else part in
44224: If the input 'str' object has no characters it returns itself else removes specified substrings from its copy of original data and then return modified version as
44225: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44226: This line of the given Python script is checking if there's an attribute named 'rig'. If it does, then assign its value to `msg
44227: If the length of 'command' list is less than 3, return true. Else check whether first three elements are either sys undo and
44228: This line of the script filters out names that contain 'Abs'. It does so by checking each name against an underscore ('\_') and seeing whether
44229: This line of the script splits up an input file name into its components, then returns whether or not that last part is one among several accepted extensions
44230: If the current input string contains trailling white space at end of file or not only in some lines then it will return an error message with start and
44231: This line of Python script replaces all hyphens in the 'indicator' variable with dots, effectively converting it from an ID format to one that
44232: This script counts the number of times each FOV name appears. It also creates duplicate names if they appear more than once, appending an underscore
44233: This function returns the number of students who scored below or equal to 40. The 'for' loop is used here, which iterates over
44234: This line of Python script calculates the difference between corresponding elements in two sequences. The result is another sequence where each element represents an absolute value from subt
44235: This Python function converts RGBA values to hexadecimal color codes. It uses the min and max functions, which ensure that each value is
44236: This script splits the input string into separate strings on newline characters, then iterates over each of these to split them further by tabulation ('
44237: If the input 'None' or string contains specific version, return that. Else raise an error with correct message and hint on what to do next
44238: This Python function calculates the value of an equation based on two variables. The first variable, 'd', is divided by another one called "f
44239: This script calculates the difference between two sets of slope values and identifies those who have exceeded an arbitrary "threshold" value, which is
44240: This Python function calculates the standard deviation of an array. It first determines how many elements are there, and if it's zero then returns '
44241: This function checks if the identifier name starts with an underscore ("_" )or at symbol (@). If either of these conditions is true, it returns
44242: This line of the given Python script is calculating an exponential decay factor that's used to control learning rate during training. The formula uses some parameters such
44243: This function checks if the input is even. It returns True when number modulo by two equals zero, otherwise it will be False indicating that given integer
44244: A Python dictionary that represents the data of an eWaterCycle project.  The keys are caption, domains and authors while projects is represented by
44245: This line of the program calculates and returns an angle that is multiplied by eight. The function takes one parameter, which represents sun's rise
44246: This function calculates the volume of an object given its dimensions. The result is returned as output in one line using Python syntax and without any additional lines
44247: This Python function converts the input list of colors to grayscale by changing all nonzero values into 1 and zeroes remain unchanged, resulting
44248: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. If 'input' is equal to one, it returns "one". Otherwise return as per
44249: If temperature is greater than or equal to threshold, return one. Otherwise returns zero; otherwise it will not execute anything and the program flow continues as normal
44250: This Python function returns the inputted number, but it will return 'value' when its greater than or equal to +/-19. It also
44251: This program counts the number of bits in binary representation. It does so by repeatedly subtracting one from an input until it becomes zero, then counting how
44252: Create health check configuration in Python dictionary format with specific properties – HealthCheck Type, Port Number and Request Path are set as per the requirements of an
44253: This script counts the number of 'Foragers' and their corresponding count. It iterates over each item from ```line``` which is assumed to
44254: This Python function checks whether the number 'N' is divisible by either factor A or B, but not both. If it isn’t then
44255: This script splits the input list of string "tag" into individual elements and removes leading spaces from each element using Python's builtin function l
44256: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with the values of 'base' list. The keys are derived from each element within "attributes
44257: This Python script adds the elements of two lists 'vb' and stores them back into list "a" using indexing. The function returns updated
44258: This function returns the result of dividing its input by sixteen. It's an example to show how division works in Python, but it can
44259: This Python function generates an output by iterating over the input 'matrix' and applying nested list comprehension to scale its dimensions. The outer loop is
44260: This line of Python script returns the filtered data from 'balance' where each element is greater than 1. It uses lambda function to filter out
44261: This Python function calculates the wavelength of light in nanometers, given its gap size and wave length as input parameters; it returns an estimate based
44262: This Python function calculates the average of positive values from an input dictionary. The time line is calculated by summing up all nonzero elements and then
44263: This function merges two dictionaries using the default values from 'name' key. If there is no '_defaults', it will just use data as
44264: This Python script calculates the average number of collisions that can occur when using an algorithm with random keys to generate unique identifiers within its given limit on
44265: This function checks if the first element of each sublist is equal to its index. If it's true, then returns True; otherwise False or
44266: This line of the given Python script checks if all three task IDs are equal to 1, which is true. If not it returns False otherwise
44267: This function takes an input list of lists, and returns the elements joined by underscores. It's used to convert connection data into one line
44268: This line of the function takes an option "Size" from dictionary and returns new shape based on it. The original dimensions are preserved, but now has
44269: This function checks if the string starts with either "www." ("//" is not allowed in URLs), 'ftp:/' ('/')
44270: If the key 'model' is found, load its value from checkpoints. Else it checks whether there exists another keyword named ‘stae
44271: This function calculates the average of two images. The first image's value is multiplied by 'imgIn', and then it gets added to
44272: This function returns an empty list if the 'get' and/or ‘set’ parameters are not provided. Otherwise it will call either `list
44273: This Python script creates an empty dictionary called "ports" and populates it with data from the given list of tuples. The keys are unique
44274: If the given 'distance' is less than zero, it returns "0". Otherwise - just keep going with your calculations and returning whatever you get back
44275: This Python function converts seconds into hours/minutes or days. It takes an integer as input and returns the time in string format with units like
44276: This Python function checks whether the input 'C' can be either of type "list" and also check it as well. If yes then perform some
44277: This function checks the type of input command. If it's either an instance in class 'str', returns as one line output with that value;
44278: A function that returns an object with the type as 'Challege Request' and identifier set to input parameter. (Note, you can
44279: This function calculates the next power of two in binary representation. It takes an integer as input and returns another one, which is equal to 'x
44280: This function checks the type of transport based on its name. If it's one among 'train', then return zero, else check next two options
44281: This function takes in an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace from it using the strip() method. Then replaces all sequences of one
44282: This line of Python script returns the first value from an array that matches certain criteria. The 'object' is used as input to find matching values,
44283: This Python function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is negative, it raises and handles error; otherwise returns as string in reverse
44284: This line of the given Python script returns only one part from an input string, which is always 'curiculous'. The split function splits on
44285: If the length of list 'b' is greater than that from array/list ‘c’ then return false. Else check each element at
44286: This function calculates the result of multiplying an integer by three and then subtracting eight times half that value. The calculation is done in one line
44287: A function that takes in one string argument and returns the same input as JavaScript.  It is used to embed Javascript into HTML using script tags
44288: This line of the function returns three values, each calculated as absolute difference between corresponding elements in two tuples.  The first value is distance from
44289: This Python script takes an input string, and breaks it into two characters at each step until the entire text is processed or there are no more chunks
44290: This Python function returns the dictionary 'dict' sorted by different levels of territory. The keys are set to be combination values from three dictionaries and their
44291: This Python function converts the given seconds into readable format. It checks whether it's greater than or equal to an hour, then further div
44292: “if” condition checks the type of input and raises an error when it's neither integer nor float. It also prevents certain special characters from
44293: This line of the Python script generates two filenames based on an input number 'I'. The first filename is in PNG format and includes '-
44294: This script creates folders based on the hierarchy of directories provided by 'hierarchical' list and names given through "name" parameter using Python programming language
44295: This function calculates the ratio of levels to their two neighbors. It'd be used in creating an array that represents level progression, where each
44296: Checks whether the admin status of an interface is ‘up’. If it's not, returns false; otherwise return true or 'admin
44297: This line of the Python script is splitting up an input string into two parts at each period, and then returning one part concatenated with ".jpeg
44298: This line of Python script calculates the summation or total risk score from each individual list within 'risks' using builtin function.  It
44299: If the list of property names is empty, return an error message. Otherwise generate and join all available keys in one line with spaces between them; otherwise
44300: Creates an object with two properties - 'payload' and the values of these are determined by input parameters. 	Inputs : Tag group
44301: This function checks if the first dictionary is smaller than or equal to second one. If it's true, then returns "True", otherwise ->
44302: This Python function calculates the output of an equation based on input parameters. The formula is defined as "y=mx+c".  It takes
44303: This function returns the path to static score board and its group as public, which means it can be accessed by any user without authentication or authorization checks
44304: If the permission is 'ALL', it returns True. This means that all users are allowed to perform any action, regardless of their role or permissions level
44305: This Python function performs elementwise multiplication of two lists, 'X' with another list,'H'. The result is stored back into the first input array
44306: Throws an error when the input "season" is not within valid range. The value of 'domain' should always fall in [min, max
44307: This line of the Python function checks if two strings are palindromes. It does so by comparing only first and last characters, then second to
44308: Returns list of booleans based on whether each element is true or false.  This can be used to filter out certain elements from the input array
44309: This Python script loads JSON data from the given URL and checks if 'success' is present within it, returning its value or defaulting to true when
44310: This script converts the input data into dictionary format. It uses list comprehension to iteratively process each row of 'rows' and convert it as
44311: If the variable "subscription_c codes" equals to all or none then return an API endpoint. Else check whether it's either
44312: This is the main function of your script. It checks whether or not to run, based on some conditions and returns either True/False depending upon that
44313: This script creates three sets from the recipe dictionary. The first two are "set()" functions, which remove any duplicate values in each list and return them
44314: This script splits the string 'bk_{}' by '_' and returns whether or not it ends with any of ('hover', ‘m
44315: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate and then prints out that it has completed its task
44316: This Python script uses list comprehension to filter out the unwanted characters from an inputted string. It does so by checking each character against all possible
44317: Returns the value of an attribute in dictionary based on its type and name.  If not found, it returns None by default or can be set to
44318: This line of the program checks if character 'c' is equal to string literal "'oo'" in Python. If it does, then return True;
44319: This function returns the possible values of 'status' that are valid. These include “w”, which stands as working and is used when there
44320: This Python function replaces special characters in the string with their corresponding HTML entities, and then converts them back to original form using builtin replace()
44321: This Python script takes an array of strings as input and replaces any string that contains spaces with double quotes. If the original argument is not found,
44322: This Python function checks if the input string matches an eMail address format using regular expression matching in python's re module and returns True or False accordingly
44323: This Python function checks if the given string contains any of three URLs, and returns whether or not it'd be considered an open redirect based on
44324: This function returns the smallest of three numbers. It takes as input two other functions and uses them to find out which one is smaller or larger than all
44325: This line of the given Python script returns two values from dictionary 'm'. The first value is at index 0 and second one in position [1
44326: This Python script generates random strings of length ‘N’, each consisting only lowercase letters from the English alphabet and is repeated exactly once every
44327: This Python function takes the filename as input and returns an integer value by splitting it into two parts, then taking one part further to get only numeric
44328: This function returns the concatenated id with ':' and its corresponding versions.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in different environments or contexts where
44329: This line of the Python function returns half its input, rounded to two decimal places if it's not an integer or float number otherwise rounding off
44330: This function calculates the product of two vectors in 3D space. The input is represented as lists or arrays with three elements each representing xy
44331: This Python function takes an input string, checks if it starts with "http" and ends in ".com", then returns the domain name after 'www
44332: This function checks whether three variables are equal, then returns different values based on the conditions met in these comparisons; otherwise it defaults to return an integer
44333: This Python script splits each input string on the tab character, checks if it has exactly 6 fields and then returns none or original lines depending upon
44334: This Python script removes trailing question marks/period from the end of each tokenized word. It does not modify any other characters, only alph
44335: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
44336: This Python script takes an input string, splits it into lines using '\n', converts the first line to integer and calculates “two
44337: This Python script generates the string representation of all elements within an input list. The output is separated by commas, and does not include any trailing
44338: This Python script calculates the power of each element present within 'tensor' list by taking its logarithm and multiplying it with current resultant value
44339: This line of Python script uses list comprehension to create new lists where the value is replaced with 'old' when it matches an existing element. If
44340: This function returns an empty list when the input "value" string, either it's not defined at all and thus return [], otherwise split by spaces
44341: This Python function takes as input an NxN matrix M and returns its transpose, ie., the output is another n x m where each
44342: This line of Python function converts all lowercase characters in the string to upper case letters using builtin method "str".lower().  It'
44343: This Python script sets up the necessary HTTP header information to make authenticated requests on GitHub's API using an access token and returns it as dictionary
44344: This Python function takes in an input string `txt`. It then removes leading/trailing whitespace from the given txt by using two poin
44345: This function shifts the input value 'HTMID' to right by two places, then increments an integer level until it becomes less than or equal
44346: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
44347: This function takes an input variable and multiplies it by the given 'factors' value. If its type matches either float or integer then multiplication will
44348: This function checks if the id of any member is 10. If it finds one, then returns true; otherwise false or nothing at all depending
44349: A dictionary that replaces certain characters with other ones.  It's used to escape special symbols in Python strings, and also converts single quotes
44350: This function checks whether the given list of numbers is symmetric or not. If it's either empty nor contains only one number then returns true else comp
44351: This function takes in the filename as input and returns whether or not that file is an .CSV extension by checking if its last part after splitting on
44352: This line of the given Python script returns only those entries from 'missingResiudes' dictionary that have matching "Chain" value.  It
44353: This Python function calculates the number of ones at each bit position from 3 to n. It uses left shift and addition operations as part og
44354: This Python function takes an input timestamps in seconds and converts it into days/hours/, minutes or second format. If the time is more
44355: This line checks whether the variable 'filename' is not set or null. If it does, then returns "No filename provided".  Otherwise proceeds to
44356: This line of the Python function returns one component from an RGB or HEX value. It divides that particular part by its maximum possible intensity, which
44357: This function checks if the input 'line' can be considered as an empty string (" ") –or“ -” in Python programming language using `
44358: A dictionary that maps the first N elements of an array to their corresponding indices. The function returns value at index 'n' in given list if it
44359: This Python script filters out the characters that are present within an array of strings. The filter function is used to check if each character from input string exists
44360: Returns an object with the URI as '/foo'. 1 line. No parameters or data manipulation required, simple JSON output formatting is used to
44361: This function takes an integer as input and returns it in the format 'HH'. If param is less than 1 or more that ten, then just
44362: This function checks if the input is an even number. It returns true when it's divisible by two, and false otherwise in Python programming language
44363: This function returns the value of 'i' but when it is less than or equal to "19" and greater then, return number as per
44364: This Python script returns the list of items from two lists, where each element is squared. It uses nested comprehension to achieve that goal and also
44365: This function takes two tuples, adds the corresponding elements of each tuple together and returns them as another pair.  It assumes that both input pairs
44366: This function calculates the derivative of an input value 'y' in terms ‘x’, which is equivalent to calculating how much one unit changes
44367: This Python function checks whether an object has the attribute 'provider' and then tries to convert it into integer, returning original value or default one when conversion
44368: This Python script parses an input string, splits it into lines and then checks each pair of numbers to see whether their sum equals 20
44369: This function returns the user id of an input string. The format is "::STRING". It's used to get or set information about users in
44370: This Python function calculates the difference between two adapters. If one adapter is greater than another, it returns their differences; otherwise they return each other
44371: This Python function converts an IP address to lowercase, checks if the first 4 characters of that string are "FE80:" followed by
44372: This Python function checks whether the variable 'a' is zero, and returns NaN in that case. Otherwise it calculates an expression involving x^
44373: This function checks whether the input string is "*" and, If it does not contain any character other than * or . then returns an integer value of
44374: This line of the script creates an array called "cluster sizes" that is populated with values from 3 to n+1. Then it construct
44375: This function sorts the input list in ascending order and returns three elements from that ordered sequence. The first two are taken as is while third one gets
44376: This Python program calculates the product of 'a' and itself modulo some number, with each iteration doubling its value. It continues until there
44377: This Python function converts the input string into its corresponding boolean value. If it's either yes, true or t with any case variation and is
44378: This line of the given Python script converts an input string to its corresponding ASCII value in both upper and lowecase. The function is named
44379: This line of Python script is creating an array that contains the fourth column from each record/line.  It's using list comprehension to iter
44380: This Python function takes in an artist and title as input. It converts the inputs to their respective case insensitive versions by using builtin functions like
44381: This Python function checks if the parentheses are balanced. It uses counter to keep track of open and close brackets, when it encounters an
44382: If the input 'build_config' object has type dictionary then it returns its value of key named as `"Type"' else return first element from
44383: This function returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The input is g, and it's assumed to be greater than or equal ti six
44384: This function checks if the provided ORCID ID corresponds to an actual valid uuid. If it does, then returns True; otherwise false or exception
44385: This function returns the string representation of an integer. If it's less than 10, prepend with zeros to make sure its length
44386: This function calculates the position of an object on one side or another based off its distance from you. The formula is simple and straightforward but it'
44387: Code to read and process data from an excel sheet. ...(rest of the description)."   # Add your own text here, it
44388: This function calculates the relative x and y coordinates of an object in relation to its center. The input is two dimensions representing '(width/height
44389: If 'b' is zero, return the result as Zero. Else calculate and Return A/B in Python Code Snippet"
44390: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then populates it with the keys from all sets of properties, using list comprehension to create lists based on
44391: Removes all double spaces from the given string.  It replaces multiple consecutive whitespace characters with one space only in Python language using regular expression and
44392: This Python script creates an empty list, then iterates over the 'requirements' variable and adds to it any string that is NOT present within another
44393: This Python script reads lines from the file 'names' and returns all but first & last line of that list/array which is done by using read
44394: This Python script is used to reduce the size of an input dictionary by removing unnecessary fields. It checks if each key exists within 'documents' and
44395: If the 'reference' variable isn’t provided, it returns true. Otherwise; when both variables are present but with different values of ‘sub
44396: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44397: If the values of two variables, 'VAL_ONE' & ‘VALUE’ in Python script is same then return true else print "FALSE"
44398: This Python script converts the dictionary 'raw' into another one called "Data". It takes each key from original dict and maps it to its corresponding
44399: This Python script creates an array of two elements, initializes the first element to be negative equivalent value from y and second one is also initialized as neg
44400: This line of the program converts all occurrences in "Sequence" string to uppercase and replaces them with their lower case counterparts,
44401: If the input 'None' or an instance of any type in {list} are given it returns that. Else return empty array/tuple
44402: This Python function calculates the minimum and maximum values of two variables across all given coordinates. The initial value is set to infinity or negative infinites
44403: This line of Python script converts the given integer into its binary representation. The '{}' in format function is used to insert variables inside string liter
44404: Defines the three dictionaries and their respective keys. The first dictionary contains RNAs of lacies with rates as e^(-0). In
44405: This function reverses the string based on certain rules. It replaces all "LL" with one instance of R, and then it swaps every
44406: This function calculates the value of miscellaneous parameters in an elastic material model. The input is "dh", which represents deformation history,
44407: This function checks whether the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. If not, it raises error; otherwise returns true indicating that coordinate is inside bound
44408: This Python function takes as input the result of an API call to Twitter and returns two pieces - list with tweets' text or 'None', along
44409: This Python function splits an IPv6 or invalid input into its components and checks if the first two parts are within valid range of [0..ffff
44410: If no options are provided then return the original ones else check type of input and process accordingly – remove duplicates from both lists/sets based on
44411: This function calculates the electrical resistance of an electron in free space. It takes as input parameters, capacitor value and length scale sigma which is used
44412: This Python function takes two dictionary objects as input, and returns one of the following results based on whether or not they share any keys with each other using
44413: This Python function takes in the string "source" and returns two integers that are derived from it by splitting on underscores (_). The first integer
44414: This function returns the string 'Clean up' if it is found at any of three points within an input.  It also checks to see whether there
44415: Code checks the environment variable and returns true or false based on its presence.  If it's not empty, then return True; otherwise False is
44416: This line of the Python function calculates and returns halfway between y's minimum value minus one, which is then multiplied by two. The
44417: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
44418: This Python function splits an ID string into two or three components based on the 'x' character, and returns one of them if possible; otherwise
44419: This Python script returns the list of all unique elements from an inputted nested 'exon' data structure.  It uses comprehension to flatten
44420: Removes all non alphanumeric characters from the input text.  It replaces any character that is not in 'abcdefghijkl
44421: This Python script splits the input string on whitespace and converts both parts to integers before returning them as two separate integer values in tuple format
44422: This function adds the first value to an integer obtained from second string. The result is then returned as output of that particular method call in Python programming language
44423: This function returns the first and last elements of an input tuple.  The order is reversed in output as per requirement, ie., it will
44424: This Python script splits the file name into two parts based on its extensions and then renames it if necessary, depending upon whether or not there is
44425: This function returns either zero or one depending on the value of 'x' and adds an additional half to it, but only when '-0.5
44426: This Python function calculates the sum of each number from 'i' to "n" divided by another variable called n and then adds that result with
44427: If the database name is 'base', return an object with formatting as Dat{}. Otherwise, append to it in brackets.  This function
44428: If the input 'confidence' value isn’t provided or it falls outside of [−49%, +73%], then return zero
44429: This Python function checks the input parameters and raises an error when necessary. If not, it calculates how many bits are needed to encode one or more
44430: This Python function calculates the Word Per Minute(Wpm), which is equivalent to typing speed, by dividing 'duration' in minutes with
44431: This line of Python script checks the datatype and value, then reverses either an integer or string. If neither is true it raises error "
44432: If the line is vertical or horizontal and its slope changes sign in either direction.  The coordinates of two points are swapped if necessary to ensure that
44433: If the given 'id' does not exist, return none; otherwise check whether it equals to an empty string and also returns null in that case as
44434: This script takes an array of arguments and removes any argument that starts with '__' or contains the equals sign ('=='). It then returns either all
44435: This function returns True if the user's input is neither 'A', nor either of them, else it will print an error message.
44436: This function calculates the grayscale value of an RGB color by applying certain weights to each component and then adding them together with some scaling factor,
44437: This Python function checks whether the input 'is instance of' type. If it’s string then returns True or else return false in case its list
44438: This Python script converts the keys of an inputted dict into integers and assigns them to new key names within another given Dictionary object as values from
44439: This script is performing left shift on the variables 'blockHeight' and ‘Transaction’ by four times. The result of these operations are then combined
44440: This Python function generates an OTP URI based on the provided parameters. The secret, issuing organization and username are all included in it's output
44441: This function checks the classifications of an object based on its properties. If it's classified as 'Other', then return none, else check other
44442: This Python script creates an empty list and then fills it with the values from each dictionary item of 'dataset'. The result is returned as one line output
44443: This Python function takes two matrices as input and returns their elementwise sum. It uses list comprehension to perform the operation on each pair of elements from
44444: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
44445: Generates an array of the first n elements from 0 to m, where 'n' and `m` are provided as input. The sequence
44446: This script creates an empty list and adds each element of the input dictionary to it, resulting into one large collection containing unique indices from every sublist/
44447: Checks whether the string 'input' contains both terms, returning true or false accordingly. If not found within either of them it returns as such without
44448: This Python function replaces hyphens and underscores with double dashes, then converts all spaces to single underlines in the given string '
44449: This line of the Python function converts all uppercase characters in string 's' to lower case using builtin method .upper().  It is
44450: This line of the program calculates and returns Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The first point is subtracted from second
44451: This Python function takes an input string, removes leading and trailing whitespace characters using the strip method to convert all uppercase letters into lower case with
44452: Opens the file named 'filename' in write mode and writes text to it. The number of characters written is returned by function." ---
44453: This Python script opens the specified filename in read/write mode and seeks to end of that specific text. It then writes null character ('\x0
44454: If the image name ends with "jpeg", it will add an underscore and character to its filename, if not ending in 'pg', then
44455: This function returns the name and email in string format. (code): pass_in, "John Doe", 'john@example
44456: This Python function checks whether the string contains any dot ('.'). If it does not contain one then returns zero; otherwise splits and formats as per
44457: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the string "fileSystemtype:" followed by any number of whitespace characters and then another set, which are
44458: If the number 'n' is less than one, return zero. Otherwise continue with calculation of factorial using recursion method in Python language and store
44459: This script returns the JSON version of each item from 'tweet' list.  It uses Python and its builtin json module to do so,
44460: This function returns the string ' Hodor' repeated `n` times. It is used to fill in missing text or to create an empty line
44461: This Python function takes an input value, checks whether it's positive or negative and performs the appropriate mathematical operation to return its rounded down/up version
44462: This Python function calculates the accuracy of predictions by comparing two lists with equal length - one being actual values ('true') or 'false' (-not
44463: This Python script replaces all newline characters (\newline or \r\newlin... etc.) with spaces and returns the updated dictionary 'bibli
44464: This line of the given C# function calculates and returns an Int 1. The XOR operation is performed on two hash values to create one
44465: If the exponent is zero or one then it returns 'Base' else return "Power" in Modulus. For other powers of two and even numbers
44466: This Python script generates the URL to access Spotifys regional charts based on country and time period specified by user input parameters such as 'interval' which
44467: This function calculates the total of all elements at index 0 from each list within 'street' and returns that value. It is used to calculate
44468: Attempts to strip type hints from source codes using lib2ToThree. Returns the modified version of it if successful, otherwise returns None or an
44469: Calculates the absolute difference between two timestamps.  The result is returned as an Int30 type in C#, which can be used
44470: This function calculates the index of an element in one dimensional array. The dimensions are specified by 'gridDim' and it is assumed that each dimension
44471: If the variable 'swap' is 1 or not defined then return values of variables `(y+z)/4` and otherwise it returns reverse
44472: This line of the program checks whether 'number' variable in Python negative. If it’s not, then sets "isNeg" to False and
44473: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
44474: This line of Python script opens the specified filename in write mode and writes text to it using 'with' statement which automatically closes after use is done
44475: This block of Python script converts the input value to floating point, and assigns it into 'value'. If its less than or equal with .
44476: This function calculates the effectiveness of an attack against one unit. It takes into account both armor and physical resistance, returning 3 if it's
44477: This function returns True if all elements of the list are equal, False otherwise. If empty or None is passed as input it will raise an error because
44478: This function removes all alphanumeric characters from the given text. It uses regular expressions to find sequences of one or more uppercase/lowerc
44479: This line of the function calculates and returns halfway point between two given numbers. It's an example to show how Python can be used in
44480: This function calculates the binomial coefficient. It raises an error when given negative numbers and wrong combinations of parameters; it returns one value otherwise depending
44481: If either of the two variables are `None`, return nothing. Otherwise multiply and then returns resultant value from multiplication operation – Python Code
44482: This Python function replaces special characters with their HTML entities. It iterates over the input string, and if it encounters any of these specific character
44483: This Python function checks whether the input is an empty or blank line. It returns true when it encounters one, false otherwise with no spaces in between
44484: This function calculates the x and y coordinates of an object in three dimensions using perspective projection. The parameters are as follows; 'z', which is
44485: This script builds an empty dictionary and fills it with default values from the configuration file. The keys are specimen names, while their corresponding value is another
44486: This line of the Python function calculates and returns cube root value.  It takes three parameters - 'a', which is multiplied by itself
44487: This Python script attempts to print the memory used by dataframe and its shape on disk using `df` object from pandas library with some error handling
44488: If the 'Label' parameter exists, it will be used to name log files. Otherwise they are named without any specific parameters and use default values of
44489: This function checks the name of an alert, returning true or false based on whether it matches any specific patterns. If no match is found then returns default
44490: This Python script opens the specified .csv or text files in write mode and writes to them two lists of fields/data separated by commas each on
44491: This Python function checks whether two numbers are within the same ranges. If they're both between [1;3] or any of them is outside
44492: This Python script splits the SQL query into individual table names and adds them to an array, if they contain '.'; otherwise it skips over that
44493: This line of the given Python function multiplies 'res' by n minus current index. The result is returned and stored in variable "result".
44494: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44495: This line of the given Python script is searching in 'string' if it finds "SPX", followed by one or more alphanumeric characters
44496: This python script creates an empty matrix of size taille x headless. It does so by creating two nested lists, each with 'headles'
44497: This line of the script is creating an array with unique values from two arrays using vstack and then finding their intersection to get all possible classes/labels
44498: This function returns the result of an arithmetic operation. The input is multiplied by two, then bitwise ANDed with another number to clear out
44499: Removes the first and last character of string 'zone' using Python.  The result is stored in variable "return". If you run it,
44500: This function calculates the Euclidean distance between two points using their coordinates and returns that value as an output of your program's resultant data structure
44501: This line of Python script replaces all newline characters (\rn, \newnl or both are used in Windows and Unix systems respectively to
44502: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and then fills it with the values from another given 'keys' list. If any key is not found, its
44503: This Python function returns the name of an output file based on some parameters. The returned string is in line with best practices and follows specific naming convent
44504: This line of Python script prints the value stored in variable 's' and then returns that same string. It is used to demonstrate how variables can be
44505: This Python function converts the given data into MS Dos Date and Time format. The input is assumed to be an integer representing seconds since midnight of
44506: This is an infinite loop that increments 'b' by ‘pow(a, power)' until the result of pow('result',power )
44507: If the attribute items exists in dictionary `dict` then return its value else just returns dict itself  Code is checking whether an object of class "Dictionary
44508: This function checks the type of CSV data and returns appropriate datatype. If it's not recognized, then default to STRING as return
44509: This function adds up the three sides of an equilateral triangle.  The input parameters are named 'lados'. It returns their sum as output
44510: This line of the Python function converts all characters in 'word' to lowercase and prepends it with an underscore ("_").
44511: This function calculates the minimum of two numbers. It takes in parameters cb and cs which are both Float 1D arrays with length n
44512: If the input 'None,' return false; otherwise open an asynchronous sub process to search Wikipedia with user provided term in browser using Browser command and
44513: This Python function takes an input string, and returns the name found within it. The "name" is defined as any sequence of characters that does not
44514: This Python function is used to create the flipped version of each pair from an input list, and then appends these new elements into another output array
44515: This function normalizes the input value between two given ranges. The normalization is done by subtracting min1 and dividing it with max range minus minimum
44516: This line of the given Python script adds two columns from each list in 'row' and returns them as one string. The first column is taken by
44517: This Python function splits the string "s" into two substrings at each occurrence of '!' and returns second substring if it exists, otherwise
44518: This line of the program multiplies two elements from an array. The result is stored in 'a' and then returned by function as output –
44519: This Python script creates and returns the “list of lists” as described in problem. The "Quadrilateral" is defined by its four
44520: A simple Python function that generates the Fibonacci sequence. It initializes three variables to zero and one respectively; then it iterates n
44521: This Python function generates two lists based on the given parameters - one is an array of bin edges and another contains corresponding centers in each interval [a;
44522: This line of Python script checks if the input number is odd, and returns half its value. If it's not an integer or evenly div
44523: This function replaces all instances of '///' with the character "/" in URL title string, which is commonly used to separate different parts or sub
44524: This Python function takes as input the list of integers 'size' and returns their product. The result is 0 if no elements are present, otherwise
44525: This script checks if the file extension of an input is in one specified list, and returns True or False accordingly based on whether it's partne
44526: This line of the Python script calculates and returns an integer between zero to ten hundred. The function takes in one parameter 'value', which is expected
44527: This function checks whether the input parameter 'profileDict' exists and it should be of type "dict". If that condition isn’t met then
44528: If the input is zero, return one. Otherwise multiply by two and then returned as result of function call in python programming language"  	|
44529: This function calculates the value of an equation using linear interpolation. The result is returned as 'x'.  It takes two parameters, "a
44530: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44531: This function returns the concatenation of two strings, with an underscore between them. The first string is "pp", and second one's value
44532: This function reverses the input number and returns it as an integer. If negative, then reverse is applied to its absolute values before returning resultant string
44533: This Python function calculates the value of 'n' and assigns it to variable "len" then shifts all elements by an amount specified. It
44534: This function calculates the value of an equation based on time t. The result is calculated by multiplying 'a' with itself and then adding it
44535: This line of Python script creates an object named 'ypad' that is formatted as 1 digit integer. The input to the function, t ,
44536: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44537: This function checks if the current message is an I command and adds role to user. If it's not, then removes that from users who have
44538: This function is used to calculate the learning rates based on an initial value and number of orders in each training phase, with some additional functionality that allows it
44539: If the given name of an object or its attribute matches one among these specific names, return true. Otherwise false; otherwise it returns null/undefined value
44540: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
44541: This function returns the value of an expression that is calculated as part one, and then multiplied by another constant to produce its final result which depends on
44542: This Python script calculates the total of all elements within an inputted list.  The variable 'x' is used as each element, and it
44543: This Python script deletes all zero m/Z values from the 'Peak' list. It uses an index to iteratively check each peak in
44544: A dictionary comprehension that maps the values of 'mapping' to their corresponding keys from another dict.  The result is then returned as an object with
44545: Throw an error when the divisor is zero. If it's nonzero, calculate and returns quotient as integer division of two numbers using
44546: If no 'FROM' clause in the statement then it will be an implicit module level or function/method. Else depending on whether there are specific
44547: Code is used to convert the given string into an integer. If conversion fails, it returns None; otherwise - converted value of inputted number in base
44548: This Python script generates an array of the first n elements from upolynomial.  It uses list comprehension to create and returns such as output
44549: This Python function calculates the difference between two values, multiplies one value by that diff and adds it to its minimum. The final output is returned
44550: This Python function generates the number of permutations to be used in Monte Carlo simulation. The input is an integer 'N' and another optional parameter called
44551: This function converts the duration in milliseconds to human readable format. It first calculates total number of 'ticks' or milis
44552: This function converts the input data into dictionary format. If it's already in Dictionary Format then returns as per requirement else convert to Dict and
44553: If the object does not have an attribute named uuid or it doesn’t exist at all then return its value. Otherwise fetch that UUID from given
44554: Sorts the list of Event objects by their 'frame' attribute in ascending order, which is calculated as recStartTc frames from an event
44555: This Python function checks whether the input `value` can be iterated over and converts it into an array of values when necessary by appending one
44556: This function returns the sigmoid of x, which is an elementwise operation that maps any real number to its own inverse probability density Function(PDF
44557: This Python script calculates the total area of all resistors and their respective values. The results are stored as dictionary with names being resistor's name from
44558: This Python function replaces special characters with their HTML entities, which are then returned as the output of that particular line/function call or statement within another
44559: Counts the number of alphabetic characters.  Code is used to find out how many letters are present within an input string 'Data'.
44560: This function takes two parameters, num and thing. It returns the string representation of 'number' followed by either an empty or pluralized version ('things
44561: This function returns the value of cell at position [row,col] in an array. The formula is simple and straightforward - it simply multiplies '
44562: This function takes two parameters, 'row' and "col", multiplies them together by an eighth of the total number rows/columns in your
44563: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
44564: This Python script splits the given string into parts based on '/' character, then filters out any empty strings or those that contain '.', ':'.
44565: This function calculates the square of each element and sums them up. It's an efficient way to calculate Euclidean distance between two vectors if they
44566: Debugging tools and utilities to aid in system troubleshooting, process monitoring & analysis." (END OF SUMMARY).'   #
44567: This function checks if an object is of type "SSDF Struct" or not. If it's the case then returns True else return false indicating
44568: This line of Python script replaces '==' with hyphen and removes double dashes in the string "job".  The result is stored back
44569: This function checks if the current turn's mark is in any of three rows, columns or diagonals. If it finds such combination then returns
44570: This Python script creates and returns the transposed version of an input list 'L'. The maximum column size is determined by finding out which one has more
44571: This script renames the keys of 'kerning' dictionary and assigns them to their corresponding values from another dictionaries named as "rename"
44572: Compiles regex to search version string in history, case insensitive and returns True if found else False  Code snippet is used as part of
44573: This function returns the lower and upper bounds of an axis in terms that are relative to maximum possible values. The axes's range is defined by
44574: This function is used to set the parameters of an adaptative Heuristic Function. It takes as input two dictionaries, one with default values and
44575: This line of the function returns whether or no "next" key exists in dictionary 'response'. If it does, then True; otherwise False will be
44576: This line of Python script converts the number to binary representation with leading zeros padded if necessary until it reaches specified length using string method "format
44577: This function adds the values of "s" and 'm' in seconds. It multiplies them by 60 to convert minutes into total time
44578: This function returns the concatenation of two strings. The first string is '{}' and second one has an extra underscore ('_') only when
44579: This function calculates the power of two using bitwise operations. It's faster than normal multiplication and can be used to calculate powers in logarithmic
44580: This function takes three lists as input, checks if they have the same length and returns their product. If not it raises an AssertionError with appropriate
44581: This function converts the input string to its corresponding country name. It uses an IF/ELSEIF statement and case statements, but it's
44582: This function calculates the ratio of each element in three vectors.  The ratios are then returned as separate tuples, one tuple per component/
44583: This function calculates the distance between two points in space using Euclidean Distance formula, which is derived from Pythagoras' theorem and
44584: This Python script initializes an instance of the Nonlinear Optimization Toolbox in SciPy's `nloptr` module using either '
44585: This Python function counts the number of characters present within an input string. It does so by iterating over each character and incrementing count if it'
44586: This python function converts an IP address in the format "xxx."xxx..xxxx into its decimal form using bitwise operations and arithmetic calculations
44587: This line of the given Python script converts time in format 'HH::MM' to seconds. It splits string by ":" and then par
44588: Calculates the absolute difference between two numbers.  num is inputted, and it returns its value's magnitude in terms of distance from zero on
44589: Removes the prefix 'R/' from all strings in an array.  The function is case insensitive and does not affect other characters or numbers
44590: This Python script splits the inputted strings into substrings separated by single quotes, and then joins them back together with additional double quote marks around each
44591: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently due
44592: This function returns the minimum and maximum values of two tuples, which are then returned as separate results.  The first result is from tuple '
44593: This Python script uses regular expressions to match the first part of an input string, which is assumed as 'pod' name in some context and returns it
44594: This function returns the URL of an election result page in Nicaragua, given its constituencies and state codes as parameters." (END
44595: This Python function uses the L1 regularization technique to train an SVM model. The parameter 'lambda' controls how much we penalize complex models
44596: This Python function calculates the Quality of Service based on given parameters. It takes in two inputs, 'period' and "num ref data", multi
44597: This script creates an array by copying elements from the input 'arr' except its first element and returns it as output "New Array".  The function
44598: This Python function takes in an input string of the format "HHH::MMM" and returns its equivalent time value as seconds since midnight on January
44599: If the type name contains ":" then it is assumed to be of form <type>::<member_name> <else> 0.  It
44600: If the last element in list is 1, remove it from array. Else return original size of 's' as they are not valid inputs
44601: This Python script calculates the length of 'bound' and checks if each bounding box is within an interval defined by another variable, returning true or
44602: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs by taking three steps at once. The base case is when there are no more staircases left
44603: This function takes an integer as input and returns the closest Integer value by rounding it to its nearest even or odd position in binary representation of numbers using
44604: This Python function checks the type of 'value' and converts it to an integer. If value has less than three characters or starts with hexad
44605: This function takes in two lists and returns their sum. It uses the builtin Python 'reduce' method to apply an operation on all elements of
44606: This python script calculates the mean accuracy of cross validation test metrics by iterating over all CV result and summing up their 'accuarcy
44607: This function returns the string representation of an ID in discords format. It is used to get mentions by ids, which can be useful when you
44608: This Python function will keep looping until the remainder of `n` divided by 'm' is zero. It then returns ‘m’ as
44609: This function calculates the value of an equation based on some parameters. The formula is complex and involves several terms with different powers, which makes it hard
44610: This function checks whether the string contains either of two special HTML tags. If it does then 'True' is returned else false; otherwise returns an empty
44611: This function returns the first element, its negation and second elements of tuple.  It's an example to show how tuples are used
44612: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44613: This script finds the minimum temperature from all weather data.  It does so by initializing with an extremely high value and then updating it as each new
44614: This Python function checks the value of 'val' and returns it, but only when that particular condition is met. If not then return original values as
44615: This Python function takes an input of type str and returns the reverse order.  It does so by iterating over each character from last to first,
44616: This Python script converts the keys of an inputted dict to snake case and then translates them into camelCase by capitalizing each word
44617: This line of the Python script is returning an absolute path to server key file in certificates directory using certificate prefix and '.' operator which joins them together
44618: If the length of 'code' is zero, return "No Code". Else check whether it starts with either utf8 or ascii and
44619: This Python function finds the minimum and maximum values within an array of tuples. The input is each tuple containing two numbers to compare against one another
44620: This Python function returns three values based on the input value of 'one'. The first two return statements are simple conditional checks. If "one" is
44621: This function takes an 'input string' and returns the same output as if it were padded with zeros to reach length 16. If
44622: This Python function sorts the elements in 'collection' and returns them as an array. The collection is passed to it by using its name, ie
44623: This Python function returns the value of "llimits" header from an input dictionary. If it doesn't exist, then default to '0'.
44624: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the dimension of an image stored in 'filePath'. The pattern used here ("\w+") matches any
44625: This Python script filters out the positive numbers from an inputted array. It multiplies each number by its next one in sequence and returns only those results
44626: This Python function checks whether the input 'X' variable type or its value. If it’s of data structure ‘list', then return X
44627: Generates dictionary of filenames based on the input BAM file name, with additional extensions added to each filename."""  Code Explanation and
44628: Calculates the cost of reward or bonus payments based on type, unique status & number assignments in case multiple are assigned to an assignment group/coursework
44629: This Python script creates three lists by merging two given inputted ones, removing duplicates from the first one and appends remaining elements of second to
44630: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44631: This line of the script replaces all backslashes in an image path with forward slash, and then returns just its base name which is essentially
44632: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from x to y inclusive. It uses arithmetic progression and sums up each number in sequence, then
44633: This function takes as input an array of tuples and returns the same list but with all elements that are one unit away from being positive or negative
44634: This Python script is used to parse command line argument inputs and store them into dictionary format which can then later on utilized by the msiexec utility
44635: This function takes as input an object 'd' and returns another dictionary with the same keys but values processed by some kind of transformation/pruning operation
44636: This program creates an array of five options, each corresponding to one game option. It then checks if the input is within these bounds and returns either that
44637: This function returns the part of file name that exceeds 19 characters. If it does, then return ellipsis with length limit as specified by
44638: If there are no singly counted objects, return the count of doubled ones. Otherwise calculate and add to it all counts from one object up until
44639: This Python script checks the first character of each string in an input list, and returns different types based on what it finds at that position; however there
44640: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44641: This function returns the dictionary containing 'get' parameters and current logged in users.  The output is used to set up an API endpoint with Flask
44642: This line of the Python script returns last word from each sentence in given text by splitting it into tokens and then returning that specific element (-> index -
44643: Checks if the string is not empty and contains only digits or decimal points.  If so, returns True; otherwise False."""
44644: This line of Python script returns the result as pairs from two lists. The first element in each pair is taken by 'keys' and second one takes
44645: This Python function checks whether the 'moves' input parameter contains only valid movements that do no occupy any of its own locations and returns these as
44646: This function converts the given network protocols to lowercase and returns their corresponding transport layer in TCP or UDP, if they are valid; otherwise it
44647: This line of the given Python script returns all keys from 'corenees' dictionary where their corresponding value is greater than or equal to "k".
44648: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
44649: This Python function splits an inputted 'Rose' style data structure into its component parts and returns them as dictionary entries with their corresponding names from
44650: If the lengths of two lists are different, return false. Otherwise check each element from both list against another one; break and go to next iteration when
44651: If the user's account has enough money, it will pay out. Otherwise not possible to proceed with transaction – no change returned or refunded
44652: This script modifies the data by replacing all ‘one’ values with 'zero's. The number of pedestrians is determined using `
44653: This Python script converts the given comma separated string into dictionary format with bearing values and returns it as output message in JSON Format using Flask framework,
44654: This Python script uses the AST of an input dictionary to evaluate each variable and return their values as lists from within another function 'getValues'. The
44655: This line of the given Python script returns list comprehension that iterates over all elements 'features' and applies function type() to each one. The
44656: This Python function calculates and returns an average of all elements present within 'list' as per their index. The formula used is √[
44657: If the list of coordinates is empty it returns an error message else calculates and return position based on given values – only works with x/Y
44658: This script redefines the function to return GPIO pin value from config. If it's not there, then returns default/original handling of that
44659: This Python function checks whether the sum of two numbers is positive, and then returns their division. If not it simply return value '1'. The main
44660: This Python script returns the combined dictionary of parameters and configuration settings, which is then used to create an instance or class in another module/script using `
44661: The Hello World program is an example that demonstrates the basic structure and syntax required in any Python script.""" (END CODE SUMMARY HERE
44662: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase and returns its corresponding translation from dictionaries if it exists; otherwise return an error message indicating that
44663: This function takes two parameters, num and multi. It returns the result of multiplying 'multiple' by ceiling division with respect to ‘ceil
44664: This Python function calculates the quotient of two numbers, taking into account whether one or both are negative. If either number is less than zero it
44665: "A function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string in it." (END SUMMARY HERE!)  ```python_def
44666: This function calculates the effective mass of an object by multiplying its molecular weight, atomic number and some constants. The result is then divided to account
44667: This function takes in an SQL query and replaces all newline characters with spaces. It also removes any leading or trailing whitespace from the string
44668: This line of the Python script checks whether s can be either an integer or float. If it'll return true then proceed with further operations else skip
44669: A function that takes two arguments, 'file' and the values of these variables. The first argument is expected to be dictionary with keys "name"
44670: This function tries to parse the input string as float and returns true if successful. If not it will return false indicating an error occurred during parsing process
44671: This function calculates the average of three numbers. It takes in x, y and z as input parameters; it then returns their absolute value divided by
44672: This Python function takes as input the specification of an algorithm and returns it with all ranges replaced by their corresponding vectors. The 'if' statement checks whether
44673: This function checks whether the number is divisible by another. If it's not, then adds one to make its multiple of that other value and
44674: This function checks if the first character of 'param' is an "*" symbol, which indicates that it should be treated as parameter name in some context
44675: This function takes in an input string and converts it to all upper case letters. It also removes any non alphanumeric characters from the end
44676: This line of the given Python function calculates and returns 'zeta induced' by multiplying an input number, "x", with another constant. The
44677: This function returns the sum of all elements in an array. It uses builtin Python functions to calculate it, which is efficient and quick as well because
44678: If both the precisions and recalls are zero, it returns '0'. Otherwise -> Code is returning NaN in case of invalid inputs or
44679: This Python function converts Julianday to the equivalent of "Century" in terms. It takes two parameters, jd(Julli
44680: This Python function checks the input 'Shape' and returns an empty list when it receives either `none` as its argument. If received integer value then
44681: Throw an error when either 'A' or/and both the other two parameters are negative.  If neither is true then do nothing and return
44682: This script returns an object with the count of each role in Scrumbase. The leader is counted as '1', product owner and scrum
44683: If there are no TidDles with the given Title then return an empty list. Else check whether it is at middle of sorted titles and
44684: This Python function filters out the given list of 'words' from another provided, "main" or unmodified one by removing any occurrences
44685: This Python script creates an empty dictionary and populates it with data from the given list of dictionaries. The keys are unique to each subdict within
44686: This line of Python script creates an array with three elements, all initialized to zero. The second element is set as one and the rest are left un
44687: This function returns colored text based on the input color. It uses ANSI escape codes to change colors in terminal output, but only works with Un
44688: This function calculates the number of ways to tile an 'L' shape with given dimensions. The L pattern is defined as having one cell that can
44689: This line of the given Python script is returning an element from 'stack' dictionary based on its logical id. The result will be stored in variable `
44690: If there are more than one account IDs in the 'events' dictionary then set "Update only to True". Otherwise it sets Update Only as False
44691: If the input 'v' isn’t provided or it doesn‘ts represent an integer less than 3 years old then return "Unknown". Otherwise
44692: This line of the Python function checks if 'temperature' is greater than ∞ but less or equal to ±𝑛−�
44693: This Python script calculates the average of elements less than 'alpha' from list.  The number and value are returned as per requirement, else an
44694: This function converts geographical coordinates to longitude/纬度. The input is two integer values representing row(x), column number in an
44695: This function returns the first 'N' elements of an input list, or all items when N is larger than length/sizeof database item; otherwise
44696: This Python function prints the string "shut down" and returns true. The purpose of it is to signal that an event has occurred, such as
44697: This function converts an integer represented as either base n or hexadecimal number. If the input is not valid, it raises error "Invalid
44698: This line of the function returns True if and only If strings 's1' is not equal to string ‘’(empty). Otherwise, it
44699: This function calculates the sum of all numbers from one to 'n'. It's an example in Python. The formula used is simple and efficient
44700: This Python function returns the tuple with max thickness from given list of tuples. If there are multiple such elements it will return first one encountered which
44701: This Python function splits the input string on commas and then checks if each element is an integer or range of integers using hyphen (-). If
44702: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the input string, then adds an extra dash before it to make output easier on screen or in logs/
44703: This Python function checks whether the input 'is_bool' or not. If it’s boolean type then return that as output else check other conditions
44704: This Python script creates an object with the type specified by 'intt' and assigns each of its attributes as defined within another dictionary. The final
44705: This function checks if the given register is within certain ranges. The first range covers registers 16 to and including B8, while another cover starts
44706: If the time is either zero, one. Return coefficient of linear function at that point in space; else return 'undefined'.   Code explanation and purpose
44707: If the opening symbol is '{', it returns true when closing bracket matches. Else, checks whether its an array or not and then comp
44708: Checks if the four corners of 'bounding box' are inside or on top/left side(s)/bottom right corner is outside. If
44709: This line of Python script converts the given 'lat' value to an eight digit hexadecimal number. The conversion is done by adding it
44710: This function takes two arguments, adds them together and returns the result.  It's very simple but it does exactly what you asked in your question
44711: If the student's score is 83, it will return "0" because its not passing and thus has no bonus points or discounted
44712: This function joins the directory and command line arguments with ' | '.  It's used to create an absolute path. For example it can be called
44713: This function calculates the number of times an object moves within given distance. It does so by dividing total_time in seconds divided with time step
44714: This function calculates the amplitude of an ellipse with given length and width, using its semi major axis. The formula is derived from physics principles
44715: This function returns the reciprocal of c when alphabeta is greater than one minus itself, otherwise it will return an inverse value. The
44716: Returns whether the "event" object's 'evenetNmae"' is equal to 10. This can be used in conditional statements
44717: This line of the Python script calculates and assigns to variable 'a' value which is derived from multiplying "rhomin" by subtracting
44718: This line of the Python script checks whether 'decimal' is less than 0, greater thaan or equal to zero. If it’
44719: This Python script calculates the length of two 1D lists A and B. The lengths are then printed to console in one line using print().
44720: This Python script retrieves the user's group information from an environment variable named "GROUP". If no such value exists it defaults to returning ['editor
44721: This Python script checks the value of 'ts\_ search' and then looks at dictionary keys. If it finds that there is an entry with key as
44722: This function returns the color based on an elevation. If it's less than 987, return 'Green'. Else when its between
44723: This function returns the number of times it was called and how many more calls were needed to reach or exceed 'n'. It uses an "else"
44724: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44725: This Python script is used to find the corresponding value from 'complementIntervalPPS' list based on given timestamps. If there are no
44726: This function takes two bits and performs an assertion check on the sum of them. The assertions are that both numbers should be in range [min,
44727: This function takes two strings as input, 'new' and the subscript of an element in old to be replaced with its corresponding value from another dictionary
44728: This is an arithmetic operation that subtracts one from the first argument and then divides it by another. The result of these operations are added
44729: If the length of 'object' is 1, return its first element. Otherwise do nothing and simply returns object itself as it was given in input
44730: This line of the Python script is calculating and returning one value. The result will be divided by another number, which was passed as an argument to function
44731: This line of the program calculates and returns whether or not 'x' is greater than, less then etc.  equal to another value in variable
44732: This Python script checks the file extension of an input path and returns 'None' if it doesn’t match any known extensions, or else return one
44733: Creates an Image Response Card with up to 5 button choices if provided; otherwise it will only have the card's image and text components as
44734: This function splits the input string into parts based on underscoes, checks if there are more than 3 part or last one is 'Res
44735: A dictionary that maps strings to different representations of lines in the terminal or command line interface based on their length and style characteristics; used as an argument when
44736: This Python script reads an input file, splits it into parts based on the '.' character and then joins them together to form two new strings -
44737: This function calculates the binomial coefficient using recursion. The base case is when 'k' equals to zero it returns one and in all
44738: This Python script generates FIBONACCI series up to the given 'limit' and then returns only those numbers which are evenly divisible by
44739: This function returns the string representation of 0.{}. with precision specified by '.' in formatting method e, which is equivalent to Python'
44740: This Python function takes an input dictionary and returns another one with the same keys but values that are nonempty strings or numbers from original dict; otherwise it
44741: If the ratings list is empty, return zero. Otherwise calculate and returns average of all elements in rating_list by dividing their total with number count
44742: This function calculates the power of two based on user's input. The result is returned as an integer, which means it will always be whole
44743: This script downloads weather icons from the Buen Radar website and saves them to disk in batches of 16 images per batch, using Python
44744: This function returns the corresponding C type from Python's builtin types.  It takes in an input name and return its equivalent c language data structure
44745: This Python script checks two dictionaries, 'a' & ‘b’; If both are empty it returns an emtpy dictionary else return
44746: This Python function checks if the two variables 'bb' are equal. If they aren’t it returns True; otherwise False or ‘None'.
44747: This function returns the value of val raised to power ten divided by one hundred, which is equivalent in mathematical terms with dividing it into hundreds and raising
44748: If the length of 'Line' is 1, return Line without any changes; otherwise replace <BR></BODY with nothing and remove
44749: This is the definition of Fibonacci sequence using recursion. It's an efficient way to calculate large numbers in series but it has
44750: This Python function calculates the ratio of observed stream flow to simulated one. It uses list comprehension and builtin functions like 'zip' from iter
44751: This function checks if the given 'point' is within any bounding box defined by two points, i.e., it returns true only when that
44752: This function calculates the square of each value and then sums them up. It'll be used to calculate some statistics about data values, like variance
44753: Code creates an HTTP header dictionary in Python using the requests library's Headers class and sets some basic values such as Host name ("buscate
44754: Returns the security status of an IP address based on its accessibility to certain types or services. The higher number means more secure, but also less accessible
44755: This Python function checks whether the given 'fraction' of one is greater than, less then ,or equal to zero but not equals exactly at these
44756: This Python script calculates the absolute value of an arithmetic series's summation using two pointers and returns it as half its length divided
44757: This function checks if the result of 3.0 divided by v1 is greater than or equal to six, which means that it's possible
44758: If the number is less than one, it returns zero. Otherwise - continues with next line of codes...::String   else    # Code to be
44759: If the length of prev prediction list and current prediciton lists are not equal then return false. Otherwise check each pair from both sequences using zipped
44760: This function takes an optional string of keyword arguments and converts it into dictionary format if provided; otherwise returns empty dict as default value or no operation performed
44761: This Python function calculates the GINI index of an input list. The labels are treated as unique and their frequencies count is used to calculate its
44762: This line of the given Python script checks if an input string is in hexadecimal format. If it's not four characters long or contains
44763: This Python function calculates the result of subtracting 'percentage' from 10 times more than what is expected, then negating that value
44764: Code is returning true if the string contains only alphanumeric characters. If not, it returns false and prints an error message to console with details
44765: This Python script converts the input string of Ts to U. The lambda function is used as an anonymous mapping operation in python which replaces
44766: This line of the Python script returns an array with numbers from -QBands to QBounds. The range function generates these values and is wrapped in
44767: This function checks if any price is greater than the given 'threshold'. If it finds such an element, then returns true. Otherwise false will be
44768: CompressedVCAFfile_vcsortbgztabx""" (END CODE SUMMARY HERE)"")"   # Code
44769: This function converts the input number to an integer. It's used in some calculations involving integers, but not directly by users of your program or
44770: This Python function calculates the value of 'delta' based on input parameters. The formula is derived from an equation involving two variables, one being
44771: This line of the given Python script is setting up an environment variable that will be used to control CPU frequency scaling. The command it's creating includes
44772: This Python function generates an array of numbers based on the input string "format". The different formats are handled by checking if there's only one or
44773: This variable is used to set the minimum length of blast. The value can be changed by setting it in config file or command line argument, and if
44774: This line of the Python script splits each string in 'value' by commas and returns an array containing these split strings as elements, which is
44775: If the two lists are equal length but contain different elements at some position or an element of one list that should be ignored (-), return false. Otherwise
44776: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
44777: If the length of 'data' is at least twice as large, return slice from index ‘Step’ to end else just returns original list.
44778: This Python function will keep calling the object it's given until an instance of type 'Function', or one that wrapps another callable in its
44779: This line of the Python script splits an input string into separate "words" using space as delimiter and then returns second word from these split
44780: This Python function converts the input string to uppercase, checks if it's present as key of dictionary 'mappings', and returns corresponding value
44781: This function sorts the dice, sums them up and checks whether they are in ascending order. If yes it returns their total otherwise return zero as per
44782: This function checks if the file has an extension of .ZIP, by checking whether there is any character "." present after splitting on '.'; it
44783: This Python script creates an empty list and then populates it with two entries each containing the values of variables defined in your program's scope or global
44784: This Python function checks whether the given URL ends with '/', and removes it, or raises an error message when not found; otherwise returns everything after that
44785: If the length of pad is more than 1, return original string. Otherwise calculate and append required number characters to make it equal in size with '
44786: A dictionary is created from an array of feature names. The keys are the first column values and their corresponding value will be all other columns data starting at
44787: This Python function checks the input 'None' or nonstring type and raises an error message when it encounters these cases; otherwise，it splits
44788: This Python function attempts to convert the input "Value" into an Integer. If it fails, then raises and handles exception by raising another error with specific
44789: This Python script checks the last character of given file/directory paths. If it is an slash ('\/'), then return that as part, else
44790: This Python function splits the input string into parts and returns them in dictionary format with specific keys ("User" & 'Msg'). If an exception occurs
44791: This Python function checks if the HTTP Response starts with "HTML" and also removes any leading/trailing whitespace from it, returning false only when
44792: This function returns the integer value of an input string, based on its content. If it's 'Gover...', return int(value=
44793: This Python function checks whether the input is positive, and then returns an output. If it's not negative or zero; otherwise return its percentage of
44794: Implemented the function to calculate the area of an ellipse. (Hint : Use math library in python).   Code sn
44795: This line of Python script splits the input string into separate lines, resulting in an array where each element is one individual "paragraph" or section from
44796: If no string matches the pattern, it returns an empty list; otherwise - splits and return as array of strings when there's comma present else
44797: This function returns the value of an 'equals' symbol. If it is equal to, then return number two; else three and otherwise one will be
44798: If the Pid is less than zero, it raises an error. Otherwise return formatted string of pId with '{}.'  as prefix and
44799: This function takes two lists of numbers and returns the product as another list. The first number in each input is multiplied by 'f' before being
44800: ")  # Code is checking if the first word of each newline in file starts with "summary:" and returns True or False accordingly, based on
44801: This Python function takes as input an iterable of strings, and returns the lengths or "partitions" that each string would make up if it was
44802: This function takes an integer as input and returns the same value. If 'a' is less than or equal to half of its own positive counterpart
44803: This Python script returns the flattened list of numbers from nested lists.  It uses List Comprehension to achieve that goal, which is
44804: This function returns the number of digits in an inputted integer or float.  It's used to determine how many places are needed when storing
44805: This python script calculates the sum of squared differences between corresponding elements from two lists, then divides it by number 'N' to get an
44806: This Python function takes an integer as input and returns the result of shifting it to left by one bit, then applying XOR operation with some constant.
44807: This Python function checks whether the input 'expid' is within an acceptable value. If it does and falls into one of two categories - either less
44808: This simple Python function returns true if the input is 1, and false otherwise. It's useful in conditional statements or loops to quickly check whether
44809: This Python function takes an integer as input. If the number is less than zero but not equal to ten at least one digit will always return it with
44810: This Python function checks if the API command result has an 'error' key and its value is equal to SUCCESS. If it doesn’t
44811: This Python function calculates the score of an essay based on its length and content. The formula is simple but effective in many types … [tr
44812: This Python script creates the HTTP headers required to authenticated requests.  The authorisation token is included in Bearers Token format and prefixed
44813: This Python function calculates the size of an array based on two exponential numbers. If it's equal to 'TwoExponential', then returns [
44814: This line of Python script returns the same result as ' '. join() function, but in one single statement instead using split and then joining with space character
44815: This Python script creates and returns an empty dictionary from the given list of tuples where each tuple contains two elements - key/value to be added
44816: This Python script splits the string into hexadecimal numbers and converts them to integers, then stores these as list elements within another empty array
44817: Copies the values from one dictionary to another and adds them up if keys are present on both dictionaries using Python's builtin copy method of
44818: Swap the values of two variables. Code is used to swap variable '(a)' and ‘b’ in Python programming language using tuple assignment
44819: This Python script calculates the probability of block pattern matching. It uses an iterative approach to calculate and store all possible values from one up until '
44820: This line of the given Python script splits 'maintype' into an array using '/', and then returns its last element, which is essentially
44821: A Python dictionary that represents the configuration of an IPsec VXLAN interface. The keys are descriptive and correspond to specific attributes such as port
44822: This Python function simulates the operation of an optical device that uses "tels" to store and manipulate data, but with different levels/quant
44823: This python script creates an empty dictionary, then adds the unique elements of two lists to it. It also checks if each element is "Virtual Assistance
44824: This function returns the concatenation of 'switch', ': ', and '" + variable_name.get() +  "'".  It is used to create
44825: This Python script extracts the name of repository from its URL and returns it if ends with ".git". If not, then just return original string as
44826: This Python function deletes all empty strings from the list. The number of deleted elements is returned as an integer value which represents how many items were removed
44827: This function checks whether the type of an object is equal to or starts with any value from 'field' list. If it matches, returns true;
44828: If the number is negative, it returns an empty string.  Otherwise - continue with calculation of factorial using recursion and store result in variable "
44829: This Python function copies the dictionary 'deepcopies' its contents. It then deletes all items with specific "keys" from it, and finally
44830: If the present value of earnings is less than zero then it returns an error message and negative change in unemployment rate else return both values as they are
44831: This Python function conversts the input string to lowercase and assign it back as 'problemtype'. It also handles different types of problems
44832: This Python function generates an O string of length 'N' with alternating characters. The first character is always the letter ‘o’ and all
44833: This Python function calculates the factor of two variables. The first variable is divided by second and then multiplied with third to get final result which can
44834: This Python script creates an identical copy of the input ‘Matrix’, but it does so by transposing its elements along with copying them into new
44835: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None or throws an error when it should return the expected result, but instead does so inconsistently and
44836: This Python function parses an attribute string and returns it as dictionary if the input is '.' Otherwise return empty dict with attributes parsed from given strings separated
44837: A dictionary that maps integers to strings with specific values and provides default value if the key is not found in it; also returns 'cycles' as
44838: If the number is equal to ten thousand then return three hundred and eighty seventeen times that. Otherwise calculate as per normal procedure of finding square root
44839: Removes newline characters from the string.  Replaces carriage returns with line feeds and tabs to be replaced by actual character '\x9'
44840: This function checks whether the given input is present as key of an entry within our custom data structure. If it's absent, then adds that to
44841: This Python script counts the number of notifications and their types based on whether they were accepted or dismissed. The count is returned as three separate numbers - total
44842: This function checks whether the input string contains only ASCII characters. If it does, returns 'YES', otherwise -'NO'.  The condition
44843: This function calculates the percentage of elections won by each party. It takes as input two lists, one with number wins and another corresponding to parties names
44844: This line of Python script returns the result from dividing an input by two and one half, which is equivalent to converting meters into feet or vice vers
44845: This python script calculates the sum of two means and variances.  The function takes in three parameters - 'mean' is an array containing first
44846: This function adds two numbers together.  It takes in the parameters 'num1' and "+" operator, then returns their summation result as
44847: This function draws lines on the screen based off of orientation and position. If it's top or bottom then we calculate y value to draw at by
44848: This line of the given C++ function returns an element from byte array at index 'ii' by shifting right and then performing bitwise AND operation with
44849: This Python script uses the PyTorch library to define and train an LSTM model with specific attributes, including data type of output features ("Float
44850: This Python function splits the input time into hours minutes and seconds using ':'. If it's less than three parts then prepend zeros to
44851: This function splits the input string into lines, optionally keeping empty strings in result if specified and returns them as list of line elements or an array
44852: This line of the Python function checks if character 'c' exists within certain predefined characters. The result will be True or False based on whether
44853: This script checks whether the first character of each name matches with 'stream' and returns that corresponding data. If no match is found, it will return
44854: A new list, "RIv", is created with the same elements as 'r' but in reverse order.  The first element of r becomes
44855: If the 'revoke' field in `signoffs` is True, return an empty string. Otherwise just display user name from signed off person object
44856: If the denominator of both True Positive and False Negative is not zero, it calculates Recalculation Rate. Otherwise returns ‘
44857: This function takes two arguments, 'y' and ‘z’. It returns the product of these values which is equivalent to multiplying them together
44858: This Python function tries to get the two last characters of an IP address, if it's not provided then raises and handles exceptions accordingly; otherwise returns
44859: This Python script is used to find the object from 'object' that matches with given hashed value. If no match found, it returns "None
44860: This Python script checks if the given name is present as an item of any list. If it's found, returns true; otherwise false or None
44861: Checks the condition of an element and returns true or false based on whether it has variable. If so then checks all rules within that specific rule set
44862: This line of the given Python script creates an array 'lambda' with size equal to number kernels and initializes it as ‘zero’ except at
44863: Throws an error when the value of 'divisible_by' is 0. This prevents division by zeros in calculations and makes debugging
44864: This Python script creates an empty dictionary, then iterates over each of the input list 'lemmas'. For every element it finds within that array/
44865: This function removes the domain part of an eMail address if it matches one in specific domains, else returns original mail id as is  Code length :
44866: This function returns the HTTP request type based on whether an input parameter 'data' exists. If it does, then POST will be used; if no
44867: This line of the given C++ function is shifting bits to left by eight positions and then performing bitwise AND operation with mask. The resultant value
44868: This Python function takes two lists as input and returns the maximum value from each list. It uses builtin functions to find out which element is higher among
44869: This function takes two lists as input and returns the sum of all elements in both. The 'reduce' method is used to apply an operation on
44870: This Python script uses Depth First Search to find the nodes with no successors and then removes them from their respective graphs until there are none left which
44871: This function checks if the input character is one of certain forbidden characters.  It returns True or False based on whether it's an allowed/
44872: This function checks if two bounding boxes overlap. If they do it returns True; otherwise False is returned based on the overlapping of their respective coordinates
44873: Returns true if the function 'status' is equal to 0. Otherwise, it returns false or throws an error depending on context and settings of your
44874: This Python function takes in an input list and generates all possible sublists of length 4 from the given array/list using four nested loops to create
44875: This Python function checks the operating system and returns an appropriate library file name. It uses conditional statements to handle different types of systems, returning either .a
44876: This Python function calculates the slope and y intercept of two points in 3D space. The equation is derived from standard geometry principles but can
44877: This Python function calculates the distance from origin to point in 3D space. The formula used is derived by applying Euclidean's theorem,
44878: This is an example of Python list comprehension. It creates and returns 1D array with given size by repeating the same element '[].'
44879: This Python function calculates the Factoria of an input number n. It uses loop to calculate and return its result, which is also known as "
44880: This Python function checks whether the variables 'x' and/or variable "y" are zero. If either is, it returns zeros; otherwise
44881: This Python script creates and returns the same list as input, ie., it duplicates all elements of an existing List 'ls'.  It is
44882: This line of Python script replaces all occurrences in the string 'quote', with its corresponding character from double quotes, and returns it as output
44883: This function checks if the input value is 'true' or not. If it’s either of these values, then returns False; otherwise True as
44884: If the "attentions" dictionary does not exist, return none. Else extract and returns an object with key 'AA' containing value of
44885: If the length of 'exisiting ts' is equal to that from new, it appends each third element ('third') value into all elements
44886: This Python function replaces certain special characters in the string with their corresponding escape sequences, which are then returned as output of that particular method call."
44887: This line of the function calculates and returns an output based on two inputs. The first input is multiplied by ‘alpha’, which represents
44888: This line of the Python script converts RGB values to their corresponding Hexadecimal representation. The function takes three arguments, each representing an individual
44889: This Python function generates the semantic versions of an application. It takes into account different levels and shortcuts to represent them, such as alpha/betas
44890: This line of the given Python script is setting up variables to hold values from an object named "bbox". The variable names are 'Left',
44891: This function calculates the output of an equation using three parameters. The first two are constants, and third is 'x'.  It's called
44892: This function calculates the value of an LED based on its maximum and resting intensities. The formula is derived from physics, where it represents how much
44893: If there are no GPUs, it returns the CPU. Otherwise，it formats and return with device id modulo number of gp us to get
44894: This Python script reads through the list of lines, and creates two lists - one with paragraphs separated by an empty string ("") or not found at
44895: This function checks whether two numbers are divisible by the same number. If they're, it returns that common factor; otherwise - nothing is returned
44896: Removes all keys with value 'None' from the dictionary `d` and returns it as new dictonary without those key/value pairs
44897: If the URL does not contain "http://" or "/". The function will return it as such; otherwise split by 'https' and '/',
44898: This line of the program initializes variables to default values, which are then used in subsequent calculations and operations on RGB color space data structures or arrays as
44899: This Python script calculates the sum of all values stored within 'score' dictionary.  It initializes an accumulator variable, "Total Sco
44900: This Python function calculates an array of values that are equidistant from each other and the boundaries given by 'delta' on both sides with respect
44901: This Python function takes two vectors as input and returns their sum. The inputs are represented by the variables 'vector_one' & ‘vectors
44902: This function takes an integer as input and returns the number of digitis in it. However if 'num' is negative then we multiply by '-
44903: If the input is an empty string, return it as such; otherwise check whether or not its first character starts with one of several prefixes and replace
44904: This line of the given C++ program is performing an AND operation between two numbers. The first number, 'word', and another one called "mask
44905: This Python script calculates the entropy of an input list, which is defined as “entropy” based on probability distribution probabilities and base two logarith
44906: This function checks if the given 'number' is evenly divided by another integer, returning True or False.  The modulus operator '%', when
44907: If the input 'gradient' is zero, it returns '-1'. Otherwise，it calculates and return value based on formula. The result will be
44908: Removes underscores from the name.  It converts all characters to lowercase and then removes any instances of an underline (_). This
44909: Create an empty dictionary named 'help' with keys as strings and values are the names of different types or functions.  }  (END OF
44910: This function takes an array of integers and returns the summation result.  It uses recursion to calculate it, but with some modifications in order not
44911: This Python script filters the 'result' list to only include those entries where both "decisions" are True ("yes") AND there is positive reward
44912: This Python function finds the longest string from an input list of strings. The maximum length is stored and returned as one element within another array, which contains
44913: Returns the value of "architectural" key from 'Manifest' dictionary.  This is an example in Python programming language using JSON data type
44914: This line of the Python function returns 'content type' as text. It is used to set what kind or format that data should be returned by an
44915: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The x and y bin values are calculated by multiplying each dimension with ccd
44916: This function calculates the average word length in text, but only when there are more than one unique nonempty space separated tokens present within it; otherwise
44917: This script updates the global 'kern' variable with values from all dictionaries within each group of reverse order, effectively merging them into one big
44918: This Python function calculates the Young's modulus and Poisson’S ratio of an elastic material given its Lambertian reflectivity. The formula
44919: This Python script calculates the probability of an item being in stock based on its initial selling prices and their normalization factor, then uses that to calculate another
44920: If the length of v is greater than or equal to 'l', return part from start index till last. Else, just convert and returns it
44921: This Python script splits the given string and extracts subdomains, domains from it using '.' as separator in python language – then
44922: Code is not converting correctly. The function returns None and the program ends unexpectedly or crashes due to an error in conversion process, possibly related with incorrect
44923: This function takes in the bounding box coordinates and calculates new values of two corners. The old corner is simply copied to both sides while changing their
44924: This Python function checks whether the input string `'str` or not contains any newline character before returning true when it does else returns false after removing
44925: This function is used to solve the problem of crawling phishing websites. The base case occurs when 'n' equals zero or one; it returns
44926: This line of the given Python script checks whether 'label' is equal to string value "'positive'" and returns either integer `value` or zero,
44927: Replaces all reserved characters with underscores.  Code is written to handle the string 'name'. It replaces any character that exists within "
44928: This Python script calculates the total size of all responses from an HTTP Archive log.  It uses list comprehension to iteratively go through each
44929: If the input list has only one element, return that single value. Otherwise calculate and returns an array of sums up to its size with each index corresponding
44930: Code converts the option name to all lower case and replaces "-"/"_". The result is then converted into an array of strings.  It
44931: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns width/length or size(in pixels, in case it's an image file). The
44932: This line of the given Python script calculates and returns an average value, which is essentially dividing number particles by grid size. The result will be
44933: This Python script calculates the partial value function of an array 'lambda' with length n, then returns it as another reverse order sorted by its index
44934: This Python script generates an array of numbers by multiplying each number from 0 to count -1 with the given 'multiplier'. The result
44935: This XML response contains information about the United Stated carrier with an ID of 223 and its default settings, including it's country as
44936: This line of the given Python script checks whether `is instance` returns True or False. If it's not string then convert to list with one
44937: This function calculates the calibrated value of raw data by dividing it with an adjustment factor and then raising that result to some power, which is
44938: This Python function checks the presence of certain keys ("labels", etc.) with specific values. If any key is found to be not equal (-infin
44939: This Python function scales the given dimensions by finding their ratio to one of two predefined maximums. If they are larger than these values then it
44940: This function checks whether 'a' is present as an element of list/array "b". If it does, the return value will be false.
44941: This line of the program calculates and returns an estimate based on given parameters, which is 1/R*T/(V_m). The
44942: This Python function calculates the size of references based on their reference costs and ratio. The formula is derived from an equation that shows how much more space
44943: This Python function calculates the value of an athlete's health rating based on their heart rate, bench presses per minute and strike out percentage
44944: This Python script counts the frequency of each word/character present on one single input string and returns it as dictionary where keys are unique characters from that String
44945: This line of the Python function checks if all elements in 'list' tour are unique. It does so by converting list to set and comparing lengths,
44946: This Python function checks whether the given URI is from WikiData and extracts its ID part, otherwise it returns 'None'.  The condition "
44947: This function checks whether the URL contains certain keywords. If it does, then returns false; otherwise return true based on some conditions defined by another variable '
44948: This line of Python script splits the input string into individual "tokens" using whitespace as delimiter and returns them in list format,
44949: This function checks if the character 'a' appears more times than another given char. If it does, return true; otherwise false is returned based on
44950: This function checks whether two strings are the same. If they're, it returns 'True', otherwise -> "False".  Code is checking
44951: This line of the script checks if there is an colon in 'wikiurl'. If it does then split by two using regex and assigns to w
44952: This Python script filters out the keys with values of `None` from dictionary 'value'. It does so by using comprehension to create new key/
44953: This function checks if the string contains any whitespace character. It does so by iterating over each char of inputted String, and checking whether it
44954: This Python function returns the sorted list of dictionaries based on user's preference and defaults if not provided by any dictionary value or key is missing from
44955: If the runtime of ECL/IX is infinite and there are no processes running at all then return an array with inf values.  Otherwise it will
44956: This Python script creates an empty list and then iterates over the given 'comm' array, appending each non-"PTT"-prefixed string
44957: This function calculates the value of y at time t given initial conditions. The formula is derived from physics and it's used to calculate position in
44958: This script is used to generate the labeling information in JSON format based on user input from an interface or another source and then returns it as output which
44959: If the tag variable in input data set of function call, it will be empty. In that case returns an blank string and stop execution from there on
44960: This Python script uses regular expressions to extract the subdomains from URLs in one line using regex and returns them if they exist; otherwise it will
44961: This function converts an integer to its binary representation. If the input is 3, it will return ''. Otherwise if there's only one
44962: This line of the given JavaScript function adds an extra slash ('/') to its left side. It is used in creating URLs by adding additional
44963: This Python function converts list of strings into their corresponding ID'S using the provided vocabulary dictionary, which maps each string to an integer value representing
44964: This line of Python script calculates the maximum absolute difference between corresponding elements from two lists. It uses list comprehension to iteratively calculate and store these
44965: A Python function that removes trailing newlines from the end of input string. It keeps going until it encounters another line break or an empty character
44966: This function checks whether the first value 'X' ('first') exceeds or equals to second one. If both values are integers/floats then it
44967: This function returns the coordinates of an object in pixel units. The input parameters cx and cy represent center x, y coords respectively which are then
44968: This function returns the sets of an object in JSON format, if it exists else empty list is returned by default – Code snippet to explain
44969: This Python function takes in two lists of strings as input and returns the base string with all vowel sequences replaced by their corresponding word from dictionary. If
44970: This function takes the licensing name as input and returns it in all upper case with spaces replaced by hyphens. The result is then appended to
44971: This function checks if the given string is equal to 'name' and returns True or False. It does not do any other operation, just checking whether
44972: Generates n random alphanumeric characters using Python's builtin functions and libraries like `str` &amp;nd&nbsp;&#
44973: This line of the given JavaScript function checks whether 'fat_array' is an instance or subclass type. If it isn’t, then throw
44974: This function checks whether the input is divisible by any integer from 1 to n. If it's not, then return true; otherwise false
44975: This Python script checks the value of 'literal' and returns it in different formats depending on its type. If `"NULL_VALUE", then
44976: This function takes an array of Int32 and returns the summation result.  It uses built in C# method Sum() to calculate it'
44977: This function finds the first program that is dependent on any of its dependencies by checking if it's present as one or more elements within 'dependencies
44978: If the string 'hash' is found within any of its keys, it returns that value. Else checks whether there are other key names starting with
44979: This Python function calculates the factorial of an input number. It checks whether it's positive integers only then proceeds to calculate its value by multip
44980: This Python function checks whether the key ' DB URL TESting' is present as an entry on your configuration dictionary. If it does, then returns
44981: This function calculates the value of 'e' based on an input parameter, if it is less than ten then returns zero and otherwise return fourty
44982: This Python function calculates the sum of all bits in an integer, where each bit is represented by its last four digits. The number to be
44983: This Python function returns the desired filename with an underscore and number of quantum bits as part parameters, followed by ".text".  The result is then
44984: This Python function calculates the value of two parameters based on their current values and an interpolation factor 't'. The new parameter is calculated as one
44985: This Python script creates an edge list from the given graph data structure by iterating over all possible pairs of connected vertices and checking if one vertex is present
44986: This line of the Python script checks whether or not 'defaultfontsize' has been defined. If it hasn’t, then ‘None”
44987: Generates string representation of list actions. Each item is represented as name and class from the dictionary object within each element's 'actions'. If there
44988: This Python function checks whether the input parameter 'p' can be considered as either an array of two elements. If it does not meet that condition then
44989: This Python script generates the required URL string based on today's day and month of year 1970 to now in BSE website format
44990: This Python function modifies the value of 'a' in place by subtracting ‘x’ from it, and then adding or setting to zero
44991: This function checks whether the input is an RGB color. It firstly verifies that each of its inputs are integers within 1 to maximum value and
44992: This Python script creates an empty matrix of size 'rows' x ‘columns’ and fills it with zeros, then returns the filled Matrix as
44993: This Python script creates an array of numbers and then uses the indexing feature to access elements in that list. The ad bit is used as input into
44994: This function takes in the date string and converts it into an Int. The year is calculated by subtracting from base of years which varies between different
44995: Returns the string 'from' followed by input parameter.  This is used to start an SQL query in Python using sqlite3 module, which returns
44996: This program calculates and returns total photon count in one second using given parameters R, I(beams), livetimes respectively from an array input
44997: Generates an array of paths from the given list, joined by '.' character and returned as one line string – if no path is found it
44998: This line of the given Python script splits 'repo' directory path by '/', then returns last element in resulting list which is also our repository name
44999: This line of the given Python script returns an array that is created by stacking all elements in 'np' numpy package along axis 0,
45000: This Python function converts an integer into three separate components. The first component is the remainder of division by 360 and second one gives quot
