1: Returns the Numerical Identifier of an object. If it exists, returns its value; otherwise raises exception with message indicating that couldnt be found
2: Check if the given number 'n' can be expressed as  power of two. If yes, return True else False . Example :isPowerOf
3: Multiply two numbers in place. 1st number is multiplied by the square of second and then assigned to first; also updates both variables
4: Returns the tasks defined in configuration.  # noqa E134, pylint disable=C0689 .poc
5: This function is used to remove surrogates from the input string if it supports them and returns an encoded version of that same data with all its characters
6: Checks if the given string contains only one '.' character followed by at most two digits after it. If so, returns True; otherwise false
7: Returns the subtext between two tags in input text as strings if they exist and empty otherwise .  It uses find() method to locate first occurrence of
8: Increase the value of 'b' by 1%. and decrease it again to its original state with an offset equal in size as difference between new
9: A function to calculate the ThroughPut of an application.  It takes two parameters - numberOfRecsPerSec and MBofDataTransfer respectively
10: A function to find the nth number in FIBONACCI sequence. It returns first fibonacci no if input is less than two
11: This function calculates the length of an element within each node.  It is used to calculate how many elements are needed per unit area on one side
12: Scales the input list of numbers by multiplying each element with provided scalar. 	Inputs -> List[float], float Output =>List
13: Returns the theoretical tuning thickness of an object given its central frequency in Hz."	Inputs : float -> Output is int or None . The function
14: Generates the one line check sum of an array. The input is expected to be bytes object and returns integer value which represents its crc3/
15: Returns the letter corresponding to an integer column number – A=[a], B... Z [z]. If no match is found returns none .
16: Split the container names into separate components, separated by "--".  The first part is treated as prefix and second one - suffix . e..
17: Convert the given input into seconds. It can convert minutes to secs or hours/ days -> second . e..g : '3' m
18: Returns the overlap between two intervals.  The first value is how much of one interval overlaps with another; second and third are start/end points
19: Validates the data codon sequence. If dataset has invalid characters, returns an error (-). Otherwise return success status (. ). The length of input should
20: Parses sequence into two parts separated by '-' character and returns the first part as string with its length calculated from start of 'sequence'.
21: Returns the texts of all given Agente instances, as list . 	Input : List[Agnete]. Output:[str]: The textual
22: Generates variable names. If the name is prefixed with an underscore it will be converted to camel case otherwise in lower cases if no suffix
23: Generates mark down string from list of strings, useful to create discords messages or comments  .   Inputs : List[str] ->
24: Filter out pages that are not DOI URLs, ie., those starting with "https:/ / dx . org/10."
25: Convert string to boolean, True if the input is '1', False otherwise . 	Example usage : bool("True") => true ,
26: A recursive function to calculate the number of steps required by an object on one leg. The result is cached so that it doesn't need rec
27: This function returns the default servicing endpoint of QI client .  It takes one argument which can be either 'localhost' or an IP and port
28: Merge two dictionaries recursively if they are both of the same type; otherwise copy one dictionary' values to another .  If either input isn
29: Evaluates the result of an operation on two numbers. If one or both operands are not numeric strings then it will return their concatenation
30: Filter out records that do not have the string 'abcdef' in them.  This is done by checking if str field exists and returning it,
31: This Python module provides functions to handle strings in various ways such that they can either convert them into lowercase or upper case letters etc.,  .
32: Get the value at specified '.' separated key from nested dictionary or list .  If not found return None   if no such element exists then it will
33: Replace the placeholder {metho...  with actual name of function or variable .'s placeholders are replaced by their names if they do
34: Calculates the scale factor needed to convert from NyQuis frequency domain data into time space using given sampling rate and filter order .  	Input
35: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is sqrt((i1−j0√²
36: Returns an url's filename or path part after stripping off any trailing '/'.  If no such thing exists, it raises exception and returns
37: Counts the number of rooms at least as far away from all other room. 	Input is list with lists representing distance to each neighboring cell/
38: Encode the input string to display it in an asynchronous environment, replacing backslashes with underscores and converting non ASCII characters into hex
39: This function splits the input string by underscores and returns it with each word separated into separate strings using dashes (-).  For example "
40: Returns the style of progress bar based on how many items have been processed. 1 item = :one:. If all are good then returns ':perfect
41: This function checks if the given filename has an extension or not, and returns true only when it does have one otherwise false is returned .  For example
42: This function logs in the user by returning their username as loged message . This is an example of how to use it, you can replace
43: Format the data of an 'Account' object. -->	Return string with name, description and country separated by comma .   -->
44: Create an alias of the user. 	Alias name is in format <username><id number> <#channel id if applicable>> . e..
45: Return an address in the form of string. 	Inputs : Scheme and location . Returns -> Address as String formatting with protocol followed
46: Returns the filename and URL of an image file.  The function takes two arguments - site id & name to generate unique filenames . It returns
47: Returns the percentage change between two values. If value is zero or less returns 'zero'. Else if old val > newer one return negative percent of
48: Check if the given string is part of an imported or local package name – ie., it doesn't start with underscore (_). If
49: Determine the winner of Rock Paper Scissors game.  If it'a tie return 'TIE'. if Player wins returns PLAYER
50: A function to calculate the number of binary digits required in an integer. This is equivalent with calculating how many times we can multiply by two until
51: Build the definition of an InfluxDB sink and source using timestamp as key, speed data is used to write into influxdbsink .
52: Convert light per photon to millimeter of diameter at given resolution and number density .   Inputs are the input in photons/mm^3 ,the
53: Get the PID from given data/conext if it exists otherwise return default one  .   [Pid]    ##[Context]:
54: Returns the result of subtracting two numbers. The first number is passed to function as 'do' and second one in form "wt" . It
55: This function takes an filename as its argument and replaces all special characters with hyphens, thus ensuring that the file name is safe to use in different
56: Calculates the average of 3 scores. The first two are location and size factors that contribute to total score while last one is related with shoreline
57: Returns the index of chunks from given id string, split by underscore "_".  This function is used to identify which part/section or sub
58: Computes the second derivative of an arbitrary function in one variable using Weiszler's formula with Cayley–Menger determinant method
59: Convert file paths to ids based on the last part of their names, if it ends with '/', remove trailing slash; otherwise split by
60: Convert an integer to its equivalent in Hexadecimal format. 	Inputs : Integer, Output = String of the form 'xxxx'
61: This function returns the value of ε in an exponentially decaying schedule as per episode number or iteration count provided by user . It is used to
62: Convert the given string to seconds from hours and minutes format."   [1pt] Inputs : A String in "HH"-"MM
63: Convert Excel column to index. For example, A = 1 , B= 3 ... Z=ZZZ...AAA etc.. . This function conver
64: Returns the name of an argument.  The first element is returned as it's assumed to be always present and will not change in future calls .
65: Computes the difference between two nested dictionary objects by recursively applying diff to subdictionaries if they are both of type 'dict'. If one key
66: Sorts the nodes in ascending order by their names using lambda function as sorting criteria  [Solution] .sort() method is used
67: This function takes in string of format "x..y" and returns two integers x & y respectively .  It splits the input on '.'
68: This function calculates the Learning Rate based on an exponential decay schedule as per EDSR paper . The formula is derived from equation no :14
69: Get the port mapping of an application.  If no specific mapping is found, return none .   [getContainerPortMapping]."; }
70: Filter orders that violates max rate and return two lists of remaining validated/ordered pairs based on the given exchange rates .'s'. The first
71: Get the protocol type of an IP address or hostname from its network layer 4 part, ie., TCP/IPv6 vs UDP
72: Check if the URL is valid. If it's invalid, return None else returns url as string formatting by removing http and https from start of
73: Calculates the middle of two points. If either or both coordinates are missing return false .  if they exist calculate their average else raise an exception with
74: Checks if two given strings are isomorphic. An "Isomorphism" means that the characters of one string can be replaced to get another by using only
75: Converts the integer representation of months to their corresponding names. For example, if you pass in "3" it will return June as output
76: Convert the given dictionary into list of event metrics.  The input is in format {"A": ..., "B" :... , etc} and
77: Create an iterator from the given object.  If it's already in form of Iterable then return as such otherwise convert to list with one
78: Provides the appropriate placeholder and whether or not to return an error message depending on what type of input is given in 'correct place' function call
79: Decode the sequence number.	Inputs : Sequence Number . Output is two values -> first bit of last byte and second one from current
80: Convert input into boolean. If none/false and true are the only possible values then return that value directly else if it's an instance of int
81: Shortens an IP address to its most common format, useful in logging and debugging purposes – returns the original if it'd be too long
82: Generates the negative power law function of given parameters – used to convert data from one scale into another . The formula is f(-x +b
83: Calculates the percentage of one slice in an apple or other fruit. This function takes as input number 'N' and returns integer value representing
84: Returns an empty dictionary. This function is used to get the API keys from request object and returns them in form of JSON format as response .
85: A function to calculate the modular exponentiation. It uses recursion and reduces time complexity from O((e/n)*log n). The result is
86: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space. The function takes as input coordinates of any pair and returns their respective distances
87: 返回一个字符串，表示给定经度是北半球还是南方。如果输入的值小于零则为
88: Adjusts the configuration based on whether it'll be training or validation.  If we are validating then batch size is set to one else
89: Convert the given input in cm to meter. The function returns two values - number of metre and remaining cms after conversion .'s one line
90: This function takes an input string and returns the base part of it as .JPG extension, if not already in jpg format else return same file
91: Returns the version of an artifact from its string representation. If no such information is available it returns None . The function strips off all characters after '@
92: Convert string to numeric representation of logging levels. If the input is not recognized, default value will be returned which defaults it off by one unit in
93: Convert string to boolean. If the input is one of enable, on , true/false and yes then return TRUE else FALSE . 	Input :
94: This function takes two arguments - an integer 'alig' and the number to be aligned as input parameter . It returns ceil value of division result
95: Returns the multiplicative inverses of two numbers modulo another number – if they are coprime otherwise returns 'Not invertible'.
96: This function reverses the string. It takes an argument of type str and returns its value as another instance with characters order being opposite to that from original
97: Return the number of hits on an Elasticsearch document.  If no such field exists, return None .   if total is not present then it
98: Checks if the string starts with specified prefix or not .  Returns True/False based on result of check  	Example usage : print("abc
99: Returns the Category of Note. If no such attribute exists, returns an empty string .  [10 points]   Code : return -> str
100: Calculates the difference between two numbers. 	Inputs : Two real number values and an integer value . Returns one of them subtracted by another
101: Returns the security groups associated with an instance.  [Instantiate function to get all Security Groups of one or more EC Instance.]
102: This function returns the URL to fetch vehicle listings in specified city and radius from TrueCar website using pagination feature of their site . This will
103: Adjuts the component of an integer to be within certain ranges. This function is used in conjunction with other functions that adjust values based on their components
104: Convert string to key format using upper case and replace plus with space  [1 line] .easy, convert the input into an integer if possible
105: Create dictionary of codes from list.  Trains on the given set, and returns an integer to string mapping .  0 -> 'A'
106: A function that returns the total of all numbers from 0 to n. This is done using NumPy's builtin functions and numpy library
107: Get the specified dictionary data. If not found return null .  [getValueFromJson].py -> jsonDataAccessLayer/getValueByKey
108: Returns whether the n's binary representation has set bit at position 'i'. 	Example usage : print("3rd Bit Set" if not
109: Checks if the given string starts with "/*" followed by anything, ends in */".  This checks whether it's an open doc block
110: A function that calculates the number of times it takes to reduce an integer into one digit. The process is repeated until we have only single digits
111: Check if the given string contains only ASCII characters or not – returns True/False accordingly . --> Code : check_utf8 compatibility
112: Check if the given IP address falls within localhost range, ie., “loopback” network segment of local machine .  	Examples :
113: Filter out the given list of strings based on certain conditions, such as length less than two or uppercase letters and numbers at second position etc.."
114: This function takes as input an dictionary and returns the third element of each tuple present within that dictionaries.  It does not modify original data structure,
115: This function calculates the maximum sum of non adjacent elements. It uses dynamic programming to solve it efficiently by keeping track and updating previous sums as we iter
116: Generates the specified columns.  Columns are generated by calling each function in turn, passing it its arguments and returning whatever that returns . The first
117: Get the details of an Event object in JSON format from AWS Lambda function – collects and returns all data related to events .   - Collect
118: Remove empty columns from the dataframe' column list – only keep those with at least one nonzero entry .   - [ ]" ---
119: Calculates the Young's modulus of an elastic material.  The formula used is derived from linear Elasticity theory and it takes into account
120: Returns the status of an object. If it's revoced, published or stagged otherwise returns none if no such information available .  [
121: Check the first line of an RSA key pair to see whether it's stand alone with no tags after stripping leading spaces/tabs .
122: Convert gene, exons and cds coordinates to the new format using GeneId as identifier; 1st level of translation from old ids into
123: Returns the background of an element based on its value. 87% is green, above that it's yellow and below than just under .
124: This function takes an input and decides whether to log it or not based on the value provided by user . It can handle boolean inputs as well with
125: Checks if the input precondition meets certain conditions.  Returns true when it's an instance of class 'Abstract Array'. If not then returns
126: Calculates the harmonic mean of first 'N' natural numbers. 0 < N < 364879 .   # TODO : Add
127: Return the last part of an identifier string, ie., remove any qualifiers from it like .v1,.dll etc..  For example
128: Compare two floating point numbers with respect to their difference divided by the absolute values of x.  If they are within specified 'relativ error'
129: Create or update the URI with an optional trailing slash.  If it already exists then return that otherwise appends to create one if not present
130: Check if the given string starts with another. 1/3 of lines are checked to be passed . Code is used by other functions like checker
131: Check if the previous and current versions are different in terms of major release number only – ie., they have been bumped up from one minor
132: Calculates the values of y and z coordinates in terms from given initial conditions. The function takes three parameters : 't' is time step , "
133: Returns the normalized version of input vector 'unit' .	Inputs : Vector to be Normalized	. Output -> Unit Vectors in same
134: Returns the type of an object given its name. If it is not recognized, returns 'file'.  	Keyword arguments : Key to check .
135: Checks if there is any horizontal winner on the game.  If so, returns True else False .   ## ```python## Code to
136: Convert unit of gdm file to cm or mm .	Examples :convert('km') -> 98764 km , converts
137: This function converts the multiset to key value pairs and sorts them by keys, then returns as one line of text with each pair separated from
138: Returns an array of elements that occur between two timestamps from the given list 't' .  The first element is before any other , last
139: Calculates the number of moves required to solve Tower Of Hannoi problem. The input is nof disks and output will be total possible steps needed
140: Returns the difference between two elements divided by constant. If either element is greater than given limit then it returns Naan else return result of operation .
141: This function takes as input text and returns the same string with all its consonants removed.  It does so by creating an array of characters from
142: Get names of all the components that have an interface matching given name or list interfaces – returns empty if no such component exists .   Code snip
143: Convert quantized values back to their original form. 	Inputs : Quantization factor and the scaling parameter . Output is an array of unsc
144: Normalizes the whitespaces in string s by replacing all spaces with single space and removing extra white spacing between sentences or paragraph breaks if any exist,
145: Returns the name of an entry. If no label is present, it returns locus tag instead." --->"best_name", function
146: Generates deterministically counts of the given number in binary representation using specified count and returns as list target objects with keys being binaries representing different states
147: Returns True if the second element of an input list is greater than or equal to 20. Otherwise, returns False . This function applies policy that
148: This function calculates the end activities's maximum possible score based on an increasing factor.  It starts from second element of list and keeps track with
149: Checks if the current environment supports interactive mode, ie., it has Julia installed and running within an IDE like Jupyter Notebook etc
150: Generates the binary representation of numbers up to 'N'.  For example if N=3 it will return [4 ,8] which are all
151: Calculates the temperature and pressure at given depths in Pascal units using an approximation of linear interpolation between two known temperatures & pressures . The function
152: This function takes two lists of columns to be ordered and returns the list with all elements from second input sorted by first one as per their position within it
153: This function takes in two parameters - 'mappping statement' and the type of pathway to be extracted from it . It returns ‘ext
154: Defines the dictionary of formats used in variant calling.  The keys are strings that represent different types and values can be either string or integer depending on
155: This function compares two lists based on the second element of each sublist. If they are equal it returns True else False . 	Inputs
156: Calculates the total number of bounce attempts and complaints per user. If no data is provided returns default values {“bouncess” :
157: Check if the input parameter has exactly two elements.  Returns True or False accordingly .	Example usage :is\_ min max (\[10,\
158: This function takes as input an object and the name of one key to be cleaned from it using recursion if its value equals none or call itself with
159: Checks if two given string share at least one character.  If they do then returns true else false .   Example :stringsShareCharaters("
160: Returns the smallest integer not less than x. The result is rounded up to nearest multiple of four, and then shifted left by two bits if necessary so
161: Convert the band name to its corresponding music genre.  For example, A is short and B medium etc... .   The function takes one argument which
162: Retrieves task id from message headers or body. If not found, returns None .  [1pt]   Code : get the unique identifier
163: Calculates the hedge ratio based on estimated parameters of betas and sigmas in an option pricing model – using Black Scholes Model .
164: This function removes duplicated entries from the input list of data points, preserving order and without repetition." --->"   Code snip
165: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
166: This function calculates the corrected magnitude of an object. It takes as input two parameters - initial magnitudes and displacements from one frame to another
167: Get the image file name.  If an 'Image' argument is provided it will be appended to defaults and returned as result; if no arguments
168: Transposes the given class and attribute tables.  The function takes two parameters - 'class' list & an associative array/table of attributes .
169: Returns true if the given object is of type git.  If it's not, but its parent has issues only set to false then returns tr
170: Returns the list of coordinates that are reachable from cell at position [X][Y] in an N by M grid using four possible directions ie
171: A function to recursively remove empty dictionaries from input dictionary .  It uses the builtin python functions like len() ,isinstace(),dict
172: Parse anchor spec string into name and value if possible, else return None; otherwise split the input on '&' character to get two pieces of
173: Maps the input to output using linear interpolation.  The function takes three parameters; one is an array of inputs and another two are arrays corresponding
174: This function returns the sum of all values found within an array. If two or more cells have same maximum number then it will return “1”
175: Checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other.  If they're not the same length or contain different characters then it returns
176: Parse the name of an author from git commit line. This function takes one argument - string containing information about Git Commit Line and returns only
177: Computes the offset of the SV in relation to its length and speed value based on given parameters .  The function is used when calculating pulses'
178: This function calculates the factorial of an input number. It uses simple mathematical formula to calculate it and returns result as output .  For example :
179: This function calculates the probability of an event happening in one trial with 'n' trials, where each success is equally likely and no failure occurs after
180: Replace smart quotes in the given string with their standard equivalents using utf characters – " and ". This function replaces all types of quotation
181: Defines an anonymous function that takes three arguments and returns their sum.  The name of it would be "another_function".   .    This
182: Finds all occurrences of the substring toFind in given input.  Returns count as integer number .   "def" defines function ,
183: Multiplying the values of two dictionaries by an input set number and returns new dictionary with results . e..g., if we call `mult
184: Returns the maximum value from an input list.  If no values are provided, it returns None .   Code is used to find out which number on
185: Generates all possible sequences of length 'b' between ‘start’ and end. The sequence is inclusive at both ends ie., it includes
186: Calculates the padding required to align data in blocks of size 'blockSize'. If input is not divisible by "blocksize", then it pads
187: This function takes an integer representing total minutes and returns the time in HHMM or ZZZM. It uses Python's builtin 'div
188: Calculates the difference between two frequencies. The result is then doubled to get an estimate of how much more frequent one word might be than another in
189: Calculates statistics of segment results. – Code to compute the mean, median and mode from given list/array 'Segment Results'.   - Returns
190: Generates an HTML representation of the arguments.  If no argument is provided it returns empty string else generates and return its type as per given fields list
191: Update yml file with another dictionary structure using recursion – if the keys are not present it will create them and assign default values to missing ones
192: Calculates the percentage difference between two values. If one of them is zero then it returns NaN to avoid division by Zero error in percentages
193: This function calculates the value of curve y=f^n.  It takes four parameters - two real numbers and one integer n . The first
194: Concatenates the given filename with its directory. If it doesn’t end in / then appends one else returns original file name as is
195: Remove keys from the dictionary based on chapter number – TOC .py file contains function that removes specific chapters and returns updated table of contents as output
196: Checks if the first character of input is digit, returns false otherwise – checks whether string starts with number/decimal point only . If it
197: Truncates the input string to 93 characters if it exceeds. If less than or equal, returns original name as is .   Code sn
198: Generates certifications from the given data. 	Input -> SIGNED DATA FIELDS : "name",	"date" and
199: Preprocessing files in parallel using multiprocessing. 	Inputs are list of file paths and temporary directory path to store intermediate results . Returns
200: Generates an array of uniformly distributed random numbers between 0 and the given number. The sequence is generated by dividing each step size with total no
201: Returns true if the number is divisible by eight, otherwise false. If it's not possible to reach an even multiple of ten from 'start
202: This function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find g and h such that ax + by=c. It returns d which is equivalent of G
203: Defines and tests the function that multiplies four arguments.  The input is passed to it as one argument in call of another functions .   "
204: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
205: This function returns the type of weather condition based on how much it is likely to rain in that day, with higher values indicating more probable conditions like ra
206: This function is used to pick the resort data according its index.  The input parameter 'dict' represents an integer that indicates which type of information you
207: Check if the given URL is in standard formatting, ie., starts with "www." , ".com",".net" etc..  .
208: This function returns the Fitzpatti's type based on an input. The range of values is from negative to positive, with each category corresponding
209: This function calculates the precision of each document based on its rank among all documents and returns an average value over these ranks . It is used to measure
210: Change the value of sub trees recursively based on given criteria – Key Value and Class Type . This function will traverse through all subtrees starting
211: This function joins multiple lines of text into one line with the specified join character in between each string's content .  For example , if you have
212: Convert ZAID to two parts. The first part represents the number of years since January First Day in UTC time and second one represent remaining days after
213: Check if one string is the permutation of another.  If so return True else false . The function takes two strings as input and checks whether they
214: Merge two dictionary objects into one by overwriting values of the same key with those from second object if they exist and append new entries to first or
215: Create resource fields dictionary.  This function creates the necessary information to create or update resources in an API's datatstore .   It takes as
216: Check if the number of lines is equal to given parameter.  If not, raise an assertion error with appropriate message .   [END] Code :
217: Create and return an object with the given parameters. 	Parameters : 'FormSet' -> A Django Form set to be used as content
218: Check if the SQL command contains "SET SEARCH PATH" or similar keywords to refresh current path of database schema  .  		. If yes,
219: This function checks if the input string contains 'infected' or not, it is case insensitive and returns True/False accordingly  .
220: Remove empty dictionary keys from the input data structure recursively – excluding certain specific key names - children , propnames & package . If it is
221: Calculates the factor of an unknown number. 	Inputs : Unknown Number and its pivotal value , Alpha is used to determine how
222: Initialize an empty dictionary to store the similarity of images.  The keys are file names and values represent lists with their corresponding image's pairwise
223: This function cleans the message text by removing any @mentions in it, leaving only its content and returning as output string .  For example : if
224: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be an array of 6 elements. If the first four characters are spaces ('   ', etc
225: Count the total digit in an integer. Code snippet to solve problem using python programming language .   [3 points]    - Time complexity :
226: Toggles the bit at position 'order' in binary representation of number. 0 indexed . If it was set to one then returns zero
227: This function retrieves all unique parameters from the given dictionary of parameter information and returns them in ascending order, as strings only to ensure uniqueness across
228: Calculates the ROI of an investment by multiplying its return on invested capital. 	Inputs : Return On Invested Capital and Factor
229: Create an alert payload.  Context is the event to be shown in alerts .  	Type : Function -> PayLoad Type   		|
230: Returns the area of an equilateral triangle with side length 's'. The formula used is base^3/6 = 1.784
231: Return True if the last character of input is ':'. Otherwise, return false.  This function checks whether or not an argument represents mode lines in the
232: Returns the query field name by concatenating dictionary's key with an underscore and replacing dot in nested fields to double underlines using python function
233: Analyze the given input string to determine its unique word count and total character counts in terms of characters, including spaces & punctuation marks .
234: Check if the given URL ends with '/'. This function returns true only when it checks whether or not an inputted string 'ends'/with
235: Convert bounding box to extent.  Extents are the minimum and maximum xy coordinates of an object in space or time frame .   Input is
236: Counts the number of odd numbers in range [a..b] inclusive. If b is even then it counts one more than usual because we are
237: Calculates the stress on an object due to temperature difference between two wells in contact with heat conduction . The formula is derived from experimental data and
238: Convert string to number.  If the input isn't valid return None or raise an exception if it can be converted but not as integer/float
239: Returns the file's name without its .extension if it exists, otherwise returns an empty string""".strip()}], [{"code": "
240: This function returns the file type of an inputted string, which is determined by splitting on '.' and returning last part in case insensitive manner .
241: Calculates the error in terms of an integer value. 	Inputs : Two intervals, Output is their difference as per mathematical definition .
242: This function checks if the input parameter 'ProfileNamingsToId' can either map to ids of type string and vice versa. If
243: Get common name from Distinguished Name .   ### Code : return the CommonName of an input DN string, or 'None' if
244: Checks if the given 'Location' falls within specified 3D bounding box. Returns True or False accordingly . -->	def get
245: Preprocessor function to remove special tags from the input lines of SGM formatting – <source> <document><paragraphs>  etc.. . If
246: This function takes in the name of an individual or grouping and converts it into its corresponding fastq file path within specified destination directory .  It
247: This function returns the type of transportation based on which Network it is. It takes one parameter, 'Network' and return its corresponding transport mode as
248: Generates unique names based on the title of an artwork using a hash function and randomness to ensure uniqueness across multiple runs .  If no name
249: A function to reverse the digits of an integer. For example, if input is '348', output will be "'.int('9
250: Replace the content of one line in an input file with another string – keeping other lines intact .txt formatting is preserved and new data
251: This function takes as input an object and returns the same dictionary but with all private keys removed from it using Python's dict comprehension feature .
252: Clean semi formatted YAML data from special types of comments and formatting – !!*types*. Return clean string as output . e..g
253: Count the number of ‘+’ signs at each position. If there is no sign before it then increment counter by one . Return total counts from
254: This function escapes special characters to prevent XSS attacks by replacing them with their HTML entities equivalent .  It is used when we want our output data
255: Get the data var message from an object  Code snippet to get name of symbol or expression that represents some form/variable in Julia language .
256: Returns the point if it is inside of polygon. If not, returns None . The input should be list with coordinates as tuples or lists and
257: Returns True if the status is OK, False otherwise.  [1pt] ...[30m\]'s/ <jup
258: Returns the list of identifer keys that are present within 'requested values' from given map .  It checks each key value pair and if it
259: Removes blank new_linestrings from the input string, preserving order of nonempty strings and removing trailing whitespace on each individual row
260: Convert MAC address string to byte array representation as required by the OSI model' sMAC Address Layer protocol specification .   [END] Code sn
261: Clear the screen or the console. -->" . $this ->> 'name'."</br >"; } else { echo
262: Calculates the temperature in Kelvin based on given concentration values.  If one of them equals infinity then it returns constant value from parameters else calcul
263: Split sentences into individual elements of the given input and return as an element's lists .  This function is used to convert text data from one
264: Create an order of unique positive integers from the list 'V'.  The function returns them as ascending ordered sequence .   For example, if V
265: Generates passwords with the specified number of characters. The generated pwd is based on Windows Password formatting rules, where each character in string
266: Count the number of paragraph lines/sentences within text string 'str'.  The first sentence is considered to be on its own if it has no
267: Convert Snakestring to CamlCase string – convert first letter of each word after the underscore into uppercase and remaining letters lower case
268: Check if the given property description contains failure status.  If so return true else false .   Parameters : Properties list of dictionaries with keys ['
269: Compute corrected and Normalize cummative Percentage of each species per Rank – using the provided data . --> ---/
270: Add two lists of integers modulo some integer.  The result is another list with the same length as input and contains sums from corresponding elements added together
271: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
272: Calculates the exponential of x.  Inputs are real numbers, returns an array with each element being its own exponentiation result in base e .
273: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns its transcoded version as .MPG format using ffmpeg tool on Linux system
274: Perform bitwise AND operation on two register values. The result is stored in the first argument of 'banner' function call and returned
275: This function splits the input into individual 'rows' or '\ns'. It then removes any trailing whitespace from each row and returns them all
276: Check if the given item starts with "git" in its path or not . 	Inputs : git url/file name , Output - True
277: Get the name of an object or dataframe if it exists in oneof these formats else return none – based on its class/structure . If
278: Convert string to quoted if necessary.  If the input isn’t already enclosed in quotes then add them on both ends of it .   For
279: Convert RGBA hexadecimal to decimal format .'   # <-- Add your own text here if needed, it should be less than or
280: Get identifier and reference from string representation of an object or resource ids/names . e..g., "user" , returns ("", user )
281: Finds the value of given 'Key' from nested dictionaries recursively – if found returns it else return none .   - Code :find
282: Parses CSV lines into dictionary of column names and their corresponding data points – one per row . The function takes two arguments - the list
283: Calculates the difference between two complex numbers.  Returns as tuple of real and imaginary parts respectively .  	Inputs : Two tuples containing
284: This function splits the given string into an array of jar files in java's .jar format using ':' as separator  Code length :
285: Check if the bounding box is valid.  If not return None else returns tuple of lower and upper bounds as tuples .   The function
286: This function is used to display the graph width. It takes two parameters - context and mappings . The first parameter represents an object of type Context which
287: Clean and standardize the given string by replacing special characters with their equivalent ones or removing spaces if they are not required to be replaced .  For example
288: Computes the distance between two points in three dimensions. The function is used to compute distances of one point on or inside an elliptical tube defined
289: Find the odd occurring number in an array. 	Input -> [1 ,4，7。8] Output：9 . The function
290: Aligns the given 'Address' to be aligned with size of alignment. 	Input : Address and Size/Alignment . Output = New
291: This function takes as input an array of data and returns the transposed version with port swapping done on each element's second to last column .
292: Calculates the signed distance from one 3D Point to an infinite plane defined by two points on that plan. The function returns positive if P is
293: Convert the input to numerics. If it's not possible, return as is – ie., leave unchanged if cannot be converted into number
294: Check if all specified 'fields' exist and have the same values.  If so return true else false .   Example usage : `printFieldsIn
295: Initialize the method normalizers with node embedding initializations  .   -> Normalize and initialize methods to be used in training, testing or inference
296: Get the position of an element in array based on its index; returns empty list if no such pos exists, else return string representation and time difference as
297: Counts the number of opening and closing parentheses in an expression.  The function returns difference between countings, which indicates how many brackets
298: Convert hyphenated date format to slash formatted string – convert '-' character in the inputted 'date time'. The function will return converted
299: Parses the URL to extract Bot UID from it, assuming that all urls are in format "https://example/bots/{id
300: Calculates the scaled ROI coordinates.  The input is an existing rectangle and returns its new dimensions after scaling it by given scale factors along both ax
301: Returns the reversal of an input string. 	Example usage : print("abc" -> cba") .   [10 points]
302: Returns the edge indices of node 'N' from its index. The function is used to get all possible neighbors and their weights when considering only one layer
303: Convert RGB color to hexadecimal.	Inputs : 3D array of int, Output is string." ...} }}}}}}
304: Calculates the division of two numbers. If divisor equals to 0 then it returns an error message stating that 'division' operation cannot be performed
305: Returns the state of each boolean value. If it is enabled, returns 'state' otherwise return '' . 	Inputs : list[bool].
306: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and subtraction
307: Generates reverse mapping from color map to its original colors .  This is useful when you want the reversed order of keys and values are used as
308: Return the input value if it is not negative zero. Otherwise, return None .	Inputs : int/float / str   Output Type = float
309: Create the canonical name of column qualifier.  This function takes two parameters - 'column' and its corresponding table/schema in database . It returns
310: Returns the smallest or largest of two values.  If both are equal it returns that one only once .   It takes three arguments - 'min'
311: Convert input to NRRD vector format.  If the string starts with "(".and"closeswith")", it will convert into float numbers
312: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using binary method. 	Inputs : Two positive integers . Output - The Greatest Common Div
313: Flatens the inputted nested lists into one dimension using recursion." ---> "Flattener function that flats out any given nest
314: Returns the given number as an integer. 	Inputs : Rating of user in form like '4/10' or just numeric
315: This function checks if the input number 'is even or odd'. It returns true when it's an integer and its value can be divided by two
316: Returns the URL of an online dining hall given its id .  e..g, http:/ / dinein...'s website to find more
317: Turns off the light at position array.  [array = xy coordinates of where to switch on/off;   ]    .eof
318: Transforms the given 7D point in space using transformation defined by provided Matrix. The result is another Point with same direction but position transformed according to
319: Mark exact matches in the citeation. 	Inputs : CitatioN - string, Output = <span><strong> <em>
320: Returns the part of 'tags' string before first occurrence if "{" is found, else returns original tags as they are  .   ## Code
321: This function calculates the difference between two numbers.  It returns one of three values as per their comparison with each other and is used to calculate median
322: Calculates the distance to hubble space from an object at redshift 'z'.  The parameter "om" is related with our universe's current
323: This function calculates the sum of all even numbers up to and including 'lim' in an infinite loop. It starts with two initial values, then
324: Returns the cost of an operation. If it's not possible to perform any operations on that cell then return zero else returns one . The function is
325: Convert the given string to CSS valid name by removing spaces and converting all characters into lower case letters .  For example, if you pass 'Hello World
326: Adds the Round Key to each block of ciphertext.  This is done by adding it with itself in an elementwise manner using XOR
327: Check if the file path is either equal to directory name OR starts with that of given folder in filesystem structure .  If yes then return True else False
328: Computes the chi square of U function based on input value z, which is assumed to be in degrees Celsius and returns its corresponding Chi
329: Calculates the distribution of temperature pollutants. 	Inputs : Pairwise distributions and standard deviation & lamba wall factor . Returns -
330: Builds the string representation of an element' s concentratio.  For example if species id is 'A', and its concentrations are [0
331: Format the text to remove unnecessary characters. This function is used in preprocessing of data before training model . Parameters : Translation -> The raw
332: Returns the import factor of an insurance company based on its benchmark curve name given as input parameter b\_currency . If no match is found in our database
333: Converts the given list of binary strings to an integer. The first string is assumed as positive and rest are negative which will be converted into their
334: Filters data based on the provided list of characters' or attacker/defender name to include only those entries that contain these specific character details .
335: Create ModBus map channel. 		    JSON object with the necessary information to create an mod bus connection and read/write data on that specific port
336: Check if the given string ends with ".devic" or not . 	Return True/False based on whether it's device name of any
337: Removes quotes from the input string.  If there are no quotations in value then it returns original text else removes all quote characters and return result
338: Get the id of an AWS Security Group from CloudWatch Event.  This function is used to fetch details about changes in group IDs associated with EC
339: Convert Celisus to Farenheight. Code is already written in Python language and it converts the given temperature from Celesuism into
340: Drop the specified number of columns from each data point.  This is useful when you want to reduce dimensionality or simplify your dataset by removing unnecessary features
341: Defines getter methods on properties.  If property type not recognized, raises an error .   The functions are used as decorators which allow us
342: Convert binary coded decimals to integers. This function takes as input an integer in BCD format and converts it into its equivalent value using
343: A function to find the biggest prime factor of an integer number . The algorithm starts by dividing it with two until we get odd numbers only then checks
344: Determine issue types from the given warning data – returns them as an array of strings if possible, otherwise raises error . If no issues found it
345: Adds two quaternions. 	Input -> Quat and String . Output =>Quateronum string with the addition of both input
346: Convert dictionary values to list. If value is not iterable, convert it into an empty array [[]], if the key doesnt exist then return
347: Apply transformation to coordinates.  Transformation is applied as if moving and scaling the image by given factors along x &y directions only .  	Example
348: Returns True if the image needs to be rotated. Otherwise, returns false .  This function checks whether an EXIF tag indicating rotation is present and
349: This function returns two lists of usernames sorted by the number/order they reacted to an object based on their type ("UpVote"/
350: Generates the position of an object along one dimension over time.  The velocity is constant and does not change with respect to distance traveled; however
351: Creates an empty dictionary to hold the results of performing actions on resources. This is used as partials in other functions that perform operations against multiple entities
352: Create filename from py.tester test ids in the format of "module/classname::method" to be used as part or full path
353: Calculates the ratio of the difference between two values. This is used to normalize data in machine learning algorithms that use distance measures like k
354: A function to calculate the smallest possible number of times that an integer can be divided by 3 or less than it and return its value as fractional
355: Get the status label of an object. If it's nonexistent or unavailable return null .  if exposures are available then returns its
356: Calculates the mixed layer thickness of an elastic material. This function takes as input parameters : 'Parcel' and its properties ,the density
357: Sorts the jobs and uses list of workspace files by their lfanumber.  This is done first, then they are sorted based on id
358: A function to calculate the number of ways you can climb stairs by taking one or two steps at each time. The total count is returned as output from
359: A function that calculates the sum of digits in an integer. If it's less than or equal to nine, return as is; otherwise
360: This function calculates the corrected weight of an inverse Bayesian Estimation with Variable Rate.  It takes two parameters : Weight and InverseBay
361: A function that returns the reverse of dictionary.  It takes as input list/tuple pairs and return dict with keys being original values from pair ,
362: Returns the intersection of two boxes.  If there is no overlap between them return None else returns an array with x and y coordinates where they intersected
363: Convert galactocentric velocity to Earth's frame of reference using the right ascension and declination angles in radians."  [...]"
364: Divides two numbers exactly. If the second number is zero then raises an error stating "not divided by 1". Otherwise it returns quotient of
365: Checks if the given string starts with any of several common strings that are considered to be partials or abbreviations used by some software applications, such
366: Generates an input dictionary to be used with the calculate function and sorts it by parameter ids  Code length :108 chars   L
367: Rescales the value from one range to another.  The function takes three parameters; 'Value', which is what we want scaled and its original
368: Transforms the tensor values within given range. 	Inputs : Tensor , Range of input data and output desired scale/shift . Returns transformed
369: This function generates the list of index values that can be used to slice an array or other sequence into windows with specified sizes and stepsizes . For example
370: Compare two version strings in the format "major.-minor" . Return negative if first is less than second , zero when they are equal and positive
371: Checks if the last 7 characters of string are all equal. If not, returns false; otherwise checks whether first two letters match second three let
372: Identifies if the given origin or input stream corresponds to an .ecsv format data source – ie., it checks whether its path ends with
373: Convert Python Class Name to Java equivalent.  For example, convert 'a..b.' into LAB; .convert the first character of each word
374: Generates the CDF of an input list or array – returns it as output . The function takes one argument which is to be transformed into its
375: Returns the result of adding one to x and then dividing by two. This is an example function that demonstrates how grid range works in the context it
376: Get AS Number via MAC Address. 	Inputs : Flow'AS NUMBER and Mapping of MacAddress to AsNumber . Returns the
377: Defines an operator that checks if two quantities are unequivalent.  Returns True when the values of both arguments do NOT match and False otherwise .
378: Calculates Beta error rate based on true positive rates & false positives ratios . If TP/FP ratio not provided then it calculcated
379: Generates an Iam Manage Policy.  The policy is defined by the resource name and its associated permission set .   This function returns JSON format
380: Compute the Hammings distance between two sequences.  The function takes as input any pair of equal length sequence and returns an integer that represents how
381: Returns the minimum depth and corresponding coverage of all elements that cover at least one tile.  If there are multiple such tiles with same minimal depths then returns
382: Given an input string of parentheses and spaces separated by one or more characters return the pins on that given path in order as they appear from left
383: A recursion function to calculate the minimum number of operations required in editing one string into another. The operation includes inserting character at any position and replacing
384: Determine the line ending used in text.  If it's Windows, return '\r\n'. Otherwise returns just 'rn', or if
385: Extracts active id' s from the given status. 	Input : dict, Output - list of int . Example input = {"
386: Defines function to greet the user. 	Inputs : String, returns string with hello message and inputted name appended .   Example
387: Calculates the speed needed to cover distance with an escaping character in one turn of game board, assuming that all characters move at constant velocity and no
388: This function calculates the velocity of an object at any point in time t using Newton's second law and returns it as its speed vector component along
389: reverses the order of bytes in an integer. This is done by shifting and masking bits to get each individual bit, then rearranging them
390: Return an appropriate HTTP status based on the comparison of two parameters. If they are not equal then return 418 I'm afraid you can
391: A function that calculates the number of layers in an n level pyramid. The base case is when there's only one floor, it
392: Counts the number of probes in an array. 	Input -> Array with probe data, Output => Number representing total counts or size/
393: Calculates the distance between two locations on Earth's surface using Haverstein’ Distance formula . The result is in meters as per earth radius
394: Mask the given eMail address by replacing all characters in between @ and . with "*" of same length as original string before it is replaced
395: This function calculates the Blackbody Radiation at given temperature in Kelvin using approximation of black body radiation formula, which is used to calculate radi
396: Adds two lists elementwise and returns the resulting list .  For example : [30 ,46 ] + 	[789   ],
397: Returns the maximum number bytes required to encode and decode base1/basex strings upto given length. This function takes one argument which represents string
398: Count the number of each digit present at every level. Returns dictionary with count as value and index/digit position on x axis, y coordinate is
399: This function is used to determine the direction of text flow based on user preference and device orientation .  It also handles cases where we want our page/
400: Calculates the geometric mean of anomalies from JDN, using an approximation based on astronomical calculations and historical data . The result is
401: This function returns the file's extensions from its name using Python programming language  .   Code : return "." + str(.get())    Description
402: This function generates an edge id from source node index and the character of string.  It is used to generate unique identifiers in graph data structures like
403: Find the longest common subsequence of two strings. The function returns length & sequence if found else return zero with an empty string as sequences are not allowed
404: This function filters out non numerics from the given string and returns it as one line of text with no spaces or special characters in between them .
405: Rotates the given '3xN' matrix clockwisely. The rotation is done by moving each element to its right side and wrapping around
406: A function that returns the color of each classification based on its type, if it exists; otherwise return default value “unknown” . If there are
407: 返回一个数值，表示该数字在不同级别上的权重。例如：getFED('8') -> ~ .
408: Export the current state of an object to file. This is used in conjunction with cues and outputs, allowing you control over what data gets
409: Check if the given string has time zone information in it using regular expressions .  If yes, return True else False or None otherwise..  	Example
410: Returns the total of all numbers from min to Max inclusively. If both are equal return that number only once else returns 0 .   [
411: Rotates the bits of n to left by one bit position. This is equivalent with multiplying 'a' in binary representation, which has been rot
412: This function checks if the difference between two sets of labels is less than 'top k'. If it's true then return TRUE else FALSE or print
413: Convert integer to float in octal notation, ie., convert an int into its equivalent floating point number using the given base system which is eighth
414: Returns factor based on given parameters - SpaceGroup and Gamma value . If it is known then returns corresponding factors else raises an error message if unknown parameter
415: Parses the NewsAPI response and returns an array of dictionaries with article titles, links to articles from different sources – 'News API'
416: Extract variables from list of strings, returning dictionary with variable names as keys and values assigned to them."  [...]"   Code is used by
417: Trims leading/trailing whitespace from string.  If no nonwhite space characters exist, returns an empty strinh .   This function
418: This function returns the dictionary of resultant data.  The number and type information is returned in one line as well .   It takes four parameters -
419: Code that creates an EncDec model using the Keras API.  The input shape is set to None as it will be determined by batch size during
420: Returns the list of all factors or 'divisor' numbers up to given number.  For example -> input = 4; output =[];
421: Convert PDDL type to TARSKI representation.  For example convert int -> Integer and real/float number into Real or Number respectively
422: Returns 'D' if the method used is Deep Learning, otherwise returns nothing. 	Inputs : dict of string keys -> str values .
423: Validates if the datums are enum values. 	Input -> Datam and Schema of Enumeration . Output => Boolean indicating whether
424: Computes the dot product of two vectors using elementwise multiplication and addition to get resultant scalar value – Code snippet provided by user1
425: Validates if the input is hexadecimal color codes.  Returns false otherwise .   #HexColorCodesValidator#" }}}
426: Calculates the area of square with side length 'l' . 	Inputs : integer or float, Output -> Returns an Integer. The
427: Dispatch strategy based on the type of operation to be performed.  If it requires tensor, use derived; if abstract or derivative exists then also consider
428: Returns the number of rows and columns as dimensions.  For an input list/matrix it returns two values - count or total numbers present on each line
429: Parses an attribute string into key and value pairs – used to set attributes on objects or elements of the DOM tree .  10/
430: Adds data from consumer and populational dataset to MSOAs.  The function takes two datasets as input - one with consumers' information about
431: This function calculates the value of GW at x. The formula is derived from numerical methods to solve complex equations in one variable with arbitrary coefficients and
432: Return the input string if it contains only whitespace characters, otherwise return "'" + original text + 1 quote.  [END] .eof
433: Returns only the ceaiers from NABISCO that are available. 1st line is list comprehension, second one checks manufacturer of each
434: Checks if the inputted text contains only ASCII characters or not, returns true/false accordingly – ```python   .islower()
435: Returns the list of all unique id'd sessions in given dictionary.  This function is used to fetch data from different projects .   It takes as
436: Remove the specified 'prefix' from start of input strings if they exist in it . This function is used to eliminate common initial parts that are
437: Returns the hyperbolic distance from Earth to Mars in degrees based on brightness magnitude of an object at sea level, using equation derived by Gale et al
438: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
439: Returns the name of an installed taxi driver.  If wheel is passed in, returns 'wheel'. Otherwise it appends '-' and then passes
440: Parse the column name from kiwi platform data source .csv file format 	.e..g.: "P:0" -> ["
441: Calculates the vacuum refractive index of an object at given wavenumber using Airy's formula .  The function takes as input one
442: Get command to extract the specified .jar or other archive file from given path on server and save it locally with its name as defined by 'artifactName
443: Returns the number of spaces at start/end block string. If there are no lines, returns zero if it's an empty line else return -
444: Infer combined lens separation. 	Inputs are two files and one file with the length of lenses to be separated by user input; outputs
445: Returns the next field in sequence. If there is no more fields return None and current column as new line start point .   [getNextField]
446: Returns the full YAML file or directory paths as string from given parameters .  If no arguments are provided it returns current working dir else return absolute
447: Computes the product of two matrices using numpy's matrix multiplication function .  If input is invalid raises an exception if they are uncompatible to
448: Finds the index of duplicate nom long name. If no duplicates found returns "-1".  Code is used to check if there are any stops
449: Returns the first element of two lists if they are not equal. Otherwise returns none or one list depending on which was non null/empty respectively .
450: Check if every element of the first list is also present as an item within another given second.  If so return True else False .  	Example
451: This function takes an integer n and returns the sum of all integers from one to that number. For example, if you call `add_up`
452: Convert all non ASCII characters in the input to their closest equivalent as printable character using only builtin functions, without any external libraries or modules used
453: Translate DNA to RNA. 10 points possible, no bonus marks if not completed correctly by the student .   [3pts].
454: Convert frequency to number of days. 	Input : Frequency and Horizon in years or months . Output - Number Of Days	. Example usage:"
455: Returns the directory name of path 'path'.  If no '/' is found, returns an empty string .   Else if first character in file
456: Encode the config topic to utf 16be without errors .   # TODO : add more details about what it does and why is useful in
457: Returns the vector representation of number one hundred and twenty percentages in decimal form .   # noqa E[enter ]    c overwritten by
458: Increments the input number until it is divisible by another given integer.  This function will be useful in solving problems related to finding out how many
459: Calculates the sign of each player's score in given teams. Returns an array with signs where positive means that players are on left side and negative
460: A function to check if number is prime.  It returns True or False based on whether the input integer 'is' an odd composite natural logarithm
461: Convert list to dictionary. The function takes two elements at each index and creates an entry with the first element as key & second one is used value of
462: A function that calculates the number of layers in an n level pyramid. The base case is when there's only one floor, it
463: Unpacks the singletons from an iterable. If there is only one element in list, it returns that single item otherwise return original input
464: This function reverses the input string.  It uses Python' built in functionality to return an array of characters and then joins them together into one single
465: Computes the Padé approximant of order three with parameters. The approximation is computed using an iterative method to improve numerical accuracy over fixed point ar
466: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two cells in an m x n grid. 	Inputs are coordinates of both points and outputs is integer
467: Normalizes the images to be between [-0., +] and [+,-]. This is done by dividing each pixel of both image with its
468: A recursive function to calculate the number of possible combinations that can be formed from 'N' items using only two types. The first type is used
469: Calculates the sum of squares. 	Inputs : list, Output -> int/float . Returns square sums from input elements..  1
470: Returns the short name of an entity based on its full or partial descriptions, taking into account possible commas and spaces between names .  For example :
471: Convert the metrics of an event to list format.  The function takes in one argument, which is expected as dictionary containing precision and recall values from Standard
472: Finds the stop point of an iterative process.  If it'll be more efficient to use tuples instead than lists as paths or
473: Defines an operation that adds two numbers.  Code is used to add the inputted parameters together and return their summation as output."
474: Convert the given input to an integer. If it's none, false or true then return as string else keep in int form .   ##
475: Check the type of subtractive alignment files (.fna, .ffn).  If it is fastq then return 'bwa' else
476: Returns the association scheme of an associative array.  If no specific value is provided, it defaults to 'none'.  1st parameter ->
477: Convert distance from meters to other units like mm or km .   ## Code : convert the given value in meter into different unit of measurement such as
478: Calculates the Earth's orbit around our sun in radians per second^ – based on time since Jupiter’ s last revolution, which
479: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  The result is returned as an integer value .   "DOT" means to multiply corresponding elements
480: Returns the positive integer part of 'n' if it is greater than zero, otherwise returns zeros.   [1pt] ...[3
481: Convert HTML special characters to their corresponding ASCII values.  This function converts &, < and > into the respective symbols respectively while leaving other non
482: Calculates the amount of successful tests. – Code is used to calculate how many test cases passed successfully from given list/array 'run'. The
483: A function that encodes the input string using Caesar Ciphers. The shift is determined by an integer 'Key'. It uses ASCII values to
484: Returns the class of an integer. 0 is not considered as valid input and returns empty string if it's invalid or unknown, otherwise return its
485: Calculates the normalized score. This function takes three parameters - 'scores' and two sizes of data sets to be compared . It returns an array
486: Get the volume of an object in 3D space given its id and return it if destroyed or not found . If there is no such record then
487: Returns the largest integer less than or equal to given number 'floor' . If input value of type nan, inf then returns respective values else if it
488: Convert an array or number to list if it is not already one; otherwise return the input itself as List[Any]. Code snippet that conver
489: Flatens the input list of lists.  For example, given [[1], [3] ,[4]] it will return as . It is
490: Convert string value into boolean. If the input is either 'yes', ‘no’, true's case insensitive version of it will be
491: Convert id to element type. 1 = water ,  0= earth . This function is used when the game starts and assigns each new user
492: Convert an empty array to 'none' if it exists.  Otherwise return the original value unchanged."   Code snippet/example : `def
493: This function returns the ensemble of active replicas within each given set or list 'steps'. If no such replication is found it appends an empty string
494: A function to calculate the nth Fibonacci number. It uses recursion and memoization technique where previously calculated values are stored so
495: Convert the coordinates of an object's location in one frame to another.  The function takes as input two parameters : 'image width and height',
496: Check if the given object has failed phase. This function will return True or False based on whether it's in Failed state .
497: Convert the given rotation constant to pmi value .	Inputs : Rotation Constant Output - PMI Value	.   Example Input/Output pairs are
498: Get the values of an Entity.  If no such dictionary exists then return "none".   . Parameters : 'Entity Type' and list
499: Check if the parameter is of type int, uint etc., and also checks whether it'll fit into 8 bytes on most systems by default;
500: This function formats the references from an input list of tuples into markdown formatted string with bullet points and links to full text versions if available,
501: This function takes in an input string and returns the first part of it that is considered as Proteins ID .  It uses split() method to divide
502: Multiply two matrices. 4x3 matrix multiplication is performed on the left side of '*'. The resultant output will be another four
503: Generates the initial State of Dron.e – an object that contains all information about drones and their current statuses .   ->
504: 返回一个字符串，表示根据给定的参数获取过滤器的值。如果没有提供任何特定类型的筛
505: Check if the number has square form. If it does, return true; otherwise false . For example :is\_sqaure(\[36
506: Computes the determinant of 6D matrix formed by three vectors. The order in which they are multiplied matters to compute their product and hence
507: This function splits the input string into lines and joins them back together with spaces in between each line, similar to how it would be done manually but
508: Finds the cheapest item from given population.  It returns an object with cost and name properties of least expensive product found among all items within provided
509: Encodes the variable as an integer. The encoding is done in such way that it can be used to identify and decode back into its original form
510: 返回一个包含给定标题的字典列表。每个条目都是具有唯一ID、名称和域名的头部
511: This function takes as input an array of lists and returns the concatenation – or "combined" - list. It does so by iterating
512: Computes the cross product of two 4D vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from both input arguments and has length
513: Checks if the given tensorflow/keras model is compatible with RNN cells or not .  Returns true when it's an rnn
514: Remove quotes from the string. 	Inputs : Two strings and one list of lists . Output is two new elements in that array which are without
515: Returns the string representation of number 'n' with appropriate suffix.  For example, if given input is one it returns as single and when more than
516: This function returns the N th FIBONACCI number. It is an iteratively implemented solution to calculate fibo numbers using two variables and three
517: Returns the list of subsets to be used in training, validation or testing.  The function is designed specifically with respecting different tasks like train/ valid
518: Returns the comparison operator based on whether string ends with certain values or not . 01/3 -> eq,  48976
519: Calculates the cost of travel based on given distances. If one unit is travelled, it costs nothing; if more than two units are travers
520: Remove curlies from docstrings and return the modified string with replaced keys removed .  This is useful when generating documentation or reports that don’t need
521: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two vectors.  The result is normalized to be within [0..n], where n = max of vector lengths
522: This function takes an integer as input and returns the total of its digtis. For example, if you call `sumDigit` with argument '
523: Create dictionary from list of categories.  The keys are the names and values their ids .   # TODO : Add docstring to explain what it
524: Adds the values of an object to tracking total counts if they are valid integers or non-"None". If it'll be added again later on
525: Returns the closest number between two given numbers.  If 'highest' is greater than or equal to "lowest", it returns that; if
526: Check if the given file name starts with "<filename>"-"snares-" in its extension . Return True or False accordingly 	. Example
527: Returns True if the index is within boundaries of an array.  Otherwise returns False . The function checks whether given indices are inside/outside bounds in
528: Generates requirements file from the given parameters' . 	Inputs : params -> dictionary of inputs to be passed in function call, returns Requ
529: Generates data frame with specified number of rows and columns.  The value is 'r' followed by the row count then column counts like r1
530: Returns the history of user's move on given game state and player’ s pieces .  It returns an array with all possible positions where it can
531: This function takes the full file name as input and returns only its filename without extension (.txt, .csv etc.)  Code Example :find\_fil
532: This function returns the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to num . For example, if you call with input as '16',
533: Convert list of tokens into single string and convert it'll be parsed in the form 10. If parsing fails, print error message "
534: Counts the number of times each type emotions occurs. Returns dictionary with keys as types and values counts associated to them .   [3 points].
535: Compare two Digital Object Identifiers and return whether they match exactly – case insensitive comparison of DOIs are performed on the basis that only one digit
536: Defines the Heavysine function. This is used to determine whether or not an input x value should be considered positive in determining if
537: Copies the dictionary dictionaries and returns it with given desciption . 	Inputs : dict , string -> Output is copied Dictionary of
538: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers   Output：The Greatest Common Divisior .
539: A function that rounds the input number to 'p' decimal places. For example if you pass in an integer and decimals as parameters it will
540: Removes empty values from dictionary .  Input : Dictionary , Output - Filters out the keys with null or undefined/None Value and returns new dict
541: A function to calculate the Hammings distance between two sequences. If they are not of equal length it returns false and otherwise calculates their difference count
542: Finds the median of three numbers. 3rd number is not included in calculation if it'd be greater than both others or less then all
543: This function returns the number of day in each month.  It is used to calculate total months and years from date inputted by user .   For
544: Remove sensitive data from sentry events.  This function removes the username and email of users if they exist within an SENTRY EVENT object or
545: Check if the sides of triangle are valid. 1 <= x <= 90 degrees respectively . Returns True or False accordingly based on whether it's
546: Checks if the string contains valid field content.  If it does, returns false; otherwise true . This function checks whether or not there are
547: Convert the 9 points of an octagon into list format. The first point is at origin and each subsequent one moves in clockwise direction around center
548: Convert string to floating point number. If conversion is not possible, return the original value as it was given in input parameter 'safe' .  Code
549: Checks if the two messages are different. If they're not both empty strings or identical then it returns true otherwise false – checks whether there
550: Convert integer to unsigned. If the number is negative, return it as an absolute value of itself; otherwise just convert and returns its positive form .
551: Concatenates all the elements in dictionary.  The output is string of concatenated values separated by comma and space .   For example, if
552: This function takes two parameters and prints them out.  It returns the second parameter as it is returned by reference in Python programming language .  10
553: Returns True if the given value is greater than or equal to 1. This function checks whether it'll be possible draw condition of line with positive
554: Perform Linear Interploation between two points.  Alpha is the ratio of how far from point one to where we want our
555: Removes the end of line character from input.  If there is no new Line at last, it returns original text as output . Otherwise removes and
556: This function calculates the correcteness indicator based on accumulative mistake and threshold of total possible mistakes. It returns value between [0 to +∞
557: Adds decoys to the inputted list of proteins. 	Input - List[str]: A sequence or set/list with protein names,
558: A function to generate an empty 1D list of tuples representing the coordinates on which elements are placed within rows and columns respectively . The number
559: This function takes in two parameters - the URL and User ID then returns only part of it after splitting by given id .  For example if we have
560: This function filters out the given list of 'Orphans' from all input data and returns only those that are present within each individual Way object as
561: This function splits the input string into individual "Words" or tokens, separated by commas and returns them as list of strings .  It
562: Calculates the induced quasisteady energy of an electron in atomic units. 	Inputs are Energy and position vector . Returns zeta value
563: Returns the coordinates of all neighbouring cells in an array. The neighbourof cell at position x and Y is determined by moving one step to
564: Returns True if the variable contains an underscore, False otherwise. 	Inputs : str or list of strings . Output - bool indicating whether string
565: A function to convert hours into milliseconds. The result is rounded off and returned as an integer value in the end .   [END]
566: Returns true if the given filename exists and is not empty, otherwise raises an exception with appropriate error message .  [os] module used to check whether
567: Rewrite the given 'Event' object to message format using provided dictionary of data and return it as new Event with updated attributes .  [...]
568: Returns list of only the odds from given coin values.	   .    Code : return[i f i%3==0 ]returnlistof
569: Generates job names based on the given parameters – an EndPoint Name , Pertub Prefix & DatasetName . The function will remove
570: Returns the absolute differences between each element of list and given input – 'l' . The result is returned as an array with all these values sorted
571: Returns the most significant byte of an integer. This function is used to get MSBs from integers in MIPS assembly language programming . The result will be
572: Determine the winner of Rock Paper Scisssor Lizards Spocks game.  Inputs are two choices made by players and outputs either
573: Builds the clause of SAT problem. The formula is "mv^n*(xy+i)" where n=0 and i = 4*
574: Convert an integer into its corresponding nucleotide. If the number isn't in range return X .   Indexes are zero based and correspond with
575: Clean the MSISDN number by removing '+ 1'.  If it doesn’t start with an international dialing prefix, return as is
576: Compute the determinant of 3D vector product. This is used to compute area and volume in three dimensions using vectors from two points on
577: Returns the specified dictionary's subset.  The returned object is similar to original but with only those elements that are present as given by 'keys'.
578: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII character. For example, convert the number "3" into "#", and converts numbers greater than or equal
579: A function that returns an array of 'degree' elements with the same value as "K" repeated N times – used to generate regular sequence pattern
580: Returns the path to tokens.  The name of each file is generated from its corresponding .json data in /data/raw/.   This function will
581: Get the appropriate type of Quat from dictionary.  If it exists then return that else raise error if none exist .   [get_one]
582: This function checks if the given string ends with one of two special endings. “,” and ? . If it does then returns True else
583: A function that returns true if all elements of an input list/tuple are truthy. If not, it will return false and stop processing further
584: Calculates the average lag between captions of an episode, ignoring any negative values and taking into account only non zero times . If there are no
585: Returns the correct separator based on input type, either comma or tab depending upon whether it's provided as an argument to function call and if not
586: Transposes the input matrix mat .  The transposed version of an n x m Matrix is created where each column becomes its own element and vice vers
587: Normalizes the events list by removing "_" prefix from event types and adding them to normalized form as "normalized_" .  This function is used
588: Checks if the given string contains more than one dot.  If it does, then returns True; otherwise false .   It checks whether there are
589: Returns the value of bit at position 'j' in binary representation. 0 if not set and nonzero otherwise .  	Inputs : S
590: Check if the payload contains information about an incoming pull request.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .   [10pts]
591: Extracts the tag from an object.  If no such thing exists it returns None .  	Input : A string that starts with '{'
592: Returns true if the index is even. False otherwise, returns false in all other cases . This function checks whether an input pixel's position matches with
593: Flatens the list.  If input is empty, returns an output of same size as it's given but with no elements; if only one
594: A function to calculate the power of an integer using recursion. It uses Euclid's algorithm and is efficient with time complexity O((log
595: Calculates the number of ways to choose 'K' items from n total objects without repetition and with replacement – Binomiinal Coefficient
596: Returns the Bezie's quadratic terms of cubic spline interpolation.  The coefficients are computed as per Bézière’ method to
597: Predicts whether or not the given KickStarters will be successful.  Input parameters are main category of kickstartern ,deadline
598: Check if two histoties are equal.  If not return False else True .	Inputs : Two Historie objects or strings that represent
599: Builds the complement of an input sequence.  It takes as its argument one string representing any type DNAnucleic acid and returns another str
600: Convert the given number to its string representation. If it's 0, return an empty String; if not provided then returns 'unknown'.
601: Get the weight of an adaptor in grams or milligrams based on its type and size . If no such information is available return zero if
602: This function takes as input an array of sentences and returns the same data but organized by signs instead – each sign is represented with its corresponding translation if
603: Get the set of letters from an algorithm name, returns one letter per word in chord or melodies . e..g 'a' , b
604: Get the annotation type from file name or given input if not provided by user – based on extension of .txt files in directory and its subdirect
605: Returns the position of character in its corresponding row on an Alphabetic chessboard, starting from A=0 and Z = 7 . If
606: This function calculates the maximum possible batchess required to fill up an object with given total and percentage of each batch. The result is rounded down
607: Split the name of an GitHub repo into two parts based on its path structure – owner and project id part . e..g 'owner
608: Convert Mel scale to Hz using the formula from human auditory scales and pitches of musical instruments .	Inputs : MEL SCALE VAL
609: Converts units from SI base to metric and vice versa based on the input string' s suffixes . M = meter , K =  thousand
610: Get the name of Mongodb field in BigQuery table schema . 	Inputs : Field Name from mongodbschema, Output -
611: This function takes two inputs - one of which should also have its own length equal to that input's; otherwise it raises an error message stating "
612: Computes the ceiling of log base two. The result is an integer value that represents how many times one can add to or subtract from x in
613: Calculates the geometric center of given set or list. The result is returned as tuple with three coordinates representing cartesian space .   [ ]"
614: Fetch the file name from url, if it ends with .yml or not present then return original filename else raise an error message “no
615: Parses the number from an inputted text, removing any units of measurement and returning it as floating point value – e..g., '
616: Counts the number of non empty lines from source file or string .  It is used to determine if there are any valid entries on an input stream
617: Returns the remainder of dividing 'base' by given number.  This is equivalent to finding modulus in python programming language .  	Example :
618: Returns the current states of an object in terms as list format with edges and distance information .  For example : [('A', 'B'), ('
619: Returns the directory name based on identifier. 	Inputs : Identifier, Output -> Directory Name string e..g., '10'
620: Removes empty keys from dictionary .  It removes the key if its value equals to an emtpy string or list of strings/None values	.
621: Clean the input data by removing leading and trailing whitespaces or replacing NA with an empty string  Code snippet used in other parts of program
622: This function takes in an URL path and returns the job id from it if possible, else return none .  It uses regex to extracts number part
623: Calculates the percentage of humid air in one atmosphere. The formula is used to calculate it based on specific gas concentrations and atmospheric pressure at
624: Load the coordinates of CTD data.  Returns four values - Station ID and Coordinates in format [Latitude , Longitute].   .'
625: This function sorts the characters in string alphabetically and removes non alpha numeric chars from it .  It also converts all letters to lower
626: Calculates the confidence interval of an unknown population parameter with given standard deviation and sample size using Z score method to estimate it's value .   [
627: Decodes the packet number from an encoded value. The function takes three parameters; 'num bits' of data to be used in encoding/decoding
628: Returns the multiplier based on input string, e..g., 'kb' returns kb = 937648'.   .e
629: Checks if the given term is present in any part of input string or substring with optional ignoring cases --> This function will return
630: Normalizes the text by removing extra spaces and converting to lower case 	Inputs : Text string, Output -> normalized version of inputted strings
631: Convert dB to magnitude in linear scale, equivalent of mag_toDB() function from the Magnitude Conversion Toolbox .m file on M
632: This function takes as input an array of strings, splits them into pairs and converts each pair's elements from the list/array that
633: Returns the number of levels in an online game. 1 level is equivalent to one player, and each subsequent addition increases by two players until reaching unlimited
634: Returns True if the given object is plural, False otherwise 	Input type : list of strings or string .   Output Type    bool - whether it
635: Compute the multiplicative inverse of an integer. If not possible returns `None` or negative number if input is less than zero and GCD with
636: Converts the given pitch to frequency in Hz using midi note numbering system . The input should be between -6 and +8, where
637: This function takes an initial list of possible steps and returns the new set after applying each one to all elements within that array/list – it'
638: This function returns the environment variables to be set up by an external shell script or command line interface using .bashrc file 	or other similar mechanism
639: This function calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers and returns it as an output parameter named 'loss'. The input parameters are "
640: Convert the given percentage to an integer between [min='int', max = 'max'] range of color value in hexadecimal format .
641: Returns the union of two sets as list 	Inputs : Two lists/sets to be merged . Output - The combined and sorted unique elements from
642: Generates an absolute URL from the given namespace and resource name in K8S API server' context . This function is used when we need
643: Counts the number of unique patterns that are marked as Dynamic.  Returns zero if no such pattern is found, otherwise returns count value from repository
644: Truncates the number x to 'decimal places' specified by integer argument "n". If n is positive then it trims trailing z
645: Returns the value of x in Brooke units, which is equivalent to 467 m^(-n). The conversion factor from meters per second
646: Converts the given distance in miles into centimeters. 1 mile is equal .649730厘米, so we
647: Computes the Levinstein distance between two strings. The levenshstein is defined as “the minimum number of single character edits” that
648: Get the last part of an OpenLibrary book id as string from its full path .  e..g "books/OL38649
649: Returns True if the given string starts with an underscore but does NOT end in double slash, otherwise returns False 	Parameters : str ->
650: Calculates the weight of an object. The formula is “weight = ((number_of letters + 0.) / number).” . This function
651: Convert the given amount of rainfall to energy equivalent in Joules using preciptation coefficient from Mars Climate Model .   [Note
652: Parse the output of git log --grep=<pattern> command into lines and return them as tuples with three elements - index number
653: Create and return the offer with vendor id set to its own ID.  The timestamp is updated based on current system's date/time .
654: Parses string to boolean. If the input is yes, true or on it returns TRUE; if not then false/ no value returned .
655: Removes all instances of the word 'anything' and replaces it with just one instance or no at random if there are multiple occurrences
656: Sanitation of the given string to remove dots in it and replace them with square brackets [].  This is used when we want our programm
657: Calculates the volume of an ellipsoid with axes lengths 'a' and ‘’ b . If both are positive then it returns
658: returns true if the spacecraft model has any of two types rotation models. If it does then returns false otherwise . The function checks whether there
659: Convert Feets and Inches into Centimeters .  	Inputs : Two parameters -> one parameter is in feats , other paramter
660: This function filters out all the .PY file names from given list of directories/subdirectories that are under 'Simulation' directory – Python
661: This function returns all Pythtagonal triangles with sides less than or equal to the given number 'N'. The triplets are represented as t
662: This function checks if two given intervals overlap. If they do it returns the overlapping interval else return none .  The input is expected to be t
663: Combines two vectors as an average with the given 'booster' factor and returns resultant combination . The function raises error if input is not valid
664: Returns the current pixel ratio of an object or its parent in relation to screen pixels . If no such information available it returns default value which will be returned
665: Calculates the distance from center to top of cylinder.  Inputs are radius and Height in units .   Output is Distance as float value
666: Change the extension of an input filename to .txt or another specified one 	Inputs : A string representing name and type (.e..g -
667: Escape special characters in CSV file names.  This function will escape any character that isn't allowed to be used directly within an entry of
668: Returns the first two elements of an input. If it's not 3 or more dimensions then raises error .   Type : Function -> List
669: Returns the result of an operation. If it's not supported by program or if there is no such function in current context then returns False and -
670: Returns the directory and prefix of file name as separate strings from input filename string . The function is used to split up an absolute or relative path into its
671: Returns the intersection of two lists.  The result is another list that contains only those elements which are present both as an element on one side and also
672: Checks if the given input 'is positive' . 1. If it returns True, then return true else False or an error message "Not
673: Generates unique ids in the form of one line.  The function takes four parameters - indexing into an array and returns corresponding value from that
674: Shifts the given 3D Point by specified amount. This function takes in two parameters - 'Point' and an integer value representing how much to
675: Convert list of headers to map with string keys and values .  The input should be [("Header1", "Value"), ("Another Header","
676: A view that returns the Mars Street View. 	Tags : mosaic, streetView , views .   Type of request - GET or POST
677: This function takes as input the list of strings, and returns another string with each label wrapped to fit within 160 characters or less using ell
678: Fixes the macro integer. – [your name], date:[date of creation/modification]"   -> Code : Defines and fixes
679: Search recursively through dictionary and lists to find the specified value or key within them .  If found return true else false if not then it checks whether
680: Convert lane names to edges.  If input type string then it splits the given strings by underscore and returns second part of each substring which
681: This function returns the smallest integer from an array of numbers.  If no number is provided, it will return None .	Example usage :min([
682: This python method calculates DICE similarity coefficient between two sets.  It returns value in range [0..1] where  ```[DIC
683: This function calculates the curvature of two plates with different material properties and bends in contact at given distance from each other using Poisson's ratio as
684: This function takes two arguments, subject and ses. It returns the combination of these as one line string separated by underscores (_).  If either
685: This function calculates the operating leverage of an item. It is used to determine how much profitability there would be from selling more units at lower prices
686: Returns the string 'c' followed by inputted strings with underscores replaced 	with spaces, and adds an extra word of space before it
687: This function calculates the number of ways to climb stairs by taking one step at any time. The total count is calculated using memoziation technique where
688: Returns True if all inputs are 0 or False otherwise. This function checks whether the given parameters represent valid input to be passed into 'goodToGO
689: Generates an operation run log.  The format is deviceId,operationName ,status and timeStamps of the operations .  	Example :
690: Clean the input string by replacing newline and carriage return characters with spaces, then returns cleaned up version of it  Code_Version : v1 .
691: Adapt the 'Kind' of an object to its original form before it was calculated or transformed into another format/type .  For example , if
692: Checks if the given string can be considered as god name. A God Name should start with { and end by } . It must have at least
693: Generates an empty matrix of size 'rows' x ‘columns’ with all elements as zeroes, ie., it creates and returns the
694: This function filters out all the .PDF files from given list of paths and returns them as output – one path at time, if it ends with
695: Updates the average of an observation over time.  The new observations are weighted more heavily than older ones to prevent them from becoming too dominant and causing
696: This function returns the coordinates of all squares that are neighbours to square at position `[`numRows]*y+[(numpColums
697: Normalizes the configuration validation.  Returns an error dictionary if there are any unrecognized keys or missing values within configs .   If all checks
698: Fix perspective string values to match the given mappings and convert them into title case if they are not already capitalized .  This function is used when
699: Convert the data type of an array to float.  If it is already in 'floar', return as same, if not convert from int or
700: Transform the file into list of lines in Python scripting language 	Version control system, GitHub or similar platform to store and manage your project
701: Set the default text and label fonts.  If no argument is provided, it will return current set value of global variable '_font' .   if
702: This function calculates the temperature conversion from Celsius to Kelvin using linear interpolation with degree of freedom = `n=m+p
703: Calculates the middle point of two numbers. The result is rounded down to nearest integer if necessary . If initial and step are equal then returns one number
704: Check if there is any common link in the list of links. This function takes two lists as input and returns True or False based on whether
705: This function drops the specified labels from string and returns new one with them removed .  It also keeps other parts of sentence intact	.   Inputs
706: Calculates the differences between two sets of data.  This is used to calculate statistical significance in hypothesis testing or any other analysis where we want an estimate
707: Check if two dictionaries are equal. If they're not the same size or contain different values at corresponding keys then return False else True  .
708: A linear interpolation function.  It takes four parameters and returns the value between two given values at current step of progression from 'start' to
709: This function calculates the derivative of population growth rate with respect to time.  It takes as input parameters 'population size' and other necessary variables
710: Converts list of dictionary objects to one main Dictionary object.  The subfields are used as keys and the values from each individual dic is taken
711: Defines and tests the function. Returns sum of two numbers or one number when both are provided but returns only first non null value in case they'
712: This function takes two arguments - 'times' and dictionary of snapshoots. It returns the snapshot at each time specified by user inputted list
713: Returns the season based on weather conditions at given index in table.  If no data available return 'unknown'.   if next day is hotter than
714: Counts the number of evenly divisible pairs. Code is used to find all possible pairings between two numbers from N and its double that are
715: Generates ISOs from the configuration file and adds them to an existing one – lists all possible combinations of distributions/releases / architectires &
716: Remove empty lines from the input list of strings, return new string with nones and only one space between each word in it . ...
717: Returns the nth term of an arithmetic sequence.  The formula used is ((x + y)/   ) /    . x and     are
718: This function converts the minimum and maximum longitudes/ latitudinal coordinates to south / northeast corner of bounding box in degrees from decimal
719: Translate an environment's actions into human readable form.  For example, if the input is 'open left', it will return integer value
720: Join two paths. If the second path is absolute or relative to first one then join them as it should be otherwise add slash at end of both
721: This function is used to generate the key of an element in dictionary.  The keys are generated by concatenating two parts separated with underscore (_).
722: Update the wiki page string with new values based on provided parameters.", 1), replace("/synonyms/$SYNID]"," / Syn
723: Given an equation in the form of [a , b], return y value given input 'x'.  This is equivalent to applying linear transformation.
724: 检查给定的值是否在指定范围内。   Code length :10 lines .    Author name and email id are not provided in the
725: Strip double quotes from string. If the length of input is less than two characters, return original value as it's not valid to have
726: Generates URLs from the given base url and an array of accesseins.  The result is joined into one string with commas separ
727: Check if all the given strings are present as keys of dictionary.  If not return false else true .   ## Code to be written here ...
728: Returns the arguments needed to use an online shape file driver.  If there is no specific access url, it will return only one argument that points towards
729: Return the order of resort key in given dictionary.  If not found, return None .   Code is used to get "Order" from 'Sc
730: This function finds the closest factor of an input number to another given integer 'fac'.  It uses Euclidean algorithm and checks all possible factors upto
731: Subtract the given scaler from each element of vector.  Returns new Vector .   Code Example :subVec = [4 ,6
732: This function takes three numbers as input and returns the maximum number among them along with minimum of those.  The max() &min () functions are used
733: This function calculates the pay out of one unit in terms on how much it would cost to buy or sell an asset.  It is used by
734: 返回一个包含指定规格的类型的列表。如果有自动化事件模型，则包括在内；否则不
735: Calculates the area of bins with given edges.  The first two elements in 'bins' are left and right edge positions respectively .   It
736: Appends the given string to file and returns number of characters written if it exists else creates new one with provided content .  It also handles sleep
737: Parses the input as an integer and returns it after cleaning up any non digit characters that might appear before/after decimal point .  If there
738: Create an XML string representation of the given id.  The returned value is in .xml format and includes all necessary tags to represent one xml element with
739: Adjust foreground position of an object. 	Parameters : id -> the ID to identify which ForeGround Object . posiitons
740: Parses the string representation of an XML attribute into its component pieces and returns them as tuples .  The first element is xreference to
741: Builds message with parameters from test and defaults  Code is used to merge two dictionaries into one . The function takes in the dictionary of params that
742: Trims the description to specified number of characters or by removing punctuation at end if it exceeds given limit .  If there are more than "n
743: This function will return the given string with its colors changed to match another specified one. 	Example usage : print("Hello World", 'red')
744: This function repeats the source string until it reaches or surpasses given number of characters. If provided with negative value as input then returns an empty
745: This function returns the energy of atoms in eV, given their atomic symbol as input parameter 'a'. It uses constants from physics and conversions to
746: This function checks whether the given 'num' is divisible by another numbered. If not it adds to make its multiple of that other numbers and
747: This function takes two gene sequences as input and returns them in the format of one line.  The output is formatted with -- between each pair or sequence
748: Convert string to enum value – case insensitive . lower(). find the corresponding enumerate in dictionary and return it if found else returns given as parameter
749: Returns the base name of file or directory specified by 'file' argument, ie., removes all prefixes and suffix .[.]* from filename
750: Translate an integer to the corresponding index in list. If negative number is provided then it will be translated as per its positive counterpart and if value
751: A function that takes two arguments - an array/list 'word' and another argument which is the number or frequency count. It returns both as
752: Convert Calendar Year and Month to Fiscale year & month. If the given monthly is less than or equal six then it will return same as input else
753: Checks if the input is valid GUID format or not . If it's invalid, returns false else true."   }}}}}}" }}
754: A function that returns the largest multiple of 'm' less than or equal to given number. For example, if input is "34", output
755: Create the history of tweets from user inputted text and return it as string formatting in one line 	Example usage : 'createTwe
756: Calculates the inverse square root of halfway value in python 3 .	Inputs : two numbers , returns one number as output which is an
757: Filter out the direct flights from given list of travel legs using lambda function and return only those with zero stop count in second leg . 	Input
758: Get the URL to season archive page. 	Parameters : Base url of website . Returns -> Season Archive Page Url string	. Example usage
759: Convert srgb color to its gamma corrected version in python . Code is based on the formulae of converting from linear RGB space into nonlinear r
760: Predicts the given body' property values based on its correlation id, model version and other attributes – prints out these predictions in console .
761: Finds the kth number of an array with four elements. The sequence is cyclic and starts from one end to three ends respectively . For example
762: Convert the given JOB ID to its corresponding OJOB object id in an array of objects . 	Inputs : Job Id as string,
763: Returns the complement of an inputted DNA sequence.  If no match is found, returns "-".   Code snippet to test it out with
764: Check if the given object is of type TEXT BOx or not – returns True/False based on it being text box . If none,
765: Generates the smallest permutation of an array. The input is sorted in ascending order, and it generates all possible combinations with one swap operation allowed
766: Tinh xấp phân các só trong mô hìnx ax + by = e
767: Remove trailing whitespace from the beginning of string if it exists and return prefix with stripped content .  If no leading white space exist then do
768: Returns the list of all elements in l that are not present anywhere else.  [1,3,[7],[9]] -> [] ,
769: Calculates the Debyes frequency from given sigma and fluid interface energy .  	Inputs : Density of material , Fluid Interface
770: Counts the number of distinct powers that can be obtained by multiplying two integers from 0 to 'limit'. The limit is given as parameters and
771: Fixes the string to be of length 8. If it is already at least eight characters long, returns as given; otherwise adds leading zeros
772: Create connection information from flow tuple. 	Input : Flow Tuples, Output - Connection Information Dictionary .  	.
773: This function processes the information fields of an input record and returns them as strings or "." if they are not present on that specific field .  The
774: Convert string to boolean using python's builtin function .  If the input isn’ t of type 'str', return it as given; otherwise
775: Converts milliseconds to timestamp format. For example 'HHH MM SS SSS'. The function takes an integer argument representing the number
776: Convert points to pixels in a given DPI based on the current display resolution .	Inputs : Point size, Output -> Pixel Size	.
777: Mock token verification function to be used in unit testing or integration tests of AuthZero module's functions and services .   [AuthZ] ->
778: Finds the fusion energy per reaction based on reactant' s atomic numbers and returns it as dictionary with keys being atom types, values are their
779: Calculates the spherical harmonic coefficients of radius. ...   [END]    .     ...""") ) ###################################### CODE END
780: Returns the current state of flags. The function returns an integer that represents whether or not all bits in 'flag' are set, and if so what
781: Convert an object into its equivalent Python data structure representation as List or Tuple if it's not already one of these types; otherwise return the original
782: Create an SQL query to get user profiles based on the provided list of ids.  The result will be in JSON format with each row representing one
783: Calculates the percentage difference between two values. This is used to measure how much of an improvement has been made in performance over time due tp some
784: Returns the letter associated with given astrophysical object.  If it doesn't know what to do, returns an error message stating that they didn
785: Returns the key of two peaks. The first element is frequency and second one time stamp difference between them – used to sort keys in dictionary .
786: Get the list of DNS names and common name from certificate subject that are present within given set/list – one line function to do it .
787: Convert RGB color to decimal. Decimal is the equivalent of hexadecimals, but with more precision and range compared than binary or octal
788: Returns the given formula as an expression in which all variables are prefixed by their respective names and/or numbers of occurrences .  For example
789: Validates the parameters required by create or update function.  Returns false if any of them are missing, otherwise returns true .  	Parameters : artist
790: Computes the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclidean algorithm.  The function returns three values : gcd , quotient and remainder respectively
791: Calculates the value of 1/Vi = √[[(x^3)/6]+((y*z)*sqrt([a
792: This function takes in the string representation of DICE notation and returns its equivalent value as an integer tuple representing how many sides each die has on one side
793: This function returns True if the person is an adult and False otherwise.  The parameter 'age' must be greater than or equal to  0 .
794: Checks if the inputted number starts with any of ‘zero’, 'one', ... ,'nine'. If it does then returns
795: This function generates the links to pages of an article or blog post based on given link and page number limit set by user inputted value . e..
796: Calculates the variance of two populations. The formula is used to calculate it from given means and variances in each population respectively . This function takes as
797: Check if the input string represents true or yes. 0/False otherwise .  	Inputs : String -> Output Type = Boolean    Example
798: If the last card in your deck is an Ace, double it. Otherwise return original list of cards .  [ ] [A3 H
799: Convert string into hostnames or FQDNs from URL/URI strings, optionally filtering out non HTTP and HTTPS protocols .
800: Returns the URL to access NavItiA API coverage data.  The url is based on provided name of Coverity status . e..g :
801: Create an extension of the dictionary class with methods to substitute variables in strings using another dictionaries as mapping table .  This is useful when you want your
802: 返回一个表示货币对的字符串。例如，"USD/CAD"->“美元到加拿大元”
803: This function flattens an inputted nested/multidimensional array into one dimension using recursion and iteration methods respectively .  It takes as
804: Check if two runs are combinably equal by comparing keys and values of the dictionary objects they represent."  [...]   # Add more details here ...
805: This function returns an object that maps EC instances to their volumes based on the attachmnts information of AWS EBS Volumne  . It takes
806: 返回一个布尔值，指示给定的方案是否安全。如果该函数的输入是"schemes",则它
807: Prints the value of 'i' if it is 1. Otherwise, does nothing or returns None . Code snippet to be used in
808: This function determines the minimum and maximum price from an array of stock market data.  It uses two variables to keep track as it iterates through each
809: This function returns the day of week from given period. 	Inputs : Period in hours, Output is Day name e..g., Monday or
810: Calculates the accuracy of binary classification model. 	Inputs : True Positives ,True Negatives . False positives and false negations respectively
811: Returns the list of valid neighboring points. This function is used to find possible moves from current position on grid map . It returns only those positions which are
812: Returns whether the given head of an instruction is hazardous.  If it's not present as one or more instructions are waiting to execute on that
813: Checks if the given URL starts with "dhtt/ udo".	   .endwith(".com"); return True; else False, returns
814: Calculates the centroïd of each polygon defined by its vertices, returns list with these coordinates .  [::] -> List[T
815: Get the CPE identifier of an entry.  If not found, return empty string .   [get]    ##[code](https://
816: Returns True if the number is positive, False otherwise. 	Inputs : int or float . Output - bool indicating whether input value > 1e
817: compare two lists. If the lengths of both are not equal then return false else check if all elements at corresponding positions match and returns true otherwise it will
818: Create an equivalence expression. 	Inputs : Two expressions to be compared . Returns the equivalent of two given inputs in form {'tye': '
819: Return the version number without 'RC' suffix if it exists, else return original string  .   Code is used to clean up release candidate versions from
820: A function that returns the string 'Greetings' followed by input parameter. This is done using multiplication operator to repeat it as many times
821: Convert an integer to the corresponding ASCII character of its equivalent English name. For example, 0 -> 'a',  3486
822: Count the number of occurrences and sort by occurrence frequency – a function that takes an array/list with strings as input to return sorted
823: A function that returns the smallest power of two greater than or equal to n. If there is no such number then it will return zero . The input
824: Convert SnakCase to Pascale Case – convert the given string from one case formatting style into another . The function takes an underscore separated
825: Returns the last two elements of A in ascending order. If there are less than 3 items, returns None or an error message if not enough
826: Checks if the given number can form triangles. This function uses Pythagorean theorem to check whether it's possible or not by
827: Compare two dictionaries. If they are equal return True else False  Code snippet to test the function with some data :  ```python
828: Validation handler that checks if the list of error messages is empty. If it's not, returns them as one string with newline characters between
829: Check if an object can be converted to pandarame Dataframe or series  .   # noqa : disable= E1348
830: Calculates the number of times an investment will be made in given time frame.	Inputs : Amount to invest , Duration and Frequency
831: Generates help text based on the file's extensions. 	Input : List[str], str -> Output:[String]. The function generates
832: Interpolates two columns of data. The first column is the base value and second one represents an increment/decrement factor to be applied on
833: A function to calculate the number of ways you can choose elements from an array. The result is calculated using combinations formula which uses Binomial Co
834: This function generates colors based on the input parameters. It uses linear interpolation to generate color values between 0 and max value of each channel depending upon
835: Defines the methods available in an API interface based on version of the library or framework used to implement it .  For example if you are using num
836: Converts dictionary of votes to list with ranks ordered by the number they received from highest voted candidate downwards .  For example : {'A':
837: This function takes as input an list of dictionaries and the keyword to be extracted from each dictionary entry; it returns all values associated with that key within
838: Returns the number of distinct values found within an array or list using specified keys to identify them .  It is used when we want count only if it
839: Convert the given programming or scripting languages to their corresponding country flags .  For example, if you pass 'python' as input it will return its
840: Returns the current 'learning rate' at given iteration based on its type and number of total iterations in training process . If it is less than or equal
841: Create an Error Response. 	Parameters : message to be displayed in the response body . Returns JSON object with valid set as false and customised mess
842: Calculates the logarithm of probability density function at value given by normal distribution with specified parameters .   [1]_.    .. math:: P(\
843: Extends the box by given amount in horizontal direction.  The new coordinates are returned as tuples of two elements each representing one corner's
844: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same string but with each word's first character uppercase while all other characters are
845: Returns the principle quantum number of an atom. The function is used to determine how many electrons are in each atomic nucleus, which determines its spin and
846: Calculates the percentage of NEEs within confidence interval. This function calcula... .   [END SUMMARY]. --->"calc
847: A function to find all the factors of an integer, including  and . The result is returned as list in ascending order without repetition..
848: Trims the list of file names to specified length or returns all if false/undefined – Returns an array with maximum 'n' number and append
849: This function takes in one argument, datestamp and returns the month of that date.  It is used to get only months from dates stored as strings
850: Convert list of tuples to dictionary.  The first and second elements are used as keys, the third element is taken from each tuple which will
851: This function returns the positive difference between two intervals or zero if they overlap but are not equal in size . The first argument is tested against second one and
852: Calculates the perimiter of an Island on Grid. The input is given as list/array and it returns number if edges present else zero .
853: Computes the similarity between two documents by scaling down their word counts and then calculating an intersection over union ratio to get our final result which is normalized in
854: Parse the given argument as either an integer pair representing pixel dimensions in pixels per unit. If it isn’t valid then raise error with appropriate message
855: Get the source of an annotation or tag from its name, if possible; otherwise return it as is .  [getLabelSrc].
856: Computes the Fibonacci modulus. The function takes two arguments and returns an integer value that is calculated as per formula given in problem
857: Returns the product of three numbers.  Parameter is optional and defaults to one if not provided .  	Example usage :prod\_ double\_\
858: Given two numbers as input. Return the larger one if they are different; otherwise return their sum or difference depending on which is greater and whether both of
859: This function returns unique pairs of users and their associated word from the given dictionary .  It is used to find out all possible user ->word interactions
860: Checks if the given filename exists in current directory or not – returns true/false accordingly . --> Code : check whether an existing files
861: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points.  The function takes as input lists of numbers and returns their respective distances from each other using an
862: This function returns the contiguos borders of an array/list based on given index list .  It is used to find out how many times each
863: Add two binary strings and return the result as an integer. The function will take in any number of arguments that are either integers or binaries to be
864: This function takes in list of files and returns them as string with spaces between each file.  It is used to display the filtered output on console or
865: This function checks if the provided method is valid. If it's invalid then raises an error with appropriate message else returns that value . 10
866: This function calculates the number of times an image can be divided into.  It takes two parameters - 'threshold' and "the maximum possible
867: Checks if the given string starts with "@" or "-". If it does, returns True; otherwise False  .   Code : checker
868: Check if the file at filename has been compressed using gzip formatting or gunzipped with zlib compression algorithm"  . --->
869: Convert nanoseconds to seconds.	Input : Nanos , Output = Second conversion of the input in sec .   e..g., if
870: Returns the number of bottles left in one song.  If there are no remaining ones return 'no' . if only two or less remain then it
871: Returns the arguments to pass into pd.read_* functions based on whether we are using UniX or not 	Args : sep, decimal
872: Remove sequences longer than the specified maximum length from input data set – used to reduce memory usage and speed up training process by reducing overfitting on
873: Decodes the string encoded with %xx% format. If no decoding is possible it raises an exception . Code to be used by other modules/
874: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from string 'str'.  If the input is not provided, it will return an empty str as output .
875: Check if one vector dominance another.  If the first is weakly Pare to second or vice versa .  	Example usage :weakest
876: Sorts the sequence of tuples by length in descending order.  For example [('a', 'b'), ('ab','cd')
877: Returns the magic number of an object.  If no such attribute exists, returns None .   Code is used to fetch and return Magic Number from given
878: Convert all uppercase characters to their corresponding, one character versions.  For example "HELLO" becomes ["h","e",...] . This
879: This function returns the given input with its respective text colored.  The colors are defined by an integer value that corresponds to one of ANSI escape
880: Merge parallel outputs into one dictionary.  The function takes as input an array of dictionaries and merges them together by key value pairs from the
881: Parses the name field from each dictionary object within an array of dictionaries, returning them as one list .  This function is used to extract
882: Convert list of tuples to nested lists .  Converts each element that can be converted into its equivalent nesting level by recursion."
883: Builds and returns list of sub protocols from the given protocol. 	Example usage :build\_oneway() .get('example') will return
884: Remove all whitespace from the inputted text/code block – used to clean up data before processing it in further steps or analysis .e..
885: Convert string to boolean. If the input is 'true', return true, if it's false or missing returns as default value of bool type in
886: Get the age of an image or container from Docker's inspect command using its name/id as input parameter . If it is not found then
887: Return the first and last element of each list in input.  If there are no lists, return None or an empty string respectively if they exist .
888: Convert environment variable value into boolean type – if it’s already true/false then return as such otherwise try converting string representation of the same and
889: Generates an array of evenly spaced numbers over the interval [starting point , ending points] with 'num' number intervals between them .
890: Returns True if the input is power of 3, False otherwise. Code checks whether an integer number has only one bit set in its binary representation and
891: This function generates the list of dictionaries required to create PDFs from an input dictionary with file names and URL'S .  It creates one item
892: Convert list of dicts into dictionary with name as key and color value.  If the 'colors' field is not present, return None instead
893: Generates census tract geoIds from fipscodes. 10 digit FIPS codes are converted to dcid format using the mapping
894: Return the smaller of two tuples based on their second element.  If they are equal in terms by value but not alphabetically then it
895: A function to generate an array of numbers within the range defined by two values with specified steps between them .  For example :  ```drange(-
896: Checks if the input number in range 1 to n. If not, returns False else True . Code checks whether or no numbers are valid within
897: Convert the ratio to an integer. The result is rounded off and multiplied by ten, then converted back into its original scale using round(). This function
898: Returns the first and count of bytes in an array.  The second element is calculated as multiplied by another value to get more accurate results than just
899: This function takes an object as input and returns the root body of that content.  It joins all lines in cont\_object into one string with new
900: Replace special chracters with underscore and return the modified string – Code to be used as part of larger program or function that replaces
901: Get the length of sentences from given list.  Returns an empty array when no sentence is found at any index .  	Inputs : List[
902: This function takes in an image's height and width as well the coordinates of two points. It returns which point is closer to one side or other
903: Returns the descriptive information of three geographical entities.  The function takes in gis ids and returns their descriptions as list .   # TODO
904: Generates the filename of mod volumes based on count – if more than zero, returns 'filename' else return default file name as per requirement .
905: Counts the number of common bits between two lists.  The list is sorted as well to optimize performance on large inputs."   [...] }}}
906: Convert degrees to decimal minutes of arc. This function takes in the degree coordinate and converts it into decimals minute representation . It returns two values
907: This function returns the path to use when accessing secrets in json format .   [...]    return None if no such file exists or not accessible,
908: Calculates the power of base to an exponential. Modular arithmetic is applied beforehand if necessary 	Example usage : print("Result = ",
909: Return the last part of an object's name in braces {} . e..g., "{name}" ->"nma
910: Convert 3 letter amino acid abbreviation to its corresponding chemical symbol. If the input is not in dictionary, return None .   Code length :
911: Replace the last occurrence of 'old' in an array with "new".  If no such occurrences exist return input.   Example usage
912: Creates and returns the table of dictionaries.  The keys are column names, values represent their respective descriptions or meanings in context to be used with
913: Combines two dictionaries and merges them into one dictionary with the same keys but different values from both input dicts .  If key exists then
914: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
915: This function calculates the absolute difference between two values and returns it. If that diff is greater than 97 degrees then we return closest multiple of
916: Checks if the input number 'n' can be rearranged to form palinromic numbers. 0 and negative inputs are not considered
917: Check if the given string contains an "@" symbol.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .	Type of input : String or
918: Create promise command with placeholders and replace them by arguments passed to the function  Code snippet : .createPromiseCommand(['hello','world'])
919: Check if the given string represents any of FIX's supported currencies. 1 Euribor, USD or GBP are considered
920: This function calculates the value of an unknown polynomial with coefficients given by parameters.  The equation is represented as ax^n+bx^m=
921: Returns the labels of an environment as one string, separated by commas and without any spaces or newlines at both ends .  If there are no
922: Unpacks the arguments from an array of dictionaries.  The dictionary keys are used as argument names and values come directly into function parameters .
923: Returns the correct type of an object based on its name. If it's not found then returns 'default'.  [...]   .keys()
924: This function calculates the difference between two lists. It first finds their intersection and then subtracts that from both sets of elements in one single
925: Returns the maximum value that can be represented with 'n' bits. If n is negative then it returns minimum possible integer in python3 . For example
926: Returns the reduced word representation of an input list 'words' based on another given set/list ‘X’ . The function takes two arguments -
927: truncates the value to 'ndigit' decimal places. 	Example usage :ltruncatenumber=10347
928: Return the string quoted.  If input isn’t provided or it doesn‘tsn make sense to quote then return original value as in Pythonic
929: This function returns the number of classes in dataset. 	Inputs : Dataset -> A list or array containing data to be classified . Returns
930: This function returns the file name of score video .log files in matlab scripting language, which is used to store scores and other information about each
931: This function calculates the learning rate of an optimizer based on its current training phase and total number or iterations it has made so far, with decay
932: Rotates the given 3D point around z axis by specified degrees .   # noqa E904 ignore line wraps in doc
933: Convert the given python object to json format using recursive function call .  The input can be any kind of data structure like list , tuple or dictionary
934: Delegates the request to another Lambda function.  The response from that lamda is returned in an interaction model with your bot's
935: This function is used to divide the input signal into blocks of size 'sb' with step length/shift factor as specified by parameter "sh". The
936: Remove punctuation from string. This function takes in one argument - the input text and returns it with all its special characters removed . This is
937: Get the dimensions of multidimensional data. If it'a binary matrix or histogram then return its dimension and number bins else if not bin
938: Compute the four point Lagranz method interpolation at given points and value of t in [t=[minval;max]]. The
939: Remove the specified 'prefixed' subtext from input strings if they start with it; otherwise return original text unchanged 	Inputs : String and
940: Return the input as an array if it's either none or already in form of List. If its neither then convert to one element Array with single
941: Validates if the input is an integer greater than 1. If yes, returns true; otherwise false or raises exception when not validated properly .
942: Convert geometric terms to strings – point, line string etc., based on their type and return the converted name as output of function .  10
943: Rescales the rectangle defined by its bottom left corner and two side lengths to have new dimensions given in terms of an aspect ration as specified
944: This function calculates the number of parameters in Gaussian distribution with given dimension 'D'.  It is used to calculate total parameter count when training neural network
945: Returns the difference between two intervals.  The result is an interval that represents one of those differences in terms from and through which they intersected or overl
946: This function converts the MAC address to uppercase format using split, join and reverse methods in python .  It takes one argument which is string of
947: Returns the delta value of an option. If it's less than or equal to FF+9, returns as is; otherwise return Delta
948: Rescales the data in dataset. 	Parameters : Dataset to be scaled and scaling factor . Returns new Scaled DataSet with same shape
949: checks if every single letter of the input string is present within an array that contains only characters from 'allowed' list – returns True or False accordingly
950: Check if the input list of integers represents an axially symmetric matrix. A boolean value will be returned indicating whether or not it's possible to rotate
951: This function splits the input string into individual elements separated by commas, returning them as an array/sequence of strings in Python 3 .
952: This function returns the tokenized version of input string 'Text'. It splits it into individual tokens based on whitespace characters by using Python's
953: Check if the given directory ends with slash ('/') or else add it to make valid URLs compatible  Input : string, Output ->
954: Calculates the percentage of votes each party gets from their respective arguments. If there are no voters on either side it returns zeroes as percentile values
955: Convert the argument to vector type.  If it's an array or list, return as is; if not convert into row/column vectors respectively
956: Returns the Cross Product of two vectors. The result is another vector that points in exactly one direction from 'this' and has length equal to |cross
957: Returns an string with the specified number of leading spaces.  This is used to create multi line strings in Python by adding extra space at beginning and
958: Mock the hash function of BB's URL and Request object to return specific content in response .json() method call on url parameter with specified parameters as
959: Format the given input as string. If it's an instance of `str` then return that directly; if its type matches one in [list
960: This function calculates the number of periods needed to reach back from ‘a’ modulo 'm'. The calculation is done by taking powers and
961: A function to convert the quality of life profile into points based on its value – used in QPF calculation .   [QualityOfLife
962: Generates the URL to download an OSM PBF file from geoFABRIK's servers based on given parameters - Region and optional
963: Create or get the name of an event with given parameters.  If no specific value provided then return only Topic Name .   Format : DeviceName
964: This function calculates the number of characters in an input string. 	Parameters:(str sc), float/intedit fraction). Returns : int -
965: Return the ANSI escape sequence to change text background and foreground colors.  The input is one of G, C , R or B with
966: This function takes an input string and returns the module name of that file path, excluding any parameters or functions within brackets [].  It does
967: Convert integer to unsigned 64 bit. If the input is negative, it will be converted into positive by adding one and then left shifted three times
968: Convert an integer into its binary representation. 1st line of the output is in base -3, then convert it back from decimal and return as
969: Returns the index of one neighbor in 4D grid. The direction is specified by integer 'n'. If no such neighbour exists return -98
970: Includes base causality and normalization factors.  Returns the input dictionary with added keys if they don't exist already, otherwise returns it unchanged."
971: A function to calculate the number of characters present within QR Code. – [QRCodes] .   -> [Size].    --
972: Removes duplicate levels from the list of tuples based on their second element' value using Python language and returns them as one line output with no
973: 返回三角形中与给定点对应的其他顶点的值。如果没有这样的边，则不存在该边的条件
974: Returns the result of zipping two lists together. 	Inputs are any number and type combination that can be compared to each other in Python;
975: Adds titles of all the 'children' to list named "Hot List".  This function is used when we want our programmatically generated data
976: Check if the input string contains any characters that are repeated in it, ignoring case and non alphabetic chars  .   e g
977: Calculates the padding needed to be added at each end of an array or string. This is used in alignment operations such as centering and wrapping
978: Compare two configuration files.  If they are not equal return false else true . This function is used to check if the configurations of both applications
979: Filter out the linkers that are not GNU. 	Inputs : list of arguments from command line . Output is filtered argument with only gnu
980: Returns the shorter of two moves. If both are equal in length then returns one that is closer to zero than another – if possible . Otherwise it
981: Checks if the channel of an event starts with 'D'.  If it does then returns True else False. This function checks whether or not to
982: Combines two dictionaries into one. If keys are the same between both dicts then value from second dictionary is used if key exists only on first
983: Flat the nested lists into one level dictionary .  For example if input was {'a': ['b',['c','d']]} it would return
984: Calculates the number of differences between two strings. If they are not equal length return – one . Otherwise count and returns how many characters differ from
985: Counts the number of digtis in an integer that are divisble by another given int. The function takes two arguments; one is to be
986: Convert an integer id to the corresponding filename.  The file extension is .jpeg, and it has at least one zero padding up until ten dig
987: Parses the given input as an integer pair within square brackets [].  If no dash is found then it raises error with appropriate message .
988: Truncates the given string to fit within specified length. If it fits perfectly then returns original else cuts off at first occurrence of space and continues until
989: Get the value of an Intent Slotted Variable. 	Parameters : intents -> A dictionary containing all user's past interactions . slots
990: Round up to nearest multiple of given number. If n is already divisible by the rounding factor then return same value as input else increment it until
991: Check if two histograms are equal.  If they're not the same size or contain different values at corresponding positions then return false else true
992: Calculates the future value of annuities. The formula is used to calculate how much money will be left in your account after n years at interest
993: Adds two matrices element by elements.  If the dimensions of input matricies are not equal it will throw an error message and stop execution .
994: Create an adjacent list from edge data.  The input is the set of all possible pairs that form valid connections between nodes on some graph structure represented as
995: This function calculates the M�bius Function.  It is used to calculate complex numbers in polar coordinates and returns their corresponding values of one parameter
996: Create an IP reserving object in the specified Google Cloud Platform Project with two types of public IPv4 addresses - one is externally reserved and another intern
997: 返回第二个元素，如果消息与第一个相等则替换为第三一个。否则保持不变.  	Type of the
998: Calculates the maximum difference between two elevations in meters and returns it if they are different or zero otherwise .	Example usage : ascending = [
999: Checks if the given number can be expressed as positive square root of some integer value, ie., it's an exact perfect squared or
1000: Check if the IP address is within range. 	Inputs : ip check ,first &last . Returns True or False based on whether it'
1001: Checks if the string contains any repeating pairs of characters. 0 <= n <= 364879 . If it does then returns true
1002: Returns the file name from an URL string – assuming it is of type 'text/plain' or other text files . The function will return None
1003: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1004: Checks if the given string starts with "/".  Returns true or false. ... ..    .. :param str|list cmds
1005: Returns the difference of two lists.  If lengths are not equal it raises an error and returns None if one or both inputs is empty respectively .
1006: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and subtraction
1007: Returns the average length, minimum and maximum lengths of strings from given input.  The function takes as an argument any iterable object that contains string elements
1008: Loads an identifier.  If the given string is 'yes', it returns true, otherwise false if not yes or no respectively . --
1009: Calculates the volume of sample required to achieve desired concentration in solution 368479 and solves it with given volumes . The formula
1010: This function generates ranges of indices to be used in data splitting or partitioning into smaller parts based on the size and dimension provided by user input parameters .
1011: Checks if the numerator or denominators contain all digts from 0 to n. If so returns true else false .   [1 point
1012: Parses the given list of paths to find all .jarm files and returns them as an array  [Takes one argument -> List
1013: Returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of 3d points in two dimensions. This function is used to get an axis aligned rectangle that encloses all
1014: Get the directory of an input file path, return as string type . This function is used to extract and returns only folder name from given full
1015: Convert seconds to hours, minutes and second. The result is formatted as two digit string with leading zero if necessary . e..g., convert_seconds
1016: Check if an IP address falls into multcasting ranges .   # TODO : implement the function to check whether given IPv6 addresses are Multiple Cast
1017: Generates list of valid WPA passwords from the given input sorted by length descendingly – those are at least eight characters long but less
1018: Returns the maximum of zero and minimum value between one minus inputted parameter "temperature" . If it's less then return 'zero', if more
1019: A function that multiplies two vectors elementwise.  The result is another vector where each value corresponds to the product of corresponding elements from input arrays .
1020: This function calculates the weight of rakes based on their distance from Leonardo's base station in degrees, with an additional factor to account if
1021: Get the cell from given Label, split by "()" and return first part after removing parentheses  .  	Example : 'getCellFrom
1022: Pull metrics from the given email.  This function will return list of dictionaries with keys as metric names and values are corresponding to their respective data
1023: Compute the average of two lists elementwise and return as resultant list – one number per index position . For example [10 ,3
1024: Returns the string after removing first and last character. 	Input : 'abc' Output:'bca'.   Input:"abcd" output:@
1025: Check if there is at least one element of the first list that exists within another.  If so return True else False .  	Example :
1026: Split the string at its final occurrence of specified character or sequence and return both resulting strings after split operation . If there is no such an instance then
1027: This function returns the two input parameters in ascending numerical value.  If first parameter is less than second one then it will return them as tuple else
1028: Returns whether the system is capable of inferring from two sets.  If it'll be able to infer based on these data points then return true
1029: Calculates the Normalized Difference Water Index. 	Inputs : B4 and NIR band data of an image . Output is normalized difference
1030: Checks if the input number p, which must be an integer or float. Returns True when even and False otherwise .'
1031: Returns the intersection of two lists as another set .  It is used to find out items that are present both on one and other sets/lists..
1032: Generates the next different version string from an inputted one. The function takes as its argument any SHA hashed value and returns another valid,
1033: Returns whether the given object should exit.  This is used to determine when an event loop can safely stop and clean up resources associated with it, such
1034: Returns the score of an item in terms 0. The higher,the better .   [ ] Quadratic function to calculate and return scores
1035: Returns the indices of dots on one side or two sides depending upon input. If no such dot exists then returns an empty list . Input is taken as
1036: Convert the given rgb values to decimal form. This function takes three arguments representing red green and blue color components in integer format ranging from [0 -
1037: A learning rate schedule that decreases the initial LR by 7% at first and then halves it after two weeks of training time; increases again
1038: Returns the masquered value of given key in users's current session if they have been set to be visible otherwise returns null .  [..
1039: Returns whether the given position is inside of bounds in world state.  This function checks if x or y coordinates are out side their respective boundaries by comparing
1040: Convert the given indices to an index in 1D array. This function is used when we have two dimensions and want convert them into one dimension using
1041: This function calculates the total of minimum values from each sublist.  It takes as input an array/matrix and returns their sums, ie
1042: Create an ice cream object with the given 'Flavour' and number of slices.  Code to escape sequence is returned as string . e g.,
1043: This function pads the input frame with zeros to make it equal in length as specified by 'size'. 	Example usage :padding('10
1044: Convert geographic identifier to tract id. 	Inputs : Geo ID, Output - Tractor Id as string .  10 digit long unique
1045: Hide the key of an object in the dictionary if it ends with "_KEY". If its length is more than 40 characters then show only
1046: Finds the first occurrence of 'attr' within either dictionary or sublists.  If found it returns that element else return none . *
1047: Process AWS metrics data points and calculate the average of their values – Code snippet to compute an averaged value from list/array or array like
1048: Calculates the final cost after applying given percentage of discounts. The function takes two parameters ie., initial and actual prices to calculate their difference in terms
1049: Returns the directory of projects. If no specific option given, returns default path to parent folder else return that specified one .  This function will be used
1050: Check if the object passed in as an argument has its class name equal to 'Foobar'.  If it does, return True. Otherwise
1051: Split NAF header attributes into two dictionaries based on keys provided  Input -> Dictionary of naf headers Output => Dict with file description
1052: This function calculates the learning rate.  It takes three parameters - initial Learning Rate , Step and Iteration number . The formula used is : L
1053: Calculates the minimum number of operations needed to convert one string into another. Operations include insertions/deletion or substitutions on characters
1054: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence using Bottom Up Approach. It starts from index '0' and calculates each number
1055: Parses an EXIF value. If the input string represents 'NaN', it returns NaT object; if not present or invalid format then
1056: Calculates the volume of journal articles published in specific years based on their publication dates and current calendar/calendar system's timezone settings .  If
1057: This function calculates the absolute difference between two diagonals of an NxN matrix.  The first diagonal is calculated by adding up all elements
1058: Force the given file or directory to end with slash. If it already ends in /, do nothing but return as string if no argument provided else
1059: Adds one to each element of the input list. 	Input -> Output [3,4],	[6,[7,(8
1060: This function checks if the given list of blocks have duplicate entries and returns only unique ones, which are considered as one single "group" or set within
1061: Unpacks the UUID from an object. If it'll be found within dictionary or as string else return original value .  [UUID]
1062: Validates if the given transportation object ends with specified endpoint. ...   ...    .     ..      ......      `return `True'
1063: Returns the elements of 'Simple' that are NOT present within another SimpleX object – SubSIMPLE X is an extension to SIMPL
1064: Checks if the string contains at least one uppercase letter or not – returns boolean value . -- ---> Code : return bool
1065: Removes all whitespaces from the input sequence.  Code is written in Python language and uses builtin functions to manipulate sequences like lists, strings
1066: This function calculates the chance agreement between two lists of binary data points using their counts in each list as weights to calculate average similarity score among all pairs
1067: This function tokenizes the IMDB dataset into individual word tokens, lowercasing them and splitting by spaces to create list of lists where each sublist
1068: Reset regularizer hyperparameters.  This function is used to reset the lambda parameter in case it has been changed during training and testing phases of
1069: Initialize parameters with default values if they are missing from the input dictionary .  If start and end seconds have been set manually then use those instead of
1070: Calculates the JACCARD similarity between two sets.  The result is in range [0..+∞).   A score of +
1071: This function takes as input an array of arrays, and returns the sums along each row/column from that 1D list into another one dimensional structure
1072: Returns the indent level of given string, or None if it' not an empty one .  This function is used to determine how much space should
1073: This function calculates the latent heat of fusion in water at given temperature t med . The formula is derived from thermodynamics and it's used
1074: Find the first occurrence of two identical characters. If found at beginning or end then return that character else find next similar pair from left to right if exists
1075: “Returns the type of an item”.   [ ]} .get()[0] } ) return None if not found else result,
1076: Extracts the WordNet ID from line. 	Input : Line of text, Output -> wordnet id string .   e..g
1077: Flatens an array of arrays.  If the input list contains other lists or nested data structures like tuples and sets then it will flaten
1078: Returns the largest integer less than or equal to given number. If input is negative infinity, returns smallest possible value of an Int in Python; if it
1079: Code callback to handle special methods in the app object if they exist and are of type Methodtype .  If method doesnt start with " __ ",
1080: Normalizes the column of tags into strings or returns an empty list if not applicable – used to preprocess data before feeding it on machine learning models
1081: A function to return dictionary of parameters.  If the length is more than one then it returns as key value pairs else just converts into single pair
1082: Calculates the number of observations needed to reach target. If already at or above goal then returns 1 else return remaining observation count required .   [
1083: Build metrics data structure. 			.e..g.: .build("na","us") -> {"metric":"value"}...
1084: Transform parameters into URL format using the given dictionary of key/values pairs."  [...]"   Code snippet to test it out with
1085: Defines function to square the input.  Input is squared and returned as output .   Example :func() will return None, when called with
1086: This function takes as input an RNA string and returns its complementary strand, ie., the DNA equivalent of it by swapping all A
1087: Get the DropBox path from dictionary.  If not found return empty string .  	Type of data : Dictionary with keys as Account types and values
1088: This function calculates the maximum sum of donations that can be made from an array. It does so by taking into account three possible choices at each step
1089: This function takes as input an array of binary strings and returns the corresponding decimal integers after applying some transformations to each string's characters . The transformation is
1090: Returns the product of four values from diagonally adjacent cells in an array. If outofbound coordinates are given it returns zero .   [ ]
1091: Standardizes the input data. 	Inputs : Data to be standardized and its respective means & standar deviations . Returns -> The
1092: Returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are equal it returns one number or none if they're not provided at all .  [min]
1093: Format decimal coordinates. 	Inputs : ra - right ascension in degrees , Dec = declination of the celestial object . Returns formatted
1094: Loads the checkpoints from disk.  The function returns an object containing information about each model' s training progression and performance metric at that point
1095: This function returns the first 'x' numbers in each line of shape. It is used to generate shapes that are divisible by both three and four
1096: Adds two numbers. 1 input and one output - the sum of inputs . Example :add() function call with arguments will return their addition value
1097: Calculates the mean of last 7 days' case counts. The function takes an array with daily count as input and returns its calculated value rounded to
1098: Remove duplicate position or momentum values from the given array.  If both 'pos' &amp;#40;/&gt;&lt;-1
1099: This function splits an object path into its components. It uses two stacks to keep track the current string and list being built up respectively . The
1100: Wraps the input value within given range. If it'd be outside of that limit then adjust to closest boundary in specified direction .  For
1101: Computes the sum of differences between consecutive points on an interpolated curve using binomial coefficients and returns it as resultant value . The function takes
1102: Flatens the given data structure into one dimension using recursion – similar to unzipping nested lists or tuples etc.."
1103: Finds and returns longest substring without repeating characters.  If there are multiple such substrings, it will return any one of them as per requirement
1104: Removes all the whitespaces from input list of strings 'TokENS'.  Output is another string with no extra spaces between each word/character .
1105: Checks if the given 'candle' is within specified distance from any other candidate.  If it isn’t free to be placed on
1106: Reverse the bits of an integer. For example if n = 3; return value should be '0b' + reversed binary string representation
1107: This function merges overlapping time ranges into one range, sorting the input list of tuples by start times first and then end points if
1108: Sort JSON objects in Python using recursion and lambda functions – collects all items from nested lists/dict to one flattened sequence of
1109: Get the taxonomy list from given dictionary.  This function is used to fetch all available categories or tags in an object's metadata .
1110: Creates an object with the specified properties. The card field is used to store information about cards in game development . This includes their names and media they
1111: Convert list to dictionary.  Converts the given two lists into one dictonary with keys and value pairs from both of them .   The
1112: This function evaluates the polynomial defined by coefficients.  It takes three arguments - coefficient array 'coefficients' and two integers as input parameters which
1113: Computes the derivative of arithmetic tangent function at point 'x'. The result is an approximation to be used in further computations. This method
1114: Calculates the average of values with corresponding weights.  The function takes as input an iterable where each element is another pair consisting weight and value to
1115: Calculates the expected value of an input dictionary. The keys are binary strings and values represent their respective count/frequency . For example : {'1':
1116: checks if the file name starts with 'index' and returns true or false.  This function will be used to identify index files that need processing by
1117: Convert time in HHMMSS format into total number of Seconds. 	Input -> Time as three parameters ie., hour , minute
1118: Create an edge name in the format of '<Name Prefix> <Source ID > to <Destination id>  with priority'  .
1119: Calculates the average of two numbers and returns it as an integer if possible; otherwise return zero or None depending on whether input is valid .   [
1120: Calculates the checksums of an integer and its reverse using IMO standard algorithm . The function takes as input one number/string argument which can be
1121: Create and return an object with the given parameters. 	Type of output is dict . The input to create function should be string , two integers representing
1122: Remove MultiViewer from the options dictionary.  Return updated option dict .   # noqa E134, pylint off line
1123: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries, each containing language information and returns the codes from these languages sorted alphabetically .  It is
1124: Check if the page contains 'Not found' header. This function returns true when it finds an h tag with text as <HtML
1125: Selects the directory to save denois images.  If it'll be training, return '../data/. Denosify image files in train
1126: Hide sensitive data in the parameter name.  For example 'apiKey' will be shown as ******** instead of actual api key string .
1127: This function scales an input value to the range  [[-oo, +oo]]. The scaling is done by applying gamma correction on given values and
1128: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same list but with all lines starting either "SET", “DELETE” etc
1129: Returns True if the number of steps has been reached. Otherwise returns False . If both parameters are provided then it checks whether we have completed all required training
1130: Generates the specified number of consecutive elements from an iterator as "shings". A 'hing' is essentially two adjacent numbers in sequence that are
1131: Format Pydantci error message to be more user friendly and easier on the eyes – e..g, replace 'type' with specific types
1132: This function calculates the value of J in equation 3 from page number one . The parameters are all real numbers and represent different quantities related to each
1133: Convert seconds to duration in hours/minutes format. If the input is more than one day then it will return as days and remaining minutes or hour
1134: Update the GnUp gpg keys. return status message and HTTP Status Code .  	def get():return jsonify({"keys":"list
1135: Convert meters per second to miles/hour by multiplying with conversion factor of .046198...   [Source](https://en
1136: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using binary gaussian algorithm.  The input parameters are integers 'x' & y'.
1137: Map the given string to its corresponding agricultural or processing type.  For example, it maps 'agriculture' and returns an integer representing that category
1138: Check if two list data structures are the same.  If they match in type/format then return True else False .   The function takes as input
1139: Calculates the ZOO I value of each animal based on their body mass .   # TODO : add more details about what it does and how to
1140: Relabels the nodes of an edge list.  The new node indices are given by 'new' argument .   Returns relabled edgel
1141: Calculates the displacement of an object at its highest point in freefall or on ice given it's starting velocity and time to reach max height
1142: This function builds the KDE parameter matrix from list of JSONs containing good params .  It takes as input an array with multiple Json objects, each
1143: Adds two matrices element by elements.  The first matrix is updated with the sum of corresponding values from second one .   For example if we have
1144: Get the current namespace of Kubernetes. If it's running on k8, return 'default'. Otherwise returns default to indicate that we are
1145: Convert seconds to integer parts and nanosecond part of the time duration in Python .   Code is used as an example on how one can convert
1146: Creates two dictionaries that map between the elements of an input dictionary and their frequencies respectively; sorted by frequency descendingly  Code Summary : Create
1147: Convert the bounding boxes in YOLO format to COCOSataset's.  This function takes as input an array of four elements
1148: Check if the given string is formatted as an HTTP URI. This function checks whether or not there's '{' followed by any number of
1149: Returns the keys of given dict in descending order based on their values 	Input -> Dictionary, Output => Sequence/List with Keys
1150: Checks the given list of numbers to see whether they are all greater than 1% or not, returning true only when so many values pass that
1151: Returns the maximum value and its index in an array.  Code is used to find out which element has highest values among all elements of given list/
1152: Count the number of ones in x and then perform binary AND operation with 'y'. Return if there is only one setbit. If more than two
1153: Checks if the given ID has three parts separated by ":" .  Returns True or False accordingly based on whether it's valid as an identifier
1154: Counts the number of elements between 'a' and ‘b’ that are less than some value. This is used to determine how many times
1155: Generates dictionary of parameters required to connect with wallet using the given configuration details .  It takes as input an object containing information about connection and returns it
1156: Returns the index of given name if it exists. Otherwise returns –−‐ .   Code length :38 chars" --->
1157: This function takes in the name of an input file and returns two output files, one with .txt extension (.one line only), another compressed version(.
1158: Returns the first 7 characters of input string. If length is less than or equal to three, returns original text as it's too short and
1159: Converts dictionary to list based on provided keys – one line function definition and usage example .e g { "name": 'John',	"
1160: Defines the function to multiply two numbers.  Returns result of multiplication .   Example usage : print("Result is ",my_multiplying
1161: Counts the number of times an element appears consecutively. 	Input -> string, Output => integer indicating how many consecutive duplicates are found
1162: Removes all the vowels from inputted strings and returns them as one line of text with no spaces or punctuation marks left on it, just
1163: Removes all special characters, tabs and new lines from the inputted strings in one line of python script – cleans up data before feeding it to
1164: Extracts the specified type of messaging from list and returns them as one line string separated by commas .  For example : ['Hello',
1165: Get the module and name of an object from its string representation in Python's builtin types library – split by '-'. The version is also
1166: This function takes an array of numbers as input and returns the maximum number found within it, ignoring any decimals or non integer values present inside
1167: Check if the given string has any of these keywords, return true when found else false  .   Code snippet : check_for_.py
1168: Calculates the probability of an event based on given parameters. 	Parameters are z, temp and ldr . Returns result as output parameter "output
1169: This function takes an input of type 'str' to return the correct singular form if it is not already, otherwise returns its original name as string .
1170: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1171: Computes the scalar product of two vectors using numpy's builtin function .dot().  This is equivalent to summing up all pairs corresponding
1172: Convert the input to either an integer or floating point number. If it's not convertible, return as is .  Code snippet :
1173: Checks if the given prefix exists within provided list of dictionaries. This function is used to check whether or not we can use any other
1174: Get list of imbd ID'S from the inputted episodes metadata array  .   "Getting IMDb Id’ sfrom Epis
1175: Generates an ASCII art line of '*' characters. 	Inputs : Quantity -> Number representing the quantity to be printed on
1176: Returns unique identifier from the given collection of HITs  .  	Input : Collection Of Hit Object , Output - List OF Unique Identifier
1177: This function checks the difference between two received packet numbers and adjusts an internal counter of lost/missed data. If there is any discrepancy
1178: Remove the specified keys from dictionary .  Returns new dict with removed items only   KeyError if not found..    Omits all occurrences of
1179: Convert Tensors to Scalars – if the input has one element then return it else raise an error message "Only work on tensore/
1180: Returns True if the position is within an inclusive range.  Otherwise returns False .	Inputs : Two numbers representing start of Interval , end point
1181: This function sorts the characters of string 'str' and returns them as list sorted alphabetically .  For example, if you call it with "
1182: Get value from dictionary or map. If not found return default values  .   Code snippet : get the item by its index if it exists
1183: Format the input as required. If it's not possible to convert into string then return original value .   [10 points]
1184: Fixes Windows line endings in the given string 'S'.  Replaces all occurrences of L with appropriate characters to make it compatible on
1185: Computes the edit distance between two strings. The function takes as input both string s and its corresponding target/string 'target'. It returns an integer
1186: Convert BIBSTR to corresponding serializer name in the format of 'fieldname' -> '.serializername'.  If no match found return
1187: Returns an array of Unicode characters from ‘a’ to '~' in order, one character at time."}""") \n
1188: Validates the inputted 'Office Type' to be either local, federal or state.  Returns true if valid and false otherwise . Code
1189: Predict the class of an input data point based on its given 'score'. If it's above .8, return +/- one; otherwise
1190: Computes the average length of all word elements within an array.  This function takes as input one list containing strings, and returns their respective lengths divided
1191: Returns the class of log level based on its value. 0 - error, >1 warning and < =  info .   The default is 'Info
1192: Returns the number of arguments in an option. If it's not callable or if its argument type isn’t supported then returns one .
1193: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. The input is taken as 'fact' and returns its corresponding factoriaal value in string format
1194: Calculates the squares of sums from one to given number. This is used in calculating series like Fibonacci sequence, Lucas numbers etc
1195: Return the first non null/non empty string in list. If all strings are none or emptys then return 'None'  . This function
1196: Returns the app with most ratings within given category from input list of apps' details .  If no such categories exist it returns none	.   Inputs
1197: Load Landsat Cloud Cover mask. Returns true if cloudy, false otherwise .   Code is used to check the landsat band QA
1198: A simple calculates the score of an Oscar winner based on number won in past years . The function returns win rate as percentage from  9 to -
1199: Create an array of strings from the input list. This function is used to convert all elements into one single line, separated by commas and
1200: Calculates the check sum of TLE line. The function takes as input one character string and returns an integer that represents its calculated value according to some
1201: Convert an unsigned integer to hexadecimal string. The result is padded with zeros if necessary until it's eight characters long using the
1202: Set the file extension. 			.e .py -> py,   e..c++   => cpp , etc...
1203: Calculates the nominal interest rate.	Inputs : Principal amount, time in years and type of loan e..g., 'car', or
1204: Checks if the string contains only unique characters.  If not, it returns False; otherwise True .   Code length : xxx lines of codes
1205: This function returns all ids of features that have an exact match with provided string or integer as their 'attribute' field  . If no such matches
1206: Converts UV from the unit of intensity in UVC to VUV and vice versa using conversion factors provided by NASA's Jet Prop
1207: A function to map an input value from one range of values into another.  The mapping is linear and the output will be within min/ max limits
1208: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two indices. 	Inputs : idx and Value are integers representing index of an element in matrix/array
1209: This function calculates the admin costs after discounts. It takes in three parameters - initial price of an item or service and time period since purchase/service
1210: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1211: Count the number of ways to reach from staircase with 'n' stairs using upto k different numbers. For example if n=4
1212: Builds and returns the command string from an array of arguments. The first argument is used as prefix, followed by all other args in order
1213: Checks if the input date string follows ISO 8601 format ie., YYYYMMDD . Returns True or false accordingly as
1214: Removes duplicate file types from the given tokenized string of space separated filenames and returns them as one line without any spaces in between .
1215: Calculates the power that is directly or indirectly transmitted from an antenna to another.  The calculation includes EIRP and Path Loss .
1216: Copies the data store. 	Inputs : Data Store, Output - copied datatype of same as input .  10/3
1217: Get the top level domains from an array of inputted Domains – returns only one TLD if available, else return all .com/.net
1218: 检查两个字符串是否匹配。如果其中一个长度小于另一个的某个索引加上'K'-1，则
1219: Return the input string if it does not start with '-', otherwise return its value after removing leading '+'.  This function will be used to remove
1220: Calculates the decrease in value of one variable over another.  Returns as decimal fraction . e..g., if input is [10 ,3
1221: Calculates the number of times one needs to multiply by 10 in order achieve an integer result. The function takes three parameters current and goal
1222: Checks if two lists have the same elements in any order and returns True or false accordingly based on that condition .  If not all of them are
1223: Check if the input string represents valid git sha hash. Code checks whether or not an SHA has been used before in Git history by verifying its
1224: Convert binary to decimal number system using python programming language .   Code : Converts the given input into its equivalent Decimal Number System value by iter
1225: Convert string input into bool type with some exceptions handling – stripping leading and trailing whitespace from the text . If it is numeric then
1226: Prints the text in blue color.  """   .format() is used to format string with variables inside it, here ${var} will
1227: Generates the key label configuration.  This function generates tick values and text based on input parameters .   The output is in form of dictionary which can
1228: Get the transactions that have been sent to or from an account with given 'account's public key'.  The result is sorted by transaction number in
1229: Returns the filename of file containing stats about proteins in given dataset or all datasets if no argument provided  .   [10pts] ...
1230: Parses the input string into two lists of integers on each side ":" .  The first element in both output tuples is from trial
1231: Returns True if the name is 'Freez' or any other string that matches freezing. 	Inputs : str -> bool . returns
1232: This function takes as input an array of customer'session data and returns the number or customers who have made at least one purchase.  It also removes
1233: Create and return the descriptor of kit. 	Inputs : name - string;version ,string ;iteration .integer	. Returns:"Kit Name
1234: Counts the number differences between two strings. If input is not equal to each other' s lengths then it raises an error message " Input Words
1235: Flatten the list l into one dimension using recursion – a function that takes as input an arbitrarily nested lists and returns them flatted
1236: Sort the numbers in ascending order and return their product divided by two plus fourth number's value . The result is rounded down to nearest integer using
1237: Generates the digest of an object using specified schema and optional character set conversion .  If no specific charset provided then default to utf8 else convert it
1238: Sorts the list of repositories by relevancy in terms that include both number and type information about each repository, with more stars/fork
1239: Trim the time column from an input string and return it as output  . Example : "10/34" -> ".//..
1240: Convert the input to CammelCase format using underscores as separators – e..g., 'my__class' would be converted into
1241: Converts the module names to their corresponding filter parameters – e.. g., 'conv' -> ['kerne',...] . This function
1242: Returns the colors associated with each experimental group from an input list of experiments" --> Code Summary : Return Colored Experiments based on their
1243: Computes the area under an ROC/AUC Curves. The ARO is computed by summing up all of its points' areas divided
1244: Removes duplicate hits within the list of positions hit by an object, maintaining order and removing duplicates from position lists that are identical but have different ID
1245: Returns the requested growth in storage. If it's less than eight, returns an initial size of ten; otherwise doubles that amount to return new
1246: Calculates the present value of an investment. 	Inputs : Flow rate or future cash flows , number_of years and current market price/
1247: Calculates the angle of PSF at each pixel in an image using UV distance from source to detector – used as input parameter when generating point spread
1248: Calculates the heat flux between two temperatures.  The result is in W/m^3K .   Inputs are Heat Conductivity and
1249: Return the time spent in each of states. The result is returned as dictionary where keys are States and values represent their respective timespent . If
1250: Check if the file has an html extension. This function checks whether or not filename ends with .HTML, HTML etc., and returns True/
1251: Calculates the square of error between actual and predicted results. 	Inputs : Actual Result & Forecasted result . Returns SQUARE
1252: Checks if the visualization type is date.  If no dates are found, returns false; otherwise true .   Counts number of 'dates
1253: Convert the given string to display name of an object's data types, e..g., "int" -> integer , “str”
1254: Prints the given 3D array as an ASCII art representation. Each element of 'row' is printed with its left justified string length to
1255: Check if the given file name is in hexadecimal format and ends with .TAR or tarball extension – used to identify expected files
1256: Finds the largest prime factor of given number.  Code uses trial division to find factors, starting from smallest possible divisor which is always 'm
1257: This function is used to calculate the position of an element in one dimension. It takes as input two parameters - current postion and number or packages on
1258: Convert RGB to Matplotlib palette color format .mpc file reader and writer, read from / write into the mpc files of matlab
1259: A function argument that returns an integer.  The value is determined by the input data of test case execution .   # noqa E13
1260: Maps input value from one range to another.  The function takes four parameters and performs the mapping operation on them .   It returns an output which
1261: Warns only if the given condition is true.  If not, returns an empty string "" . ... ......	. ..."
1262: A function to calculate the number of ways you can reach n stairs. Optimization using dynamic programming approach with memoisation technique is used here, where
1263: A function that adds 3 to the sum of two numbers. This is an example demonstrating how Python's syntax can be used in creating functions
1264: Generates an unique identifier based on the sequence of stops along with their order within that particular trip/journey .  It is used to identify routes
1265: Calculates the number of ‘ones’ in binary representation. The hammin distance between two integers is calculated by XOR operation and then count '
1266: This function takes two parameters and returns the value of 'tau' if first parameter is greater than second one multiplied by third. Otherwise it will return
1267: Returns the length of encoded strings in bytes.  For example, if typename is 'sbp__str', it returns len('0b'). If
1268: Divide each element of the input array by given scalars in parallel to return new arrays with results .  If divisor is zero then it returns
1269: Returns the name of an AST node.  This is used to uniquely identify nodes in trees and graphs that may be manipulated or referenced by other
1270: Convert dictionary values to boolean type if they are not already; otherwise leave them as it was .  Code snippet : convert all non boole
1271: This function returns the ids of all annotation objects that are not present within given list/array 'misssing' .  It is used to
1272: Merge two strings into one. The result is separated by "---".  Code snippet to test the function with some sample inputs and outputs
1273: This function calculates the probability of labeling an instance as positive or negative based on its crowd's uncertainty level and it’ll return two probabilities
1274: Convert an object to list. 	Inputs : Element, Output -> List of True'd elements . ...	.  		10
1275: Adds zero to the age breaks if they are not already present. Returns list of ages with added zeros or original ones, depending on whether there
1276: Convert input to sequence of numbers.  If the provided value can be converted into an integer or float then it will return as list with one element else
1277: Transform the given string into an appropriate form.  This function is used to transform raw text data from one language/formatting style or source system
1278: Computes the area under curve of ROC curves given two lists representing false positive and true positives rates respectively .   [...]    Code snip
1279: Convert decimal to binary coded double. This function is used in the conversion of numbers from base ten into their equivalent form as they are stored on computers
1280: Returns True if the given 'Task' object has one of three terminal states.  Otherwise, returns False . Task state can be either TASKS
1281: This function takes an array of 3D coordinates and returns the same data but with only one dimension removed from each point along specified axes number .
1282: Create and return JSON output.  Code is the error/exception number or success status of operation; Message provides additional information about what happened in case an
1283: Inverse the colors of an image. 	Inputs : RGB or HEX Color Code, Output is new RBG/HEX value
1284: This function takes two lists as input and returns the list of results after performing division operation on corresponding elements. If any one or both inputs are empty it
1285: Returns the output shape of convolutional layers. This function takes as inputs an array with dimensions and parameters from previous convolutions or fully connected connections followed
1286: Returns the number of padding characters needed to be added or removed on both sides. This is used in conjunction with strftime() and formatting strings
1287: Calculates the ratio of two numbers. Returns None if one or more inputs are not valid .   [ ] ;]];]]])
1288: Calculates the percentage difference between two numbers .'s'. The function returns 'None', if any of them are null; otherwise it calculat[
1289: Encodes special characters in the input string to avoid conflicts with HTML entities and URL encoding, replacing them by 'AND'.  This is useful when you
1290: Builds raw SQL SELECT statement. – [Table name] and the condition specified in 'where' parameter . e..g., table="
1291: Write the given string to an output .txt or other type of files using Python's built in function 'open'.  The filename and content are
1292: Convert volume to millions. Code is used in a function that formats the input as 'volume' and returns it formatted with commas separating thousands using
1293: Calculates the Hammings Weight of an integer. The function takes as input one positive number and returns its binary representation's length or "Ham
1294: Compute the F score.  The formula used is :   [F = √((4*a)*p*(r+c))) where
1295: This function returns the file's name and its type as an output, which is determined by splitting filename on '.' character to get last part of
1296: Check if all elements of list 'B' are contained within the subset defined by another array/list.  If so return true else false . The
1297: Generates the textual representation of image's properties from its associated dictionary. The output is one line string with all information about each property separated by
1298: Calculates the scaling factor required to convert tau into an equivalent value in terms of standard deviation. This is used when converting from one unit system'
1299: Returns the cleaned version of an inputted Namespace string by removing any empty strings from it's components and joining them back together with '.' as
1300: Calculates the number of twee[s] per tweet in list_. If no twitter data is available, returns zero as an indicator that there
1301: Doubles the elements of two lists. The function takes in as input both one or more integer/float numbers and returns them twice each on separate output
1302: Check if the given relation type belongs to properties. 1/0 or True / False depending on whether it's property related .  	Example
1303: This function generates an SSH command to fetch the last 36 lines of Docker container log. The detail parameter should contain ec2 instance id and
1304: Creates an empty dictionary to hold the count of each unique object found at different locations.  It then iterates over all objects located and adds them
1305: Code is used to check if the first character of each nonempty, blank and commented out python statement on one single row starts with "import"
1306: Calculates the F score of two sets based on their labels and predictions."  [...]"   Code is used to calculate one measure that combines both
1307: Convert log base 3 logarithm to linear.   Input is in decimal form, output will be float number .    e..g., input=
1308: Get the x pixel coordinate. This function takes as input an array of coordinates and returns their corresponding horizontal pixels on screen or canvas size . It
1309: Transform the lane geometry from gFlat to G.  The transformation is based on camera height and vehicle speed in meters per second .   This
1310: Generates list of ID strings from the given set/list 'Tests' .  Each string is composed by name and quality parameters q & type parameter
1311: Scales the joint parameters by given factor and returns them as dictionary .  This function is used to adjust tab size , bolt space etc based on
1312: Merge two sorted lists of integers into one.  The function takes in the list 'upVote' and merges it with another given integer
1313: This function converts the input string to lowercase, replaces spaces with underscores and removes parentheses from names . It then returns strip
1314: Get the requested dataset from config.  If 'ALL' is specified then return all datasets else if specific one exists it returns that otherwise throws an error
1315: This function calculates the linear regression model.  It takes two parameters - 'x' and an array of coefficients in order to calculate y based on
1316: Convert string to date format.  If the input is not of length ten, return it as given and if its in correct dd/mm or
1317: Deletes all occurrences of the specified value from an array.  It uses while loop to keep deleting until it can't find any more
1318: Returns the third part of an id.  For example, if input is '10346', it will return '.com'. This function
1319: Returns the minimum of two numbers. If one number is greater than or equal to another then return that other's value else returns zero .	Input
1320: Check if there are no unfinished tasks. If yes, return the list of completed ones else returns false .  [10 points] ...
1321: A function that returns the string 'hello' repeated n times.  The input is an integer representing how many hellos to print out, and it
1322: Convert boolean to json string. 	Inputs : Boolean Value, Output - Json String of the inputted Bool . If it is True returns
1323: Check if the given path is an existing file that has either "." as its extension, ".jpg",".jpeg"," .png ", “
1324: Computes the average increase accounted per day from daily data of an investment portfolio – returns list with each element as dictionary containing "date" and
1325: Checks if the given time lies between two other times.  If one of them are inclusive it returns True else False .   It also handles cases
1326: Parses the input and output data from each row of an excel file using "|" as separator between inputs/parameters  & "/n
1327: Returns the number of an alphabetical letter. K = 3, J & I are mapped to numbers respectively as per the problem statement . If not
1328: Convert inline LaTeX to markdown format using python function  .   Code : convert the given string into its equivalent in MarkDown syntax, if
1329: Adjusts the color value based on its variability in relation to an absolute factor of 10, and clips it at maximum limit as
1330: Returns the nearest integer greater than or equal to 'value' that is less by at least one order of magnitude. If no such value exists return None
1331: Check if the absolute difference between 9 and n is less than equal to one. If so, return true; otherwise false . This function checks
1332: Return the string after removing prefix ':'. If there is no ':' in it, return original input unchanged .  [easy]   Code sn
1333: Check if the given id ends with "_ext". This function checks whether or not an extension of any kind exists in database based on its ID
1334: Calculates the area of trapes with given top and base lengths. The formula used is simple one sided triangle method to find out total surface Area
1335: Check if the given object has been loaded into memory as dictionary format or any of its values are another instance that have also failed to load correctly and returns
1336: Returns the string 'GREETINGS' with an added prefix of user’s given names. –> This function is used to
1337: Calculates the length of string s. 	Input -> String, Output => Integer representing visible characters in inputted text/string .
1338: Create and return the rich menu object. 	Parameters are required to create an instance of RichMenu class . The parameters include : "Name" ,
1339: Checks if two phases are equal. If they're not the same phase then returns False else True .   [...] END
1340: Calculates the correlation index of an array. The formula is used to calculate it based on two indices and its length . It's calculated as sum
1341: Pad the range of values in one dimension. 	Inputs are two endpoints and an integer that specifies how much to add or subtract from
1342: Returns the number of players based on input. If no player is specified, returns 0; if more than one type exists it will return 'N
1343: Returns the configuration id of nodes.  The returned value is used to identify unique configurations within an environment or cluster, and can be useful when debugging
1344: Convert list of bits to integer.	Inputs : List[int] -> Output Type = Integerexample:[1,0
1345: Compute the rate of change in bytes per second. 	Inputs : Old value and New Value , Time duration . Returns Rate at which data
1346: Returns the time difference in minutes and seconds between two times. The function takes as input parameters 'end' to measure duration from "Start" . It
1347: Calculates the flux of magnetic field from magnetization array and zero current density at given frequency .  	Inputs : Magnetism Array , F
1348: Convert the given mass in kilograms into force using Newton's law of universal gravitation .   [Hint : use conversion factor]
1349: Returns the value of 'el' if all elements are equal. If not, returns None or ‘first’ element from list that is different than
1350: This function creates an environment variable to be used in the docker run command by specifying its name and port number on which it should operate as well
1351: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two boxes. If one of them is smaller than zero then it returns zeros as IoU value because intersection
1352: Create connection string from config.  This is used to establish the database connections in other modules .   # noqa : disable E134
1353: This function converts the given string to its hexadecimal representation. It replaces certain characters with their corresponding escaped sequences and returns it as one
1354: Checks if the number n is present as an element of given array. This function returns true or false based on whether it finds and counts
1355: Convert the given Charge to SDF.  If it is negative, convert into its equivalent positive value in terms of atomic number and return as string
1356: This function adds two matrices.  It uses the builtin Python functions to add rows of one matrix with corresponding elements from another and returns new Matrix .
1357: Convert input to seconds if possible. If not convertible return none – otherwise do nothing and just output the value as it was given .   -
1358: Create an object with the thumb print and algorithm of given reference.  # noqa E903, line too long in docstring or
1359: Split the string into list of substrings based on delimiters, optionally ignoring certain characters in between them  Code is used to split
1360: Convert PUPIL json to OpenCV format. 	Convert the given JSON object from pupils' data into an equivalent in form of points and angles
1361: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  Returns result as output .   Inputs : v and W are lists or arrays with same length n
1362: This function returns the largest power of two less than or equal to input.  It is used in binary search trees and other data structures where we need
1363: Compare two values. Returns negative if first is less than second value; returns zero when both are equal and positive otherwise .'s'.   'c
1364: Map ratings to categories in the form F, E,..., A with 1 being lowest category score . e..g., if input is less than or
1365: Converts the given array of binaries to an equivalent class prediction. The input is expected as two dimensional numpy arrays, where each row represents
1366: This function splits the input string into its constituent parts and returns them as separate arguments in order of appearance – ie., first is type
1367: Convert the given string to its corresponding id in dictionary. If not found return None .   Code is used by other functions that need an ID of each
1368: This function pads the binary representation of an integer with zeros to reach specified number length. 	Inputs : Number and Bits . Output -
1369: Determines if the given list of tuples represents an ordered set where each tuple's first element is either 'CHEMICAL NAME',
1370: This function takes an image and its corresponding labels as input from the training data set . It returns two values - one is path to that specific images
1371: Get the resource string from an AWS ARN – e..g, "service":".com" or ".org"; .e...  1
1372: Remove all keys with value of `None` from the dictionary and return it if no such key exists; otherwise returns original dict .  [10
1373: Determine if two time intervals intersect.  If they do not return true; otherwise returns false and the start/stop of intersection point in case it
1374: Get the package name from template filename.  If it's one of known packages, return its shortname; otherwise unknown .  1st line
1375: Check if the parenthesis/ bracket sequence is balanced – ie., every opening brace has its closing one and vice versa . If yes
1376: Converts the given input into dictionary format where each key is an element from lis and its corresponding value will be another List of elements that come
1377: Merge two dictionaries recursively if they are both of type 'dictionary'. If not then return the second dictionary as it was given to function
1378: Find the length of common prefix among all strings. If no string is provided return an empty String . This function takes as input list/array
1379: Generates the top and bottom bound of an image based on its box.  The function takes as input two points that define one side's length
1380: Format string with strip and lower function, if possible return the formatted version of inputted strings else returns original one  .   [10pts
1381: Convert snake case to title format – e..g, convert 'this is the first sentence' into This Is The First Sentence .
1382: A function to calculate the scoring system of Care.  The input is four boolean values and returns an integer representing how much you are caring about someone'
1383: Calculates the corrected properties of an object. 	Parameters : Frequency - The initial angular velocity in MHz/yr . Redshift  −The
1384: Check if all the given dictionary's 'map'-like objects contain at least one of these specified "Keys".  If any are missing it returns
1385: This function calculates the total of all numbers from 3 to 'input' number. It is used as an example on how loops and conditionals
1386: Generates an FFProbe command to extract frames from the given directory of png files and save them as .mp4 video file with specified
1387: Returns the first 'n' bits of an integer. The result is also rounded down to nearest whole number if necessary by using bitwise AND operation with
1388: Validates the output of an algorithm or function based on certain conditions – err < .4 , cnt > 3 & sdr > = 6
1389: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it was run through camell case converter but with spaces replaced by underscores
1390: This function calculates the number of times an integer is reduced to ‘one’ by repeated multiplication and modulo operation. It uses Fermat'
1391: A function that returns 'plus' if the input number is positive, and '-', otherwise.  It also handles negative numbers correctly by returning their absolute
1392: Calculates the curve of FILMC based on input value, which is assumed to be in range [a=[−∞ ,+�
1393: Convert two numbers to one number.  The first and second elements of the tuple are converted into integers then multiplied by 'm' value followed with
1394: This function takes in the name of video files and returns their corresponding names after splitting them into two parts by underscore (_).  For example, if
1395: Returns True if both arguments are False. Otherwise returns the negation of one argument and its second arguement's value .  This is equivalent
1396: Compare two floating point numbers with some tolerance using numpy's isclose() function if they are both infinity then return true; otherwise compare the absolute
1397: This function joins the elements of an array into one string with semicolon as separator. 	Inputs : col -> list/array
1398: This function changes the unit of parameters based on whether they are 'time' or other units like neuron count etc., and returns new dictionary with changed
1399: This function returns the names of minit batches.  If it's training time, then return all three batch files; otherwise only two are
1400: This function takes in one argument, which is the string to be checked and breaks it into multiple lines if its length exceeds 48 characters or less
1401: Creates and returns dictionary mapping players to their teams.  This is used when determining the winner of games based on team performance metrics such as points,
1402: Returns the result of calling function or method with given arguments. If not applicable returns original value .  Code snippet to be used in other parts
1403: Enter the venue and exit. 	Inputs : None, Output -> String .	"Entering Concert Venue."	.  10
1404: Returns the minimum value of X coordinates.  Code is used to find out where in an array or list it's located and return its corresponding Y
1405: Checks if two versions are the same major/minor release level in three parts of their semantic verisoning system – minor releases only .
1406: Reads and parses the given input file into two parts; one part contains the first rule of each grouping set while another is an empty string
1407: Computes the inverse of an inputted Quadratic Waveform.  The result is returned as another tuple in form [a0 ,
1408: Calculates the change in employment rate and updates it based on earnings data over time .   [...]'s Code is used to calculate an estimate of
1409: Generates cache key based on the archive type and URL.  The format is r:[BrowserType]:[Archive Type]::URL . e
1410: Extract the domain name from an authority string. 	Example usage : "user_name at gmail dot com" -> userName .
1411: This function rounds the given number to its nearest integer if it is not already an exact multiple of five, otherwise returns itself as such rounding would result
1412: Convert year to 4 digits. If the input number of years since epoch has passed more than or equal five decades ago in history then add one
1413: This function returns the corresponding brackets of ages. If an input is not within any defined range, it will return 'None'. The inputs are in
1414: Delete cancelling and non active/inactive users from the list of given 'Events' . 	Inputs : List[Dict] ,
1415: Calculates area factor of an elliptical tube. The formula is derived from geometry and physics by using radiuses in polar coordinates to calculate volume ratio
1416: Check if the given string starts with "MediaWiki core" OR “vendors” in it, returns True when true otherwise False .
1417: Returns whether the given keyword is in use.  If it's not, then creates and returns an instance of FontStretcher with that
1418: A function to create dictionary from two lists. The first list is the variable names and second one are their corresponding values .  It returns an empty dict
1419: Generates the URLs of all linked pages. The function takes an array with information about different webpages and returns their links as string separated by comm
1420: Checks if the given key/val pair matches an existing header in headers.  If it does not exist then returns False else True . This function
1421: Processes the file at given 'file' and returns its content. This function is used to read files from disk, parse them into an
1422: Convert the parameters of an inverse Gaussian distribution to natural numbers using its mean and variance squarded as input parameter .  The result is inverted standard normal
1423: Removes keys from the document that are not part of specified projections dictionary .   If any values other than zero and one is present then it raises
1424: Check if the message starts with command string – returns true or false . If not found return default value of 'False' in case exception occurs it
1425: Remove trailing whitespace from the end of each line in string, then split by newline and filter out empty strings – returns list with no
1426: Calculates the maximum draw down of an array series – used to measure profitability and risk management strategies .   [Optional : Add more details if
1427: Parses the binary representation of seats to an integer value . The input is expected as string with 'row' and column'. For example : F
1428: Adds trailling slash if not present in the URL, ensuring it is valid and complete with http:// or https:/ . This function
1429: Checks if the first character of string `s` starts with '#' or not. If it does, returns true; otherwise false .
1430: Return the assumption associated with an input.  Input is assumed to be in dictionary form where detail key has value as another dict containing predicate and object keys
1431: A function to calculate the minimum distance of Knight from any cell on board by moving two steps at once along one axis or another ie., either vertical
1432: Returns the amount of questions in input string, amplifies if more than one and less or equal to three; otherwise returns zero . Code is used as
1433: Computes the modular exponentiation of two numbers. The result is returned as an integer in [m]. This function uses bitwise shift and multiplication to
1434: A function that takes two arguments and returns the encryption key. The first argument is an integer to be encrypted while second one represents size of transformation loops i
1435: This function calculates the starting point of an arithmetic sequence. It takes as input one integer and returns two values - firstly it finds out where
1436: Defines the sigmod function. This is used to calculate derivative of sigma in backpropagation algorithm, which will be needed during training process
1437: Create an object that represents the IoTa class. 	Inputs : junk -> nothing, Output is iota_object .
1438: Calculates the transformation of an object's speed from one reference to another.  The result is in units per second^3 .  	Input
1439: Converts all upper case characters to lower cases and vice versa using ASCII values of the character .  This function is used as part an
1440: Defines the function to calculate y = ax^n+b.  n is an integer and returns result of calculation as float .  	Example
1441: Checks if the input string is valid as an English username. A user can only contain letters, numbers and underscores (_). The first character
1442: Checks if the given object 'instances' starts with "i-" 	Type of Objects : Instance ID, String etc.. Returns
1443: Convert the number of days to human readable format. For example, convert '3' into "'three'" and so on.. . The function takes
1444: Generates string of numbers from m to ‘n’ separated by hyphens. For example if we call the function with arguments as '3'
1445: Check if the prices of three stocks are stable.  If they're all within 'threshold', return true; otherwise false .  	Input
1446: Flatens the given nested lists.  For example, if you have [[[0]],[[3]],[4][7896]))
1447: Defines function to check if number 'x' odd. Returns True or False based on whether the inputted integer value of "odd" . If
1448: Return True if the absolute value of 'B' is greater than or equal to ‘A’ times some constant factor plus its relative part . Otherwise
1449: Removes the initiative key from all monsters' dictionaries within given list of battles/fights – useful when exporting to JSON or other
1450: This function calculates the F score given precision and recall values with an optional weighting factor 'beta'. If either of these parameters is zero it returns
1451: Returns the ANSI color escape sequence corresponding to an inputted string. 	Inputs : Ansi Color Code as String . Output is Array
1452: Computes the Jaccard distance between two sets of items represented as lists or strings with no repetitions and returns it' … .   [
1453: This function checks if the input is in between one and five. If not, it raises an error message stating that "outside of valid values
1454: This function returns the number of red blood cells in an image using two models to predict it based on features extracted from images like skin color and texture etc
1455: Initializes the belief state of an agent on grid with given dimensions and returns it as 3D list/matrix .' ---> '
1456: Count the number of times ">>" appears in string. If it'll appear, count how many consecutive characters are followed by another > and return
1457: Convert list of dictionaries to JSON format using dict comprehension – one liner version .json() method is used instead, and the resultant
1458: Convert an unsigned integer to binary.  If the input is negative then add one shift operation on bitwise operator at position of length specified by second argument
1459: Convert string to integer if possible. If not convertible return the variable itself – Controls whether or how arguments are converted and handled in function calls
1460: Remove the last syllabic unit from an input string. If no such units exist then return original phrase as it is .  	Inputs :
1461: Trims leading and trailing whitespace from string 'str'. 	Input -> str, Output => String with the same content but without any
1462: This function takes in an input tuple and returns the elements of that tuples as strings joined by dashes.  For example, if you call
1463: This function is used to generate the policy v. 0 . It takes two parameters - probability and magnitudes of an event that will be executed if
1464: Calculates the expected value of Beta distribution. 	Parameters : alpha and beata are parameters to define shape parameter in normal distributions .n is
1465: Count the longest sequence of characters. If there are no consecutive repeating character return zero . For example :long repeat('aabbbcc') returns
1466: Calculates the thermal conductivity of water at different temperatures and frequencies using an empirical relationship between temperature & kappa . The result is in W/m
1467: Creates an empty hashTable with nbucket bucklets.  Each bucket is initially emptied .   The function returns the created hasht
1468: Check if the given key matches valid characters.  If it doesn't match these rules return false else true .   [1pt] S
1469: Extract time from seconds. If the input is less than one minute then return as string with only second countdown else format it in minutes/hours
1470: Generates the list of parameter names from an input dictionary with parameters and their values – returns them as strings ordered alphabetically .   [1
1471: Toggling between block quotes in markdown files . Code to detect if the current string is starting with ``` followed by an odd number of back
1472: This function returns the numerical equivalent of cards. J, Q and K are worth ten points while A is valued at one point only if it's
1473: Computes the probability of geometric distribution with parameters p and r where ρ = exp(-r^n), n is an integer parameter that determines whether
1474: Convolution of two lists elementwise with the same length using given transformer function on each pair and returning result as new array .  If one input data
1475: Get the path to simulacrum directory.  If both talents and cousins are provided then return their respective directories otherwise just returns base dir
1476: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1477: This function calculates the depth of an object based on its soil properties and snowfall.  If there is no Snow then it returns height plus So
1478: Convert URL to ID, used in the context of data processing and machine learning tasks such as creating unique identifiers from urls or mapping them back into
1479: This function calculates the average of grades.  It takes as input an array/ list containing student's scores and returns their respective averages .
1480: Returns the range of values that can be obtained by sliding an object along one dimension. The returned value is in terms relative to some initial position 'min
1481: 检查一个或多个布尔值的相似性。如果输入的是单个bool，则返回该参数重复指定次
1482: Convert elo rating to probability of winning or losing the game based on Bayesian odds formula .   Elo ratings are used in chess strategy games
1483: Check if the input string is clean. If it contains anything other than ACG or T, return false; otherwise true .  [10 points
1484: Determine the type of an identifier. If it is IRI, Blankspace Node etc... .   [...]    return 'Unknown'
1485: This function calculates the number of intervals in which to place one or more neutral atoms around an ionization center based on its mass and other parameters such
1486: This function takes an id and returns the corresponding English word. It is used to translate user input into their preferred language if they have not set it up
1487: Extracts the root positions from each of given list/array 'framess' .  The output is an array with two elements, first
1488: Calculates the sum of all integers from ‘i’ to 'n' using Python. The function is named "bel" and takes an integer
1489: Reads and concatenates all the content of files specified by their names into one string." -->"   }}}}}} . "Read
1490: This function takes in JSON dictionary and returns the second key value pair as an integer, along with its corresponding string representation  .   [Example : {"
1491: Calculates the average potential evapotransparent water vapor pressure from minimum and maximum temperatures of an atmosphere using mean values only .   [...]
1492: Parses the input string of protein families into their corresponding IDs from .PFAM database using ' | ', and returns them as list."
1493: Render the given config file with Julia variables replaced by their names .  For example, if you have "@sysimg" it will be subst
1494: Convert an integer to state.  The input is the number of seconds since midnight, and returns its corresponding daylight saving time zone offset in hours from
1495: Convert the given UNIX time stamp to hours. The result is rounded down, as you can't have half of an hour in your system clock
1496: Creates rock question with index.  For example, if the input is '1', it will return RockQuestion0 . If you want to get
1497: Calculates the Formula of One Reaction from two given parameters. The formula is calculated as volume in ml and then converted to g/ml
1498: Create slices of an array along the specified dimension. The size is determined by 'factor'. If it's not possible to divide evenly into parts
1499: This function returns the square value. 	Inputs : Number to be squared . Output - Square Value	. Example Input/Output pairs can vary
1500: Returns True if the IP address starts with “private” network prefixes, False otherwise .'s are private networks that do start from either of
1501: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1502: This function returns the command to get information about network interface. It takes two parameters - 'network' and an optional list of additional arguments that will
1503: Defines two functions to compare values. One returns the greater of both and one less than or equal . If not possible it will return None
1504: Get the AWS Elastic BeanStalks Platform Group Name.  This function returns an string that represents one of several possible values, which is
1505: This function takes two lists as input and returns the common elements between them along with their corresponding indices from both of these collections respectively .  It also removes
1506: Convert an array of objects into dictionary format.  Converting the given list to dict with keys as fields and values from each element in that order .
1507: Create and return dictionary with keys 'title', ‘Quantities’' ,and '%'. Value of each key is the corresponding argument passed to function
1508: Get the source names from list of objects.  .   # TODO : Add more details here...    return result if len() > 0 else None
1509: Return the standardized URL format of an input string, removing redundant parts like "www." and ".com".  If no protocol specified in original
1510: Derive the platform name from an xtract dataset URI .   # TODO : add more details about what it does and how to use..'
1511: Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using the formula c*(9/5).+460	Inputs : Temperature in
1512: Get the key from value of given dictinary and return it if exists else returns 'Key does not Exist'.  [10 points]
1513: This function returns the message from an input string that is split by ":" character and then return it as output of method .  It takes one argument
1514: Close an HTML element. 	Inputs : Tag name of the closing HTMl Element . Returns - A string representation in form </TAG
1515: Convert log values from one scale of measurement into another.	Inputs : Logarithmic value and the new unit'scale . Output - Converted
1516: Fetch issues from the given repository. ...   # TODO add more details about what is being done here ...    return response['items']
1517: This function returns the risk level of an event based on whether it's going to rise in terms relative levels compared with other events that have been passed
1518: Convert water mass in kg to liters using the conversion factor of .134 lbs per pound, and return as an integer value rounded down
1519: Get the source url of an sdists.  If no version specified, return default one . Otherwise returns specific release' versions URL if available else
1520: This function takes in an input string and returns the integer equivalent of that value, removing any parentheses from it .  It also removes 'so
1521: Returns the result of dividing two numbers and handles division by zero error if denominator is not equal to Zero .  	Example usage : print
1522: Update two strategies based on the values of another strategy – returns updated first one .'s copy with updates from second argument.'   'dict':
1523: Convert time in minutes to string format. If the input value less than one minute then return it as plain text otherwise converts into hours and minuts
1524: Constructs the format field string.  If no file name provided then returns an empty str else it builds up with filename and optional conversion specifier if
1525: Convert memory string to float in MB and return it. If the input is not valid, returns an empty str .   [ ]   38/
1526: This function rounds the given number to specified precision.  For example it can be used in data cleaning tasks where we need precise numbers like after performing calculations
1527: Returns the counts of each class as proportions within given dataset – used to calculate distance between classes or compare two datasets based on their distribution and size
1528: Convert underscores to hyphens in the given string, used as an alias of the function "neutronize" .  This is useful when
1529: Check if an item is present within the array. This function will return true only when it finds and matches one of elements from 'hay
1530: This function checks if the given word is an abbreviation of another one by comparing them in uppercase form and returns True or False accordingly based on whether
1531: Returns the intersection of two given rectangle boundaries.  If they do not intersect then returns None .   Code length :30 chars or less including
1532: This function calculates the value of an expression. The input is given as 'f' and it returns its result in one line only if possible,
1533: Check if two sequences are even permutations of each other by checking whether they have the same elements but different orders or not; also checks that all unique
1534: checks if the string has any digit in it  Code is used to check whether or not there are digits present within an inputted text/string
1535: Returns the community id from header line of fastq file or reads if it is not present, else returns original string .  [getcommunityid].
1536: Returns the number with its suffix.  For example if input is '10' and maximum length of string to be returned as "9" then
1537: Returns the result of scaling each element by 'scalar' value. 	Input is two lists and returns new list with scaled elements from both input
1538: Convert the given string to CammelCase format using underscore as separator . For example : "this__is___a____test" will be
1539: Counts the differences between two strings.  The function compares each character of both input string and increments count if characters are different from one another
1540: Computes the value of ZETA function. The formula is given by [...] . This implementation uses Euler's method to compute numerical approximation in
1541: Add default parameters to the given dictionary of 'Module' parameter values .  Default value is set as zero and one respectively but can be overridden
1542: This function calculates the rewards based on an inputted strategy. The inputs are two elements of list type and one float value representing probability that player
1543: Parses annotation strings into lists of integers .  Each string is split by ',' and each substring within the main one gets splitted using
1544: Aligns the given number of Bytes to be multiples or greater than zero.  If not already aligned then it will return an integer multiple
1545: This function reverses the order of binary digits.  Input is list/array with elements as strings representing individual binaries, output will be string
1546: This function transcribes the reverse of an input sequence. It takes as its argument one string representing dnasequence and returns another –
1547: A function that calculates the Collatz Conjecture. It takes an integer as input and returns its calculated value after following several steps of calculations
1548: This function calculates the magnitude of an input value in dBm from its integer representation, which is assumed to be between (-36dBW/
1549: A recursive function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The base case is when both are evenly divided by each other and
1550: Returns the value of dq as zero, ie., returns an empty list or dictionary .  	| Code : v1 = [ ] |
1551: Add two vectors of the same size elementwise and return result as new vector .  If input is not valid raises an error message " Vector Dimensions
1552: Check if the request's Origin matches any of given Allowed originations.  If it does match then return that value else None or allow
1553: Defines function to print image and its type. Returns constant value of '42'. This is an example implementation that can be used as the basis
1554: Compare two dictionaries and return whether they are the same.  If so returns true else false .   The function compares only shared keys from both
1555: This function calculates the given percent of an inputted value. It takes two parameters - 'value' and '%'. The result is then returned as
1556: This function multiplies two numbers.  It takes in parameters 'z' and returns the product of these values as output . This is an
1557: Returns the median watch time of an array.  If there is no data, it returns None .   The function takes as input one parameter - "
1558: Remove hyphens from the input string to generate bar codes . 	Inputs : BARCODE STRING, Output -> FORMATT
1559: Adds two lists elementwise. If one list is longer than the other it pads with zeros at end of shorter ones until they are equal length
1560: This function returns the maximum of num and rounded value from population size. If it is less than or equal to zero then default will be returned which can
1561: Normalizes the input pattern by joining all elements of it.  For example, ['abcd'],['efgh']['ijkl']. The output will
1562: Filter out the given list of strings based on certain conditions. – Code is used to check if any string in an array has more than one character
1563: Simplify the modulus product of 'value' with respect to all numbers less than or equal ‘’. Returns first number that satisfies condition
1564: This function returns the full path to data files. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Returns absolute paths of inputted filename in
1565: A function to create dictionary with given parameters.  Metric names and values are provided as input arguments .   The output is the created metric's
1566: Builds dictionary recursively. If the list is empty it returns given values as dictonary else takes first element from that and makes another call with
1567: Create new group with the given 'id' and return it. 		| Code := Creates an empty dictionary object that represents one of our
1568: Return the first two elements of list if they are numbers, else return '0' repeated.  This is used to ensure that all input lists have
1569: Create JSON object with the given parameters.  If any of them are missing or invalid then it raises an error .   The function returns created Json Object
1570: This function is used to determine the background type based on input. It takes in two or three arguments and returns either 'static' if there are exactly
1571: Computes the totients of all numbers up to n. This function uses Euler's Totien theorem, which states that every integer greater than
1572: This function subtracts two matrices.  It takes as input the values of A and then returns their difference matrix by using list comprehension to iter
1573: Returns the common elements of two lists using hash map to optimize search time." --->"IntersectionOfList is an implementation that takes as input
1574: Create an index of the given dot product and orbital parameters. The function returns four values - two from each input parameter that are used to calculate another value
1575: Opens the Things app with given UUID in web browser, if it exists on device or throws an error otherwise  .   [10 points]
1576: Convert CO₂ saved to miles driven based on the average fuel efficiency of cars in US cities, assuming that car is used every mile traveled and has
1577: Find the nearest integer to x raised upto power of one divided by 'K'. This is used in finding K's smallest perfect root which can
1578: Calculates the absolute value of differences between sums and squares. The first 'N' natural numbers are added together, then squared to get their total
1579: Return the AWS region that matches with given geographical locations. If no match found, return 'us-east-' as default value .
1580: Convert options to string. 	Inputs : list of strings, returns the joined version as one line output . Example usage -> print
1581: Returns the shell of an orbital. If no such thing exists return none .   Code snippet : #!/usr/bin python3 -*
1582: Merge two dictionaries.  x and Y are the input parameters that represent dictionary to be combined . The function returns new dict with keys from both
1583: Generates random string of length "n" with lowercase letters and upper case letter as well . ...'s the first character is from A
1584: This function takes as input the current state on an NxN chess game and returns two values representing how many pieces are currently upside down along
1585: Returns the URL of an arXive article on WikiMedia. 	Inputs : A string representing url to wikidump and another
1586: Clean email addresses from text data by removing all spaces, special characters and HTML tags – useful in many natural language processing tasks such as sentiment analysis or
1587: Create an object detected message.  The function takes the coordinates of where it was found as input and returns that information in formated json format .
1588: A function to perform arbitrarily rounded division. It rounds the input number downwards if it is less than half of its own value and up otherwise
1589: Clean the id field of an object and convert it to lowercase  Keyword arguments : comm -> dictionary containing fields with keys as string type .
1590: Normalizes an input list of numbers.  If the total is zero, returns original values as they are already normalized by definition and does not perform any
1591: Calculates the average and standard deviation of an array at given 'index' position.  Returns two values - one is avg value , other in
1592: This function checks if the required modules are installed and ready to use in RUCIO system, otherwise it will return an error message with status 1
1593: Get the metric labels of an individual redditor. 	Parameters : str -> dict with keys "subredit" and value is name .
1594: Returns the value of x if it is within 1 unit away from zero else returns an initial guess at velocity .'s'. The function calculates
1595: Convert time in the format HH::MM into an integer representing absolute minute count from midnight on that day . e..g., convert "13
1596: This function checks if all items from the first input are also present as elements of second. If any difference is found it prints out which element was missing
1597: Checks if all characters are distinct from each other within the string 'str' – returns true only when every character is different and appears exactly once
1598: Evaluates the configuration of an object.  Returns validation steps count .   [ ] ;]];]]])">}});</
1599: Convert an integer IP address to string format. If the input is greater than maximum limit, return empty String . Otherwise convert it into four parts and join
1600: Returns the comparison value of two values.  If one input parameter has no data then it returns default comparisons as all zeros except if both inputs
1601: Finds the wires that crossed in two given sets of coordinates.  Returns an empty list if no wire was found to have passed through both points .
1602: Convert the given string to an appropriate format. If it's not recognized by our system then return as is .   # TODO : Add more conditions
1603: Returns the events sorted by their arrival time in ascending order on an interface with name 'ifname'.  This is similar to how people arrive at
1604: Validates the input data. This function checks if an observed value matches with expected format and type of values in it . If no match found
1605: A simple predictive model that always returns the same prediction, regardless of input data X .  This is useful as an example or baseline to compare with
1606: Get attribute recursively from an object or dictionary using dot notation string key .get() method like python's builtin function but with added exception handling
1607: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm.  It returns g as result if and only when
1608: Defines function to check if value falls within two bounds.  If the given number lies between these values then it returns true else false .   Code
1609: Replace commas with spaces. – Code to remove all the comma characters from text and convert them into space character .   - This function will
1610: This function returns the equivalent of "levels" grades as letters based on whether they are greater than or equal –to . The result is then
1611: Returns the input if it's an integer and is divisible by two. Otherwise, returns '-1'. Code snippet to test function with
1612: Convert CIGAR operations to binary representation and vice versae .   [...]    return the bit at position pos of that number if it exists else
1613: Multiply two numbers using bitwise operations. The result is shifted to the left by one byte position and added back upwards in three steps of
1614: A simple implementation of the Cubic Easing Function. The output is calculated by taking input position and applying cubing operation on it, then adding one
1615: Checks if the string starts with "LdAp" in lower case form, indicating an LDAPI URL . 1/0 denoting
1616: Returns the field name. This function is used to get or set fields in an object, which are usually used as dictionary keys and return
1617: Convert the given list of stations into dictionary format.  The input is expected to be an array where each element represents one line from csv file and
1618: Return the value as string, but if it's 'NONE', return n / A . If its stripped version matches either of those strings
1619: Adds the specified string to end of given tablename.  If it is already ends with $ then just return as its been done otherwise append
1620: Calculates the Mean Absolute Error of two lists.  The error is calculated as absolute difference between corresponding elements divided by their maximum value among both
1621: Normalizes the genomic reference sequence name to be used in the database and file names, replacing common abbreviations with their full form or removing unnecessary characters
1622: This function takes in an id and returns the corresponding samples from that ID, using underscore as separator between parts of it .  For example if
1623: This function returns the CircleCI API's URL to fetch information about projects in GitHub .   It takes as input an organization or username
1624: Convert AWS ARN to resource type and id in the format of 'resourceType/id' . e..g., ec3, iamrole
1625: Prints out the prerequsite information. If no argument provided then it will print default message else prints custom description as per input parameter .
1626: checks if the given list of biplot coordinates is valid.  A pseudocot not exists between two points with different x values and y/z
1627: Define an interval based on the given parameters.  If 'method' is zero then it returns [w−ε , w+ ε] else
1628: Display the selection area of alerts.  If more than zero clicsks are made on an element with id 'alerter', it will
1629: Creates an appropriate response to indicate that it is not possible or impossible. ..., and the given argument in question was . The function returns
1630: Returns the command line arguments as one string.  This is useful when debugging or logging commands that are being sent to an external process, such like
1631: Convert list of tuples to dictionary.  Each tuple contains three elements - the key, value and an optional index . The function returns new dict
1632: A stub function to simulate the download process. 	Used in testing and development purposes only, not intended as part of actual production use case .
1633: This function checks if the input list contains either 'LATINX' OR ‘BLACK’ . If it does, returns true; otherwise
1634: Replace all non numeric tokens with '<>' – only if they are at the start of their sequence or after whitespace characters .
1635: Clean up the given issue descriptions by removing unnecessary information like 'Fix', Abort, abortiong etc., replacing new lines with spaces .  This
1636: This function converts the module path to its corresponding matlab plotting engine equivalent .  For example, if you have 'scipy' as
1637: Convert an element to the corresponding value in three dimensions.  If it's already of type 'List', return as given; otherwise convert into List
1638: Create Twitcher URL from Streamername 	Inputs : String -> Output is the twitter handle of that user on Twitter . e..g
1639: This function takes in an input string and returns the index of first occurrence “()” within it, if present else -90748
1640: This function calculates the percentage of pages that were visited in each section. The result is returned as an integer value between [].' . $min
1641: This function generates all possible combinations of prime numbers that multiply to the input number 'n'. It does so by finding divisibility and recursively
1642: This function takes in time difference and returns the equivalent of that duration as hours minutes seconds. It is used to convert timedelta objects into human friendly
1643: Select the first 'N' columns from list of column names. If N="ALL", return all available colums; if provided number less than
1644: Convert list of hole numbers to string representation, ignoring non numeric values and converting all letters into lowercase .  For example [10,'
1645: This function returns the output filename based on input file name by appending "/" and basenam of inpfile to 'ouput/'
1646: Parses the timeout parameter from an HTTP request.  If not provided, returns default of -1 . Otherwise converts and return it as integer
1647: A function to calculate the Fibo number at position 'N'. The first two numbers in sequence are always returned as one. For other positions,
1648: Processes the contact information from one row of data and returns it as an integer list . 	Inputs : A string that represents contacts info on
1649: Convert rotation angle from revolutions to radians or degrees based on the input parameter "ccw" . If true then it returns in counterclockwise
1650: 根据给定的类型和选项，返回一个命令行标志。如果没有提供任何参数或默认值则使用"-",
1651: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1652: Remove all whitespaces from the string and return it as one line of text without any extra spaces or newline characters at both ends . ...
1653: Get the fields to be included from HTTP Request object – used by various functions that deal with requests and responses .   - [10] if
1654: Create an opaque dictionary of default and user specified values to be used in rendering the scene with threejs or reactthreefiber library .
1655: Finds the nearest number to 'n' that is evenly divided by both numbers in range from [a..b] inclusive. If there are
1656: Calculates the total pressure of all pressurized cylinders in an array. 	Inputs : list[int] -> Output int,
1657: Get the field info of pystache shapefile type . Returns str or tuple with int and float values depending on whether it is an integer/
1658: BitWise AND operation on two lists of integers."  [...]"The function takes as input the heads and tails elements from both arrays/
1659: Convert the input string to two floats and return them as list of values in order – one after another . e g., "10 ,
1660: This function returns mocked dataset.  It is used to test the application's ability handle different types and sizes datasets .  	It also provides
1661: Returns the maximum count of extensions that can be made on an existing loan. This is calculated by adding one to any current extension counts available in case there
1662: Convert an object into its equivalent Python List.  If the input isn't already in form of python lists then it will return empty array or None
1663: Copies the list to another variable.  Returns new copied List .   Code Example :copylist([1,34]) => [0]
1664: Parses the namespace prefix and value from an FQN string if it exists; otherwise returns default values (* , *).   If no colon
1665: Convert the name of an image file to its corresponding .png or other extensions if it is not already in that format, otherwise return original filename as string
1666: Get calibration value from data.	Type of input : DataFrame, Series or Numpy array . Output type is float64	. Returns the
1667: This function takes an object and the name of its attribute as input. It returns that value from within given class or instance .  The second parameter is
1668: Preprocessing function to convert GDELT tone data into the format required by Google Knowledge Graphs.  The input is expected as [tweet
1669: Generates an absolute path to the key file in Synchronous mode on AWS sdks like boto or botocore .  This function is
1670: Checks if the given list of cards is valid according to rules defined by suit, value and number constraints – ie., no two same suits
1671: Returns the candidate with maximum score. 	Inputs : list of candidates and their scores in dictionary format where each dict contains keys 'name' ,
1672: Given an intersection point of two planes and the equations defining them.  Returns their corresponding coordinates on one line in form [a+bt].   .
1673: This function increases the value of an input by given percentages. If provided with invalid parameters it returns 'None'. The range is from lower bound to
1674: Rotates the bits of an integer to its right. The number is rotated by 'shift' places where each place represents one bit from most significant
1675: Calculates the amount of waste that can be intubated in liters using given parameters and returns it as output . The formula is derived from an
1676: Set the first language to be used as fallback when no other matches are found – if it exists and is not already set at position one .
1677: Parses the given list of hostnames into an array, separated by commas and returns it as output . This function is used to
1678: Convert all uppercase letters to lower case and vice versa within the given string, but keep other characters as they are . This function is
1679: Convert the version string to an integer, assuming that it is in dot notation and returns only major part of number .  For example : "30
1680: Counts the number of models that can be created from given parameters.  For example, if we have two keys 'a' and another with three
1681: Calculates the average stress and strain in one direction. 10% of data is used to calculate both averages as well . The function returns
1682: Converts binary string to integer. Code is already implemented as an inline function, but it's not efficient or easy readable . It takes
1683: Check whether two file names have the same extension and are equivalent by checking their lowercase versions against each other as well them being one of its possible equival
1684: Finds direct conflicts between two lists of operations based on row id & content type ID . If the operation is pulled then it will be compared with an
1685: Calculates the checksums of numbers. The weights are applied to each digit and then added together with their corresponding weight . If total is divisible by
1686: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1687: Create label column based on the median rent. If it's positive, return 'med cost'. Otherwise returns missing data string  .   [1
1688: Convert all strings within the given lists to HTML line breaks.  This function will convert newline characters (\r\t, \v and '\f
1689: Checks if the given 'line' contains both keys & values.  Returns True or False accordingly based on whether it does contain them respectively .
1690: Returns the string representation of two numbers in order.  If n is greater or equal to m then it returns 'num x num' otherwise return reverse
1691: Calculates the Euler's Totients of two numbers using their greatest common divisor as base to calculate it from scratch without relying on any library
1692: Clean the synonymous list by removing duplicates and sorting them. 	Input : List of Synonmous Words, Output = S
1693: Create an unique key from the given parameters.  The returned value is used as dictionary keys in other operations such like get or set .   If either
1694: Checks if the given value can't be used in an operation. 	Inputs : Value to check, Output -> True or false
1695: This function takes in an input string and replaces underscores with hyphens, returning the resultant cleaned version of that textual data .
1696: Scales the coordinates of an object. 	Input : Coordinates and scaling factor	s Output - scaled coordinate in same units as input . e g
1697: Returns true if the given player has any URT tokens. False otherwise, considering only players with at least one token of each type [0/4
1698: Convert wave numbers to wavelengths.  Wave number is the ratio of frequency in one period over two periods, and it'll be converted into
1699: This function takes as input an NxN matrix and returns the same output but formatted nicely with spaces instead of zeros, each cell is represented by
1700: Count the number of occurrences per character. ... ...    return total counts from all instances where x is an instance variable and
1701: Get all fields from the given list of 'error' objects.  This function will return an array with paths to each individual element within these nested structures
1702: Adds .TXT to the end of input if it does not already have one, else returns original text as is – Code snippet
1703: A function that generates an index based on the input string. It uses modulo operation to ensure it falls within table size limit and is also used as
1704: Returns the name of its argument's immediate superior or "root" level in hierarchy as string if it exists; otherwise returns an empty String .
1705: Check if the input string can be parsed as an integer. If it's valid and has 5 digits return True else false . This
1706: Convert all percent signs in the string to double percentage symbols. 	Inputs -> String, Output => Escaped/Converted Strings with
1707: Computes the function f_6 of Zariski's theorem. The input is an element in algebraic closure, and returns its value at
1708: Parses the input string to replace periods with line breaks and returns it as output – used in web development, where we want our text content
1709: This function takes as input the list of data to be sampled from. It returns an array with each element being one sample, created by randomly selecting elements
1710: Scales the input to be between zero and one using logarithmic scaling from RedShift data source .'s count of records in each table, which
1711: Merge multiple threads' output into one dictionary – each key is the name of an individual, and its value represents their combined results from all input
1712: Returns the negative rewards when cart is out of bounds. – [Your Name] on Mon Jan  3rd at . The function returns an integer
1713: Finds the URI of an issue by its ISSN using provided dictionary – returns whether it was found and if so what is that URL .
1714: This function hides certain values from the inputted 'hidden' dictionaries by replacing them with another provided string or number .  It does so based
1715: Check if the current architecture is supported.  Returns two values - first one indicates whether it's an amd or arm based on input and second value
1716: Convert string to boolean, True if the input is one of ["True","On" ,"Yes"] else False . If not convertible return None
1717: Create string representation of the given Course object.  Format is [PK] Name Semester Year . e..g., "103 CS Fall
1718: Remove HTML tags from the given string of input using regular expressions – one line solution in Python . Code to be used with caution as it can break
1719: Convert the number of remaining days to text. If it's zero, return 'Now'. Else if less than one hour then convert into word
1720: Get the base URL of an image in skinned images.  If no such configuration exists it returns empty string .   [END SUMMARY].
1721: Convert an IPV4 or IPv8 Address to its integer representation.	Inputs : String . Output -> Integer/Long if the input is
1722: Returns the interpolated value between two points.  The function takes as input an array of values representing coordinates and returns one single output which is also represented
1723: Returns the counts of true and false values in two binary strings.  The first string is treated as positive samples while second one negative ones .   It
1724: Check if the response from an API call has valid result.  If not return False else True .  	Inputs : Response object or dictionary of
1725: Parse an RGBA string into its integer representation. If the input isn't valid as per our rules then it raises exception else returns parsed value
1726: Format error string. This function takes the raw traceback as input and returns it in an easily readable form, removing any unnecessary information from
1727: Remove noise characters from the given string of text . This function will return an inputted sentence with all non alphanumeric and special character
1728: Calculates the delta of an attribute in terms per unit. This is used to determine how much each additional feature increases or decreases model performance by using different
1729: Remove all occurrences of the given value from list and return count after removal  Code snippet to test it out with some examples : Test
1730: Finds if the feature is present. This function checks whether or not an inputted string exists within any of our features list and returns true
1731: Multiply two vectors.  Inputs are matrices and return the result as another matrix .   The function takes in an array of arrays where each
1732: A function to calculate the sum of first 'num' numbers in Fibonaci sequence.  It uses memoization technique where previously calculated values
1733: A function to generate the Collatz Conjecture, which is an unsolved problem in number theory that has been described by Lothar
1734: Parses the list of backup files from an FSX file system to find all those with specific tags key/value pair .  Returns them
1735: Merge overlapping contour rectangles into one single rectangular shape if possible; otherwise return the original list of input shapes as is .  Code takes
1736: Computes fixed points of the given matrix and prints them out .  The function takes three arguments - number 'n' ,number "M" &
1737: Check if the string starts with tabs or spaces – returns True/False accordingly . If it does, return how many of them are present in first
1738: Adds two edge weights together. 	Input parameters are the accumulated weight and then each of its corresponding edges' respective weighted values to be added
1739: Write an AddIn template to the specified file path with given version of RVT in it . 			. format() method is used on journal templates
1740: Parses command line options.  Parameters are stored as dictionary object with keys corresponding to the option names and values being associated arguments if any given
1741: Returns the Chart Type. 1st argument is used to determine what type of graph or plotting style you want created with Highcharts . P
1742: This function computes the growth of an approximation to √N as N grows by powers from .03 upwards and returns these values along
1743: Verifies if the input rank feature falls within specified range. If not it raises an error otherwise returns lower limit of valid values in that case only .
1744: Computes the average of two values in one line using Python's list indexing feature, which is faster than multiple lines as well because it uses
1745: Calculates the Hammic distance between two binary strings. 	Inputs : Two Binary Strings m and an integer N . Output is number
1746: Get the IP address of an Internal Node.  If no such type exists, returns none .   Code is used to fetch and return ip from nodes
1747: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  Uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and subtraction
1748: Calculates the accuracy of results based on whether they are correct/incorrect .  The function takes as input dictionary where keys represent test names,
1749: Processes the UPS data.  If there are no elements, returns one of them or two if they're equal and only then return other
1750: Convert data to dictionary format if it's already of the correct type and convert lists into dictionaries with index as key .  If input isn’
1751: This function returns the public IP addresses of instances. It takes as input an array with information about GCloud Instance objects and outputs dictionary where keys
1752: Returns only the new email addresses from given list. 	Inputs : List of Email Addresses Output -> Newly created or modified mailing
1753: Create an indicator based on the first letter of each word, using emojis to represent different regions and their respective letters as per ASCII values
1754: This function generates the list of possible candidate ids to be used as duplicated photo ID or long identifier based on given museum object and external identifiers
1755: Get the path of an object in its own storage if it exists, otherwise return none .  If there is no such attribute then get from parent'
1756: This function calculates the interception of two lines.  It takes as input an array with coordinates and returns one point on line that lies along intersection
1757: Convert MEL value to herz frequency in human hearing range .	Inputs : Mel Value, Output = Frequency of sound at that given time
1758: This function calculates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of given 3D space. It is used to calculate volume or area under surface defined
1759: Writes the given 'str' to specified .txt or csv files using python programming language – one line function definition of write_to_.
1760: Check if input tensor has reverse process. If yes then return true else false . This function checks whether an operation like transpose in convolutional layers of
1761: Check if the given ruleset exists within another set of existing ones.  If it does exist return true else false .   Code length :10
1762: This function checks if the given digit can be placed at any of its possible positions within an n*n square. If it's unique then return
1763: Set the specified Bit in an integer. 	Inputs : Integer value and position of desired change . Returns new updated int with changed bits at given
1764: Calculates the Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes. The intersection is calculated as both overlapping area and union of areas respectively . If there
1765: Returns the index of an element in one dimensional array. The function takes three parameters which are indices and size/dimension respectively . It returns corresponding coordinate
1766: This function conversts the date to string format.  It takes two parameters x and yer . The first parameter is used as day of month
1767: Processes an input string and updates the current position in memory based on its content – either jumps or adds to/from it depending upon whether
1768: Returns the percentage of slices in one pizza.	Inputs : int, number to calculate percentages from . Output -> float , Percentage
1769: Trims the list by removing elements before and after specified index from line of text data .  It is used to remove unnecessary information that may be present
1770: Decodes the OF protocol version .".format()". Returns string representation of an OpenFlow switch command or feature request packet type identifier as per table
1771: This function calculates the value of variable t based on given variables 'v' and returns it as output . The formula is :  		t =
1772: Returns True if the node starts with 'b' or '_p', otherwise False.  This function is used to check whether an object should be treated
1773: A function to generate the command line arguments needed by PANDOC.  The input file and LUA filter are passed as parameters .  	Example
1774: Convert feature names to dictionary.  If 'ignore blank' is set true then it ignores the features with empty values . --> Code
1775: Checks if two intervals intersect.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Interval is defined by the endpoints of its range [start..end
1776: Convert string to float list – split by space and convert each part into floating point number .   - return as result in form of List[Float
1777: Convert Farenheight to Celcuis using the formula.	Inputs : temperature in farehenhite . Output is celuise degree
1778: Compare two filenames and return true if they have the same contents; otherwise false or error message from exception handling block .  If both are directories
1779: Get the number of features in geojson. 	Inputs : GeoJSON object, Output - Number . Example usage is as follows
1780: Extraction of version number from Blaze build system. This function is used to extract the major/minor versions numbers that are present within an
1781: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1782: This function fixes the value of 'a' to be between -9 and +7, inclusive on both ends if it is not already within that range
1783: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1784: Helper function to recursively remove sensitive data from dictionary and lists of mixed types .  It uses the principle that if an object contains 'password'
1785: parse the input file into pairs of two elements. This function is used to convert raw data from different formats and return it as structured format that
1786: Computes recall of the model.  It is defined as TP/(TP+FN). The higher it's close to one ,the better
1787: Simulate constant distribution. 	Inputs : Distribution parameters . Returns the simulated value from that specific type of distrution	. Example usage -
1788: Convert watthours to hp, given the number of watt hours in input .  1 WT = 0 ,3 HORSEP
1789: Returns the longest string from an array of strings.  If there are multiple such longest, returns one at random .   if no argument is passed
1790: Computes the square of sums. The formula is used to compute two squares and then subtracts one from another, resulting in only positive values that
1791: Get value from nested dictionary.  If the path doesnt exist return none and if it exists then returns that particular element of given keys .   e
1792: Returns the sum of all numbers from one to 'number' that are divisible by three or five.	Example usage : print("Sum is ",
1793: Convert CTMs to m/s^3 .	Input : Concentration of water in the cell body, unit is mg / L , Output
1794: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
1795: This function takes in parameters of the format required by an astrophysical simulation and returns them as separate variables to be used within other functions or methods that
1796: Filter out irrelevants based on the dimensions specified.  If no dimension was provided then return all results .   [1pt] Solution
1797: Check if the given `field` has been set to null in its current state and return true/false accordingly 	Type of Value : Boolean .
1798: checks if there is at least one run of the given 'Task' within list.  If yes then returns True else False .  	Type :
1799: This function takes two arguments - the input text and number of spaces to be used as an indicator or level in nested blocks/indentation; it returns
1800: This function reverses the string and then flips all “ones” to zeros, followed by appending one more zero at end of it
1801: This function takes an STS URL and returns the corresponding AWS Buckect name & Key .""", "parse sonya'S
1802: Calculates the average of numbers in list xs . If no elements are present, it returns zero by default..  	Example usage : print("
1803: Extracting the title of track from Spotify' API response  . ---> Code : "def" + function name, which is used
1804: Convert the given dictionary of HTTP request header names and values into an object that can be easily converted to string.  The output will have keys as strings
1805: Calculates the account balance after withdrawal. 	Inputs : starting_balance , yearly interest rate and time period . Returns an amount of
1806: Calculates the Body Mass Index of an individual. BMI is calculated as Weight/(Height*height). The function takes two parameters - 'Weight'
1807: Get the UFA repository path from given directory's .ufar files – if exists in that dir and its content matches with ufa repo
1808: Collect images and their corresponding labels from the batch of data returned by DataLoader' s iterator method . The function also prints progress every n samples processed
1809: Returns the lowercase version of input text if it's not null, else returns an empty string .  This function will be used to convert all
1810: Convert an ID to the corresponding box coordinates. The input is assumed as integer and should be within range of [0, n*n*(d**
1811: Computes the integer square root of x, ie., largest possible value less than or equal to sqrtsquareroot . 0 <= |
1812: Calculates the number of reactant products based on chapters. If given an invalid input it returns error message "Invalid Input". The function calcula...
1813: Creates and returns dictionary mapping nodes to new names.  The name is created by appending the substring 'x' followed immediately after each number
1814: Returns the category of an Order object based on its type and substring after split().  If it's one outliers, returns 'dis
1815: Convert bytes to human readable format. For example convert from byte into kb or mB etc... . The function takes in the number of By
1816: Count the number of spaces at start/end in string. If there are no leading or trailing whitespaces, return zero . Otherwise count how many
1817: This function calculates the output shape of convolution operation. It takes in input parameters like kernel size and padding along with strides to calculate an appropriate filter
1818: Remove the workflow's prefix from its filename, if it has one and is not just an extension (.py).  If there are multiple dots in
1819: This function takes an integer as input and returns the binary representation of that number in groups. The result is returned with each group being represented by four
1820: Check if the given point is within board dimensions. 1 <= X , Y <=  N . Return True or False based on whether it's in
1821: Code to calculate the difference between successive observations of an event history data set, used as input by Turner'Bell method . The output is
1822: This Python method generates labels based on given contexts types, e..g., "doc", or any other custom defined ones in your application's domain
1823: Returns the smoothing standard deviation of an input variable if it's either uniform or normal distribution with some specific conditions; otherwise returns zero by default .
1824: Compare two files based on their first event time. If the same return zero; if one is later than another then returns positive number else negative value .
1825: Check if the given matrix has equal rows. If not, return False else True .'s"   }]},{ "code": ["def
1826: Calculates the return on investment. The formula is "Selling Price/Buying Prices" minus one to get percentage increase or decrease in value
1827: Returns the larger of two numbers. If both are negative or positive respectively; returns absolute value if one is greater than other else return smaller number's
1828: Checks if two values are equal. If not it returns false and prints the value that is different from what was supposed to be .  It also
1829: This function takes in the string representation of an event's "Season/Period" and returns it as two separate integers representing its respective seasons &
1830: Remove attribute from node. This function removes the specified attributes of an HTML element or its children nodes if they are not present in DOM tree structure
1831: Builds position map.  This function takes two arguments - the starting symbol mapping and an array of placement objects which contain information about where to place each
1832: Serializes the tasks and groups from given data into JSON format using Task & Group classes as blueprints to create objects of these structures with their respective
1833: Convert the given date to financial format.  If it's in June or later of any quarter then add one more Year else if its January and
1834: Adds the second character of string 'val2' to integer value in Python. 	Example usage : pf1b('a',3
1835: This function calculates the slope of line passing through two points.  It is used to calculate an interpolated value between three given values at one point
1836: Adds the attribute isBikeRelated to shapes that are related with bicycles. 1/3 of all cycling roads should be marked as
1837: Returns the largest integer less than or equal to given number.  If input isn't an Integer/Float then it returns same value as Input .
1838: Returns the first non null value in two arguments. If both are equal then returns one of them or none otherwise – equivalent to Python's built
1839: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in rectangle. If one of them is outside then it returns maximum possible value else actual calculated eucl
1840: Returns the minimum and maximum instances in an Auto Scalin Group.  The function is used to get these values from JSON response of AWS API call .
1841: This function is used to format the output of an analysis or calculation in scientific notation with leading zeros up until three decimal places when possible and returns it
1842: Compute the real and imaginary parts of complex numbers in terms on two separate lines, respectively . The function returns three values representing these quantities as per their
1843: This function takes 6 parameters and returns the result of an equation. The order in which they are multiplied is such that it will always return positive
1844: Create an entity base URL.  If the last character of input is /, return it as entered otherwise append one at end to form complete path .
1845: Create an object of type 'Problem' from the given JSON schema file or URL, if possible; otherwise return None . 	Parameters : json
1846: Convert an integer color value to its equivalent in the form of 3 bytes. The colors are represented as integers ranging from [0..4] where
1847: Returns the default Junos VRF name. If input is 'Master', returns as it's, otherwise uses provided value in case of other names
1848: Compute the boundary of items and users based on number workers.	Return two lists with boundaries as percentages . This function is used to divide
1849: Quotes the input string if it contains one of several reserved characters. Otherwise, returns unquotesd version as is .  [code:]def
1850: Check if the given 'rect' is inside or on top of an object at specified location.  Returns True when it’s within else False .
1851: Generates SQL VARCHAR declaration. If the provided argument represents integer then it generates varchar of that length otherwise just returns string as itself .  It also checks
1852: Convert RGB color to linear space.	Type of conversion is not specified in the problem statement but it's done here as per standard practice and consistency
1853: Normalizes dihedrals to be between [-π, +π] or [−pi ,+ pi]. If the input is outside of these
1854: Reads the T stat and Measurement id from an MSR file' lines – returns two boolean values indicating whether each field was found or
1855: Check if every time series is bad.  If not return False else True .   ## Bad Time Series are those which have at least one missing
1856: Returns True if the number 'n' passed as an argument to function odd, otherwise False. This version of it checks whether or not given integer value
1857: Flatens an iterable object into one dimension using recursion." ---> "Flattener function that flats the input list or string
1858: Convert Python Boolean to XML format. 	Inputs : bool, Output -> str . Converts python' s true/ false values into
1859: Checks if the given path points to an HTML cache (.htm, .php). Returns True when it does and False otherwise..   [END
1860: Remove null characters from the given input strings, if any exist in it .  If not present then return original text as is..   Example : "
1861: Combines the given strings into 3 conditions. If first string ends with double newline characters then it removes those from both of them else just append
1862: Get the text from lang string.  If not found, return default language if available else raise an exception .   # TODO : Add more details about
1863: This function fills the answer list with recommended farmlands' ids and descriptions .  It is used to generate recommendations based on user preferences or other
1864: Checks if there's at least one negative number within the input.  If it finds such an element then returns True else False .   It
1865: Convert string to numerics if possible. If not convertible return the input as it was – otherwise raise an error with message "Cannot parse '
1866: Convert time in Seconds to Hours Minuts and Seccond.  1 second = ~= .34 hour , ~= 78 minute
1867: Set the global variable "__font_sizes" to be equal with given argument. This function is used in setting up fonts and sizes
1868: Removes the first and last character of inputted strings. 	Inputs : A String, Output - The same as Input but without quotes at
1869: Clips the input to be within range [a..b].  If outside of that interval it returns either end.  	Inputs are cl
1870: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in 3D space.	Inputs : Two tuples of length three representing coordinates on
1871: A function that pads the end of string with spaces.  It takes two arguments; one is original text and another argument which defines how many characters should
1872: Computes the complement of n. If bitwise AND operation on '0x86' with input number gives zero, then it returns one else
1873: This function checks if an 'action' can be performed on the given game state.  It returns True or False based upon whether it could perform that
1874: This function filters out the dictionary entries that end with given tag from input dict and returns new one .  It is used to get only those keys which
1875: Generates FontAweSome icon. If no specific font awesome style or color specified then it will default to the current theme settings of Bootstrap
1876: Returns the number of shifts needed to move all elements in stack.  If middle is empty, it returns total shift count else if there are still items
1877: Returns the full path of an element in JSON format. If no parent directory exists then it returns only file name else return its complete location with filename and
1878: Returns the result of dividing 36 by input. This function is used to calculate constants in an equation based on Traditional Divide and Con
1879: Convert an integer to binary representation.  If the input is not valid or if it's out range then raise error and return None else returns string
1880: Checks if two names start with the same prefixes in alphabetical order – returns True/False accordingly . If one of them is empty
1881: Map x from range [a..c] to the interval[0. 1]. The mapping is linear and symmetric about zero offsets in both
1882: Returns the complement of an input sequence in DNA, ie., it reverses and changes all A to T , C into G & vice versa
1883: This function returns the name of cache table based on user id. 	Inputs : User ID num . Returns - Cache Table Name as string	.
1884: Convert given power in dBi to watts using the formula of converting from decibel measure unit into wunit .  	Inputs : p
1885: Convert right ascension to Hour, Minute and Seconds format in degrees .   Input is the Right Ascention of an object on Earth
1886: Calculates the load of an experiment by considering its number and how much it is being enhanced or diminished in terms per centages over time .
1887: Get the dimension of an array or matrix. If it's one dimensional then return its length otherwise if three dimensions returns total elements else zero .
1888: Convert minutes to hours and return as dictionary. The function takes an integer input in minute format then converts it into hourly basis . e..g
1889: Flatens the dictionary recursively by adding prefixes to keys and handling nested lists of values as well."  [10 points].   Code should
1890: Returns the name of class given its ID. 	Inputs : ClassID , Classes Dictionary . Output -> returns Name Of The Given Identity
1891: Convert the field to hours. If it can be converted, return in terms of hour; otherwise returns zero .   [1pt] ...[
1892: Return the minimum and maximum of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers/floats . Returns -> Tuple with smallest number first followed
1893: Convert the given value into an unsigned integer. If it is negative, flip its bits and add one at end of resultant number . For example :
1894: Returns True if the number passed as an argument to function odd, False otherwise. This checks whether or not given integer has any remainder when divided by two
1895: Adds the payload to an organization' default event data structure .  This function is used when adding new members into organizations and returns them with their added
1896: Generates the initial area data body.  It generates an empty string with each line representing one of more than two areas, and returns it as text
1897: Check if the string starts with "Location:" and/or “site number” in python .  	Input : A String, Output ->
1898: Calculates the check digit of an ISBN number. The function takes as input one string representing either digits or characters that represent valid numbers from zero to
1899: Reads and returns the content of file in list format – one line per element .   [10pt] ...[346
1900: This function takes in four coordinates and returns the same set of 8 new ones, but arranged into an "L" shape by rotating them around their
1901: Convert 0 to n bytes of data into an integer. The first byte is the least significant one and so on in order from leftmost bit position
1902: Map keys to formats.  If the input string starts with 'ice', it returns an integer, else if starting from tm mid ut c then
1903: Convert ASCII index to alphabetical character. If the input is between A and Z, it converts into uppercase letter; if within B
1904: Generates an ever green naming convention based on the given parameters . e..g., 'myorg/myproj' or even just '.net
1905: This function takes an array of User objects and returns the display name list from them, or empty string if no such attribute exists on any object/element
1906: This function calculates the mean temperature based on distance and standard deviation of distances from an object to its environment using formulae derived by Hernandez
1907: Checks if the given number or string num represents palidromic. 0, o and O are considered as valid inputs to check whether they
1908: This function takes in 6 parameters and returns the values as floats. It is used to set delay times based on user input or other factors that
1909: This function calculates the value of one coupon bond. It takes three parameters - principal amount 'p', interest rate in decimal form ('y'), and
1910: Calculates the first and second moments of an array.  The function calcula...   [3 lines] .'s" } , { "
1911: Convert byte array to integer. If the first two bits are zero then return as is else convert it into negative number . e..g., [3
1912: This function counts the number of samples from different labels present within given list/array 'trainigSampless'.  It returns dictionary with keys as
1913: This function creates list of lists from the inputted nested/multidimensional array by taking each subarray and creating its own copy, then append
1914: Validates if the given string represents an X.409 certificate in PEM format or NOT .  If it does, returns true; otherwise
1915: This function calculates the derivative of an interpolated value at point 'x' with respect to variable values given in list "values". The formula used
1916: Returns the spectral energy distribution of an object.  The function calculates and returns various properties such as NuObserved ,NuclearFlux
1917: Returns the value of a given string. If it is not found, returns default yes or no depending on whether input was null/undefined .  if
1918: This function loads the result of text block identification into json format – it takes two parameters - an array with keyword and their corresponding start/stop indices
1919: Get the comments from all issues that are currently open.  " . format() + str())"	. return None if no issue is found."	}
1920: Check if the search string starts with '/' or is an whitespace only space, return True/False accordingly – returns False when both conditions are
1921: Convert CSV string to list of strings, split by commas . 	Inputs : str -> List[str] Output = [ ]
1922: This function returns the number of remaining days in one day. It takes as input an integer representing total secondes and outputs another value that represents how many
1923: Implement Newton's method to compute the square root of an input number 'X'. The algorithm converges when it gets within one decimal place accuracy level
1924: Calculates the number of frames in which an NSpace source is valid. If it's less than zero or equal to window size then returns negative
1925: Create and return an instance of the BaseModel class. 	Parameters are model's unique identifier as 'id', its parent directory or file system
1926: A function to check if the input is Prime Number"  	     .    "A simple and efficient algorithm that checks whether an integer greater than one
1927: This function calculates the value of M^(-0.67). It takes three parameters and returns its result based on these values . The formula
1928: Returns the smaller of two numbers. If both are equal return one number or zero if none is given . The function takes in an integer and returns its
1929: Remove equivalent and duplicate entries from the list of given 's' .  It is used to remove any duplicates or similar elements that are not unique
1930: Counts the number of proteins found within given list.  This function is used to determine how many unique proteines are present on an organism'
1931: This function mirrors the board. It takes as input an integer and returns another one with its bits flipped around to create some sort of "mir
1932: Dead Code Remark.  Provides remarks about the current state of setting up or removing any kind's 'Dead Cod'.   .
1933: Create sleep detail object with the given parameters.  The details are stored in an instance variable named 'details'.   .    Sleep Summary : Wakes
1934: Parses an EBI search result into the desired format using specified field names .  If no such value exists it returns empty string else return first
1935: Remove the comment from given string if it exists in python language, else return original input as is 			.e .g., "if x >
1936: Set the specified position in value to ‘on’. This operation is equivalent of setting that particular binary digit on or off . For example if we
1937: Convert x to boolean. If it's zero, return false; otherwise true or the opposite of what you get from trying `not` on that
1938: Generates hostnames from an IP address. The generated names are in the format of "IPv4" or IPvX". If it's
1939: Normalizes the input x to be between  [ ] .[]. Returns normalized value. If not within range of values return NaN if outrange
1940: Calculates the amount of money in account after one day. The formula is based on daily deposit and withdrawal amounts only . Returns total balance
1941: This function converts 1D index to the corresponding position in two dimensional array. It is used when we have one dimension of size 'n'
1942: Adds two numbers. 	Input : Two integers or floats . Output - Sum of the input values	. Example usage:-addition = sum
1943: A function to calculate the cubic of an input number. 	Inputs : Number, Output -> Cubic value . e..g.,
1944: Refines the bounding box to be at least as large by upto +/- half of its original size. If it is already sufficiently small then
1945: Convert an array or dictionary to keyword lists if possible; otherwise return none  [END] .py file name : convertKeywordToList   -
1946: Convert an integer value to color in the given RGB range.  The colors are defined by two tuples representing R G B values of one part
1947: Calculates the total integer time in seconds.  The function takes four arguments : number of groups , frame rate and skip frames . It calcula l
1948: Check if the given Layer object belongs to bottom level of hierarchy or not --> This function checks whether an inputted 'object' parameter
1949: Returns the difference between two lists.  It returns elements that are present only one time from both inputted arrays/lists and excludes common ones as
1950: Convert coordinates to SDSS navigation URLs . 	Parameters : ra , decimal degrees of the right ascension; and Decimal Degrees Of The
1951: Reads the contents of file into memory and returns it to caller function in one line  Code snippet that reads content from filename passed by
1952: Calculates the speed of an object moving in two dimensions using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result  .  	Inputs :
1953: This function implements exponential weighted filter. It takes three parameters - the learning rate or decay factor 'Alpha', and two inputs which are current input data
1954: Convert input to one line Fortan quote format.  If the first or last character is an opening/closing quotation mark, remove them from
1955: Create group name from permissions list using regex and lambda functions to clean the names of groups in case they contain invalid characters or are too long  .
1956: A function that returns the intersection of two lists/arrays – ie., elements present both on one list and not common to other .
1957: This function returns the list of all project's main and test file names in order as they appear on disk, with placeholders replaced by actual values
1958: Clips the value to be within specified range. 	Inputs : val -> Value that needs clipping . minimun and maximu are
1959: Convert input to bool if possible, otherwise return as is and raise an error when neither of the above conditions are met – used by __repr
1960: This function replaces special characters in the input string with their corresponding XML escaped versions to prevent them from being interpreted as HTML tags or other malicious content
1961: Checks if two rows are not synonymous.  If the IF IDs match, it returns false; otherwise true . ```python"
1962: Check if two rectangular areas intersect.  If they do not overlap at all then return False otherwise True . This function takes in the coordinates of
1963: Generates the first "n" components of an array. ... ..	. . .. ... .........   ### ....."
1964: Convert the number of bit to Megabits.	Inputs : integer, Output -> float . Converts binary digitis into meg
1965: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  The input is assumed to be numpy arrays and returns an integer value representing their pointwise multiplication results
1966: Divides each component of the vector v by scalar factor.  Returns new Vector resultant from division operation .   ## Code Example :## Input
1967: Update the position of two rectangles.  The new positions are determined by their current and given parameters .   Returns updated rectangle's coordinates as tuple
1968: Convert the given Binary number to an integer.	Inputs : A string of digits '0' and/or "1". Output -
1969: Parses the input string to float if possible and returns it as integer otherwise return original value . This function will replace all commas with
1970: Calculates the mean squared error between two lists of numbers. 	Inputs : actual and predictive values . Returns value representing average square difference
1971: Clean the input string by replacing 'subset' with its equivalent word and capitalizing first letter of each part except initials or acronym names,
1972: Adds 3 to the list. Returns new value of added element in same position as inputted one, but does not modify original array/list
1973: Get the first matching interface from list of interfaces.  If no match found return none .   Code snippet : `def`get```python
1974: Validates if the input string matches one of three possible formats. 3 digits long and either starts with 'A' or begins by two numbers
1975: Returns the difference between two lists. 	Inputs : Two pandas dataframe columns, returns one line output of differences found .   Output type
1976: Removes duplicates from the inputted array.  It does so by converting to set, then back into an array using .array()
1977: This function returns the most commonly used programming languages among multiple developers by comparing their sets of unique language codes and returning them as an array, ordered alphabet
1978: Get the base target link of an instance in Google Cloud Platform based on provided configuration parameters .  The returned string is used to create other links that point
1979: Returns the string with its last 'n' characters removed if they are equal to given "string" parameter .  If not , returns original input as
1980: Convert 3D Grid to Surface coordinates. This function takes four parameters - x and Y are the cell indices in XY plane; Width
1981: Calculates the ECCENTRICITY of an object given its distance from Earth's orbit. 0 is considered as equator, positive
1982: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two vectors.  The input should be of equal length to calculate an accurate result but can also handle unequal
1983: Check if the given number is within an integer range. This function takes two parameters - 'a' points to check ('ipoint') &
1984: Translate the bits of an integer.  The function takes three arguments; shift amount and maximum value to be translated into bitwise operations on 'N
1985: Map to parent station. If the given id is not found or it's no longer associated with any stations then return its original ID else move on
1986: This function checks if the given card deck has any duplicate ranks. If it does, then returns False; otherwise True  . It is used to check
1987: Generates provenances records. 1st level - correlation analysis .  3rd Levels are global scope with specific dataset reference datasets in the project
1988: Check if the file starts with 'DICM' or not  Code length :  3 lines . \n    Inputs -> A
1989: Filter data points within specified range.  Returns filtered lists of corresponding coordinates from input arrays 'X' &amp; '#Y'.   Raises domain
1990: Removes hyphen from isbns 10 digits long string with no separators . e g "978346"
1991: Write dictionary to file line by dict key and value pairs separated with colon .  The keys are written on one single row followed immediately after the values of
1992: This function implements the controller to control an open loop system. It takes as input current time and state of robots in terms – x position ,
1993: Transposes the given 9x9 Matrix. The result is another square matix where each element at position [i][j] becomes value
1994: Wraps angle in [−π, +π] range. This function is used to ensure that angles are within [-pi , pi]. It
1995: Create provenances of the matching process.  The function takes as input an array containing paths/names or urls pointing towards files that are used by
1996: Sorting dictionary values of type circle by their radius and storing them back into another dict with keys as original key names . This function is used
1997: This function takes two lists of dependency names and returns the first set in which are only packages or projects that exist as dependencies on other modules/packages but
1998: Clean the mobile number from special characters and spaces in string format, return cleaned version of it as output . If not possible to convert into integer
1999: Check if the current environment supports HTTP requests.  If not, it will return false and indicate that HTML needs to be generated by default; otherwise true
2000: checks if the given number is divisible by another.  Returns True or False accordingly .   Code length :13 chars -> "check
2001: Returns whether the current session is active or not based on provided parameters in 'Options'.  If no parameter given, it will return false as default state
2002: Calculates the absolute error between predicted and actual edge counts of states over time .  The function takes two dictionaries as input where keys are tup
2003: Returns the appropriate string based on whether it's C or not, and if so returns 'cc', otherwise just return whatever is passed through as input
2004: Extracting the filename from .tabl files and replacing extension with another one 	Example usage : "myTableFile",".txt","newExtension
2005: A function to return the defaults dictionary with values filled from an inputted object if it is empty or updates existing ones based on another provided configuration .json
2006: Check if the input string contains only one stanze of text separated by two newline characters (\r, \t).  If so return true
2007: Find the root of an element with given 'Key' from Tree structure . If not found return null or none otherwise returns one node as per requirement	.
2008: Find the markup language of an input string, based on its syntax rules – it should return either ".md". If not recognized then returns None
2009: Convert dictionary to Nested Dictionary format with keys as 'NASDAQ' and values of type string . This function is used when we
2010: Calculates the Hammings distance between two strings.  The function compares each character of both input string and increments count if characters are not
2011: Convert string to integer. If conversion fails, return the original input as it was not converted into an Integer type data structure  .   if no exception
2012: Computes the average artist's albums rated. If no songs were played on any of their tracks then it returns zero as an indicator that there
2013: This function returns the peak value of an inputted time. The return values are as follows - if it's between '8am'->mid
2014: Convert the first character of each word in an element's name into upper case. ... ..	. . .. ...   .........
2015: Set the user list in database. 	Inputs : db -> Database object , Users to be added/updated . Returns updated DB with new
2016: Create an AWS SDK client with the specified configuration. – [AWS] -> aws_sdk/client . create() method to
2017: Returns the path to common coding variants file in google cloud storage bucket  .	Type of value returned : str   Paths are relative paths from root
2018: This function returns the complete url to download cep data.   .    Code : https://github...     Source of Data - UF and
2019: Calculates the Tanimotos Similarity between two dictionaries of strings and their corresponding counters .   [1 pts].    Code should be
2020: Parses the range from string format to list of two elements, raises an error if not validated correctly .  For example "10"
2021: Generates coefficient lists from the input polynomial object 'poly'.  The coefficients are stored as scalers and arranged according to their degree with respecting variables
2022: Check if the given string represents one of four profile flags. This function returns true when it finds any match, otherwise false will be returned indicating
2023: This function returns the complement of an input sequence. It creates and compiles all possible pairs from each nucleotide to its corresponding pair, then it
2024: Return True if the HTTP status codes are reuslty retriables. 1xx informational responses indicate that their request was successful but there
2025: Checks if the given object is an executable type. ...	def getattr_(self, name[,...]), return self.__get
2026: Convert URL to Quality Value .  Q values are used in the context of quality metrics and they represent how much confidence we have that an item has something
2027: Returns the square root of input 'number'. If negative, returns an error message stating that it's not possible to calculate roots on nonnegative numbers
2028: Convert numbers  from one to eleven into their corresponding English names. For example, the input of 'num' is converted as follows : num = `
2029: This function takes two lists as input and returns the corresponding elements from one dictionary to another list using map().  It uses Python's builtin dict
2030: Returns the number of spaces to be added at both ends.  The result is used in conjunction with other functions that add padding or alignment requirements, such
2031: Read the metadata of an image from DM – a format used by many microscopes. The function reads out various information about images taken at different
2032: Parses the given list of policies into three lists - one with operation names and another ones containing probabilities associated to each name from different levels .
2033: Create and return the legend of major grids in matplotlib 3D plotting library .   Code :def gri dlendsid
2034: Calculates the temperature from hex string. The input is expected to be in format 'FF' which represents two bytes of data, each representing one byte
2035: Check whether the given knowledge graph contains edges with weights.  If so, return true; otherwise false .  	Type of input : dict , Type
2036: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2037: This function takes in list of names and returns them as comma separated string 	Formatting template name strings from the given input .txt file to be
2038: Calculates the range of droned flight in meters based on given parameters such as airborne velocity and time duration to fly over it . The result is
2039: Clears the "()" from string inputs and returns only text after it, if any exist in input strings or not present at all then return original value
2040: This function calculates the heterogenous value between two scores and plots it against number iteration in an array . The higher hetegeneious means
2041: Create reaction rates dictionary from two lists of reactions and their corresponding reactant/product amounts.  The input is the list with equations representing each reactive
2042: This function takes an absolute path and returns the equivalent dot notation. For example 'C:/Program Files/Some Folder' would be converted to '/
2043: Checks if the given object refers to an interactive terminal or pseudo console, ie., whether it's connected via TTY/serial port etc
2044: Returns the values of MAS and RADIUS 1984 parameters from given column names in dataframe df . The order is based
2045: This function takes in the arguments of your program and returns normalized language codes. If no specific languages are provided it defaults to using all available ones from input
2046: Create and return the dictionary of users' profiles.  The function takes two parameters - 'user1', which is an instance/object representing one person
2047: Returns the maximum sequence length among three sequences. 3 input parameters are used to determine which one is longest." --->"Maximum Sequence
2048: This function compares two input string and returns the result as well count number. If they are not equal it raises an error otherwise return modified version with
2049: Update the Odds ratio with evidence from two different categories in one line of Python function to calculate and return updated odd' s ratios based on given
2050: Redaction of URLs with username and password in the middle – only showing protocol & hostname . Example : https//user1:@example	.
2051: Create an RGB color object. red=0 to represent black;  1 represents white and so on... .' % {color} =
2052: Generates optical flow between consecutive images using the given sliding or rolling windows of size specified by 'window'. If there is no next image to compare with
2053: Returns the start of cycle in given month. If it's not leap, returns previous nonleap years end date else return current dates . For
2054: This function calculates the DM step size based on given parameters .  The formula is derived from Duffing's equation and it takes into account
2055: Check if the number of threads to use in parallel computation can actually run on your machine; return "-1", meaning that you cannot determine how many actual
2056: Create an AWS Credentials Pool URL using the provided region and userPool name . 	Input parameters are required to generate url of cognitous
2057: Encodes an integer as its binary representation, taking into account if the number is positive or not and whether it's less than zero . If ex
2058: A function to calculate the NTH root of an input number using binary search method in python . The algorithm is based on finding out which one can be
2059: Create two mask objects with the specified degrees of rotation.  The first mask is used to rotate and shift in time while creating an image from scratch
2060: Convert column name to number. For example, A => 34789 and ZZ =>   .//..'s Examples :
2061: Returns the maximum time in milliseconds to wait before timing out when sending data. This function calculates an appropriate value based on how large of your
2062: Check if the genomic sequence is within acceptable range of an estimate based on QUAST results .   [ ] If it's not in that size
2063: Generates the key to be used in storing data.  The format is "<Beaming ID>"_"" <Storage id>  . This will
2064: This function takes in the name of an entire .txt or any other type and returns only its extension (.extension), as well parent names/directories
2065: Calculates the cost of electricity consumed by an individual or household. The calculation is based on hourly rate and fuel consumption in kWh/m²
2066: Convert the given 3D Cuboidal object to bounding box coordinates. The result is in format of dictionary with keys as mode and values are t
2067: This function returns the extension of given filename .  For example, if you call it with 'test' , then return '.txt'. If called on
2068: Convert tups to dict.  Converts tuple data into dictionary format with metadata and structured text as keys . Structure of the output is {'
2069: Get the first available serverless compute service.  If there is only one and it's not an edge point then return that else throw error if
2070: Checks if the given argument has type string or bytes.  This function will be used to validate that all arguments are of expected types before they'
2071: Returns the keys of an RSA public key. 	Inputs : kid -> unique identifier . Output is list containing one element with [K
2072: Returns the size of one bar in seconds based on its extension. This function is used to convert an integer value representing time duration into corresponding number or string
2073: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2074: A python method which calculates frequency sequence from character occurrence data . This one liner summarizes what it does, how its works , inputs
2075: Removes the specified 'provenedanc' .  e.g., "creation date". from input dictionary of dataframe columns, and returns
2076: Check if the list contains at least one 'a' symbol. 	Inputs : List of strings, Output -> Boolean indicating whether there is
2077: Calculates the value of an option with Black Scholes model. The function calcula...   .    on europeans options and returns their
2078: Convert the number of side to pixel. This is used in astropy's healpix map projection . The formula given by Gingor Be
2079: Escapes special characters in the string to prevent SQL injection attacks by replacing them with two single quotes ''.  This function can be used when you want
2080: Create an error handler that returns JSON with status of 'Not Found' and custom message. This is used to handle errors in the application when requested resources
2081: Binning function.  Takes in test value and returns the bin number it falls into based on range of values provided .   It is used
2082: Unifies the projection of all keys to Universal.  This function will look up and replace any key that matches with ["Transversmercetor
2083: A function to convert seconds into hours and minutes. 1 hour = ~48 min., one minute= ~~secs .   e..g
2084: Check if the arguments are valid. 1st argument is gh user, second one - passwrd . Return true or false accordingly based on
2085: Convert the given key to query parameters in format of number, data type and lineages hash .  This function is used by other functions like get/
2086: Finds the single integer that is not repeated.  If all integers are repeating, returns -1 or None if no such element exists .   The
2087: Counts the number of times two characters are equal but their positions differ by one. This is similar to "circular shift" operation on string where
2088: Returns 0 if input is less than five, returns the value of fourty two otherwise. If it'is greater or equal to eight then return
2089: Returns the smallest power of 2 that equals or exceeds input. If it's already an exact multiple, returns itself; otherwise return its nearest lower
2090: Converts an integer to its string representation. For example, the number zero is converted into 'Zero', one becomes'One'. The function raises
2091: Returns the direction of traffic on given lanes, if possible; otherwise returns 'None'.  The function is case insensitive and checks only first two
2092: A function to calculate the integer square root of an input number.  It uses binary search algorithm which has time complexity O((log N)).   The
2093: return the index of an element in one dimensional array. The function takes three arguments as input and returns its position within that dimension's sequence or list
2094: Get the IP address and its geographical context.  Returns an object with two keys, "address", which is simply ip of user's device
2095: Check if the preflights are enabled.  If both base mode &amp;lt;&#34;/&gt;"and"</a
2096: Format the name of an entity as per its type and id in format 'type/id'. If it's not possible to identify,
2097: Parses the first part of lat/long string to return only Latitute value – if possible, otherwise returns none .   [1pt
2098: reverses the dictionary and list.  It takes an original dict as input with lists of values to be replaced by keys from another given dictionaries or
2099: Checks if the word passed as an argument has no punctuation. 	Inputs : A string of one or more characters, Output ->
2100: Convert string to boolean. True if the input is one of 'True', ‘False' or their abbreviations, case insensitive ('TRUE','
2101: Compute the distance between two points in n dimensional space using numpy's dot product and compare it to an upper bound on square of e
2102: Convert method names to snake case formatting convention – remove prefix and replace underscores with hyphens . e..g., "get"
2103: Quit the program. 	Inputs : User input string, returns nothing . Code snippet to be used in other parts
2104: Convert the given value to an index. If it's not valid, return default (-).   Piece values are either 'X', '-','
2105: Create function to generate conditional formats. 1 input parameter is the rule's condition and other parameters are range details . Returns dictionary with boolean rules as
2106: This function fills the answer with recommended products from given list of farms .  It is used to generate recommendations based on user's previous interactions and
2107: Remove the auth hash from an externalized object, if it exists; otherwise return original input as is  Code snippet to be used with Python
2108: Returns the size of each zone in meters.  This is used to determine how much space we need between zones on our map and also determines what resolution
2109: Remove leading/trailing punctuation from the input. ... def nrnl stripped text to lower case, return
2110: 返回一个字典，包含发送验证码的必要信息。该函数接收电话号和短信认证代
2111: This function takes in an input tensor's dimensions and returns the channel dimension.  It is used to convert between channels last/first conventions of
2112: Defines the function to calculate linear interpolation.  The result of an input value 'a' is linearly mapped onto another output based on its position
2113: Convert the given set point to microsecond based on normalization level of input .  If it is above one then return zero else convert according with range and
2114: Checks if the length of given text files is less than or equal to 1k. Returns True/False accordingly." I'm going
2115: Convert hash table id to filename format used by the filesystems and databases . The function takes as input an HTID string which is expected be like "
2116: Convert KWH to GWh using the conversion factor of .986473 in Python Code snippet that converts given amount from
2117: Check if the file f has been compressed with gzip. If so return True else false . This function uses magic bytes to identify files that have had
2118: Generates the list of all links between wikipedia articles.  The input is dictionary with two keys 'titles' and each key has lists as
2119: Calculates the mean of two numbers. 1st number is divided by summation and then returned as result . This function calcula...   [
2120: Returns the initial word of input string.  If there is no space, it returns whole sentence as one line output else return only that part before encounter
2121: Convert the given log file's data into dictionary format.  The keys are column names and values in each key is corresponding value from that particular record
2122: This function calculates the percentages of each language's line count from all languages combined and returns them as dictionary." --->"%d
2123: Map 'X' to boolean values. “True” if X is one of the specified strings, else return `None` . If input string
2124: Interpret Fleis's Kappas score as an agreement measure – the higher, more perfect and substantive agreements are possible but also less
2125: Given an array of four numbers and the value at which to draw lines on two axes. Returns three values representing coordinates along each axis where one line
2126: This function calculates the number of bits needed to represent an integer in binary. It uses recursion and shifts right by one each time until it reaches
2127: Calculates the sum of all numbers from one to given number. The result is calculated using Gaussian's formula, which states that n*(n+
2128: A recursive function to calculate the pair of Fibonacci numbers at index 'i'. The pairs are calculated by taking two successors from
2129: Generates the login URL of Slash Commands with given sub domain . -->	Example usage : slackeventsapi(_
2130: Returns the string after removing leading/trailing whitespace.  If no spaces exist, returns original input as is .   This function uses two po
2131: Sum two dictionaries together by adding values of common keys from both dicts and returning the result as new dictionary . Example : {1:'one',
2132: This function takes in the name of an American town or village and returns it with its first word capitalized, but only if that'll make sense
2133: Get software's current release number from a raw string output of 'uname -r'.  This function will return only one line, and it
2134: This function is used to change the class of an object from one type into another. It also takes in consideration if it should be stochastic or not based
2135: Create and return list of CIDR violators in the given Security Group with specified IP protocol & port range 	Inputs :Security group identifier
2136: Check if the given position is within rectangle.  If it's not then return False else True .	Input : Rectangle as list of
2137: Checks if the length of name equals 0, returns True. If not equal to two then it checks whether there are any characters in between and
2138: Calculates the Rayligne's Z function. 	Input parameters are two numbers representing dimensions of an ellipse in radians and
2139: This function calculates the acute degree between two hands of an analogue watch on one face and another hand in relation to each other when they are both
2140: Split the list into two parts at index n. The first part is from 0 to 'index' and second one starts after that point in
2141: Parse FFT length from string input, converting it to bytes if necessary; return as integer value of the parsed result .e..g., "
2142: Returns True if the given dictionary contains only specified key/value pairs. If not it returns False or raises an exception depending on what is provided as argument
2143: Implemented the Galoi's multiplication algorithm. It multiplies two numbers using bitwise operations and returns result modulo max possible value of an
2144: Find the second smallest difference between two lists.  If there are no differences in both list return None . Otherwise ,return that value as output of function
2145: Returns the interpolated position between two points.  The third dimension is assumed to be time in seconds if available or simply as distance from one point towards
2146: This function takes two numbers as input and returns their product.  Code is written in Python language .  	Example of usage : print("Product =
2147: Convert Pascale bounding box to COCO format. 	Inputs are the coordinates of top left and bottom right corners in passcale scale image
2148: Returns the count of different crowd selections made by each user. It takes as inputs an id to identify which tasks were run on that specific instance or
2149: This function checks if the input can be converted to float.  If it's possible, returns true; otherwise false . ---> Code
2150: Check if the given star has both Zero Temperature Field Stations & Planetary Surface 0.9 Magnitude Limits set in
2151: Calculates the weighted average cost of capital.  The weight is determined by shareholder's ownership in company and returns on investment from holding it as
2152: Returns the font size to be used in labels based on max dimension of text inputted into function . The default is set as 'default' if no
2153: This function is used to untemperature the given number. It uses bitwise operations and mathematical transformations in order achieve its goal of converting an input into another
2154: Calculates the length of given 'hands' list.  It returns total number or fingers on each finger/index .   For example, if you
2155: Check if the module name starts with 'has' or ends in alignment, then it should be considered as top level UI modules  . e..g
2156: Counts the number of times an increasing sequence is found. The list must contain at least two elements and each element should be greater that its previous one
2157: Checks if the string starts with tab character or contains any empty lines, and returns true only when it is neither of these two things; otherwise false
2158: Parses the length of DNA or RNA sequence in various units and returns it as an integer value . e..g., '34k
2159: Returns the minimum distance from any point to its nearest edge of screen. This is used in collision detection and movement calculations .   [...]'s x
2160: Generates the string to sign.  Params are sorted and joined with & character . The order of parameters is not important as long they have values
2161: Extracts the probability of an event occurring.  If no such information exists, returns none .   [1pt]    Code : return conf
2162: Returns the latency threshold in milliseconds based on provided parameter.  Possible parameters are 'Latest', and returns latest available data point' .
2163: Check if the unit cell parameters are within tolerance of their targets. Parameters include volume & angles in degrees . Returns True or False based on whether they
2164: Generates list of absolute paths to the mounted filesystem points based on provided directory and its subdirectories' names as input parameters – one can specify
2165: Decodes HTML entities in string format to their actual characters . 	Input : String of encoded text, Output - decoded version with replaced special symbols
2166: Returns the maximum length of text that can be generated based on inputted "diffculty" parameter.  For easy, medium or hard levels respectively
2167: Calculates the difference between two numbers and normalizes it by their minimum.  This is useful when dealing with data that has different scales or units of
2168: This function calculates the estimated maximum possible load on an object given its initial mass and number of repetitions performed during testing in order to estimate it'
2169: Return the bits of str_. The first bit is always 0. If there are no characters in input, return an empty list . For example :
2170: Convert the request type to device. Returns True if it is an internal or external network address, False otherwise . Parameters : 'host' ->
2171: Calculates the soil and rock impedances.  The function takes as input parameters - two values each representing different types of material properties such that they are
2172: Returns the base file/name of given path.  If it's .PY then returns without extension, else return with full stop removed from end
2173: Multiply each element of the vector by scalar.  Returns new Vector with elements multiplied .   Example : Given input is ([3 ,4
2174: Return the smallest and largest number in point num list.  [1,3,-4] -> (-4 ,   ) . The function should
2175: Check if the given inputted word or phrase forms palidromic.  A PalinDorme means that it reads same backward as forward
2176: Negates each element of the input list.  The output is another copy with all elements negative, but does not modify original array/list .
2177: This function is used to schedule the online call. It checks if location, start time and endtime are available in input dataframe rows . If
2178: A function to convert the name of an English Month into its corresponding number. If not found, returns "-" . This is used in date extraction and
2179: Returns the zoom level and coordinates of an image tile. The function takes in three parameters which are used to calculate new values based on current scale factor
2180: Returns the data ranges in bytes.  The first two elements are byte offsets and last three values represent number of chunks to be read from file
2181: Return the label as string with _ on device do not use directly. This is used to avoid conflicts when using multiple devices in one library .
2182: Create an HTML collapsed element. 	Details : A string of text to be displayed when the user clicks on 'expand' button . The
2183: This function takes two arguments; the name of an organism and list/array containing sequences. It generates fastA format from these input data . The
2184: Returns the cyclical label of an object. If n is greater than 10, it returns ${}. Otherwise return {}" . format()
2185: Convert date string to tuple of year month day. If the input is not valid return none – otherwise convert it into an integer format and returns as
2186: This function calculates the sum of TFIDFRatio.  It takes three parameters - Probabilities and IDs which are used to calculate term
2187: This function returns the list of all distinct features from two lists, sorted alphabetically .  It takes as input an iterable with tuples
2188: Computes the difference between two dictionaries of response times and returns them as another dictionary with keys being unique identifiers from both input dict'dictionary
2189: Convert timezone offset in seconds to string format. If the input is negative it converts into positive and adds sign before hours/minutes part of
2190: Parses the range from string format and returns two integers representing start & end of that given ranges inclusively .  For example "10
2191: Checks if an object's name starts with underscore character (_).  This function can be used to check whether the class or instance attributes are
2192: Calculates the difference between two vectors.	Inputs : f_y and x , Output is an array of differences .   ### Code Example
2193: Convert input to either integer or floating point number. If not possible, return as is – string version of the object .   Code Example : print
2194: Tunes the Gaussian Mixture Model. 	Inputs are initial parameters of GMM and their corresponding means & standard deviations to be tuned .
2195: Drop place holders from the list of peak objects, keeping only those with m/Z values greater than 0 but less or equal to one .
2196: Fix the length of timestamps to 3 digits. If less than three, add leading zeros until it is equal or more then ten
2197: Defines the Heavysine function. This is used to calculate values of an array at points where it's zero, and then returns these
2198: Generates two lists of keys that are present only on one dictionary or the other but missing from both – ie., those which have been modified
2199: Check if the file is empty or not, return True/False accordingly 	Inputs : filename -> str . Returns true when it'll
2200: This python module provides functions that generate summaries from Python's Docstrings .  It can handle multiple paragraph types such like headers , parameters etc..
2201: Removes duplicate level entries from the given list of tuples based on their second element value and returns them as another tuple with unique elements only .
2202: Constructs the shortest paths from source to all other vertices in graph using Dijkstra' algorithm and returns them as list of nodes along with
2203: Transposes the matrix M in place and returns it as list of lists .  This function is used to transposed an input numpy array into its
2204: This function returns the mean of colors. It takes an integer key as input and return its corresponding string value from dictionary 'color' . If no such
2205: Generates an identifier suitable to use with Inventor's IiIF service. 	Input format is {"filename": filename, bucket:"
2206: Calculates the Mincows Distance between two users based on their ratings of items using power law normalization and optional weighting factor 'power'. If
2207: Create an Entity Dictionary from the given list of entities.  The dictionary will be used to look up and retrieve specific information about each individual 'Entity
2208: Computes and returns derivative terms of The Susceptible/Infectious / Recovered population dynamics in an epidemic.  Modeled by B
2209: Builds configuration parameters from an array of strings into dictionary format – replaces [] with nothing and removes brackets around the parameter names . Parameters
2210: Returns the attributes of all elements with tag.  [1pt]   .eocode:.getattrs'r'.collect''lst
2211: Check if the number can be divided by at least one of given numbers.  If yes then return True else False .	Example usage : print("
2212: Checks if two spans are exactly the same. If they have different tokens and lengths then it returns false; otherwise true is returned indicating that both
2213: This function takes as input the dictionary of different machine learning algorithms' performance scores and returns which algorithm has achieved highest score.  If multiple such algos
2214: Get the value of an existing Tag. If not found return 'None'.  [get/set].   .[key=value]]'s
2215: Implement Miller Rabbin Primality Test. Code checks if the number 'p' can be divided by any of given primes without remainder."
2216: This function checks if the input is 'yes'. If yes, it will print out that quote has been added. Otherwise nothing happens and no new quot
2217: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras theorem .   [Done].    Code length
2218: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and reduces time
2219: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were run through str.asciiartranslate, but with no
2220: A recursive function to calculate the nth FIBONACCI number. The result is stored in cache and reused if available, improving efficiency
2221: Convert distance in degrees to apparent diameter.  Input is the difference between celestial object's coordinates and equator of reference frame; output gives
2222: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  The algorithm is based on Euclidean Algorithm which reduces both number by their difference until
2223: Returns the host address to use when connecting from another machine on local network or localhost if not connected over internet, otherwise returns original IP of remote connection."
2224: Flips the given 3xn matrix horizontally. ...		    return flipped horizontal version of inputted list/matrix .
2225: This function takes an XML fragment and returns the same as it is. It does not do anything with xml fragments, but just return them in string format
2226: Check the starting year of scenarios. If more than once is found to be different it throws an error message and stops further processing .   [...]'
2227: A function to initialize the Serial Input/Output SerDes. This will be used in other functions that require access and manipulation of these serde
2228: Check if the file name ends with ".py" but starts as "backe..."  -> True or False based on whether it's
2229: Calculates the sum of scores from all elements within given tuple, where each element is assumed to be an instance or object with .scores attribute and
2230: Create an n x 10 matrix. Each element is filled with empty lists [] . The number of elements created depends on the input parameter 'create
2231: Returns the correct number of spaces to use as an argument in function calls. This is used by other functions like tabulate() and print_indent
2232: Remove all domain names from emails using regular expressions and list comprehension 	Inputs : List of Email addresses, Output -> Cleaned Up Em
2233: A recursive function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. The base case is when ```f``` equals two, it returns one of
2234: Create fault name based on latitude/longtude or only longitute.  If all missing return the same string else if one of them present
2235: This function takes as input the list of builds and returns an array with dictionaries containing information about each one. Each dictionary contains "Last Build Info"
2236: This function converts special characters to their escape sequences, useful when dealing with strings that may contain control or non printable character codes such as carriage returns
2237: Returns the coordinates of one point on an ellipse centered at origin with semi major axis s and minor axes equal to half that in size .
2238: Resize the file system of an unmounted disk. 	Inputs : Device name as string . Output is list with command to resize fs on
2239: Generates the filename of profiles.  The parameters are used to create unique filenames based on different aspects such as where they were created and what
2240: This function takes an IPv4 address in the form of string and converts it to its equivalent IPV 1 format by adding zeros if necessary
2241: Adds the given number of points to an existing CPU medium roll. 	Input - Total current score and New Point Value; Output = Updated
2242: Convert the number to string representation with leading zeros.  For example, if num is '7', return it as an integer and add zeroes
2243: Returns true if the sum of digits in 'input' is equal to input itself. Otherwise, returns false . The function checks whether all numbers from
2244: This function calculates the human body's average weight from an input pressure level in millibars of mercury, which is equivalent to kilogram
2245: Convert hubble's constant to km/sec^4 .  Input is the initial value of h in units such as cm or s, output
2246: Calculates the pressure of water in an object given its height and other parameters .  The formula used is derived from physics principles but it's not
2247: Generates JMESPath expressions to filter items based on whether they contain the specified array or not – using comma separated string input .e..
2248: Counts the number of characters that are different between two strings.  If they're not equal length it returns an error message and counts how many
2249: Generates line parameters based on the distance and direction of two points. If 'both' is True then returns list with endpoints else only start point
2250: Calculates the time to wait before considering an endpoint unhealthy. This is based on consecutive failures and interval between each failure, plus additional delay needed
2251: Convert the given list of columns to number.  The first element is at position zero, second one has two positions etc.. . For example if we
2252: Get the frame information from stack trace lookup function – if not found return default values .   [10pts]    Code : "def
2253: Returns parameters from the given configuration dictionary as per Comets' parameterization scheme .  It uses either random or fixed values depending on whether they are present
2254: Returns the current game's state. 0 -> not started;1/solved/-err => level x completed with errors or solutions found
2255: Replace placeholders with actual parameters from the given JSON object/list of objects using provided parameter name as placeholder to be replaced by an argument passed during
2256: Create dictionary from list of paths.  Key is path, value will be the corresponding yanger name .   #1046387
2257: Computes the number of fans in stacking.  If there is only one dimension it returns that value and multiplied by two as fan count on
2258: Create callsign dictionary from the given string with optional SSID if it exists; else return only Callsig as is .   Code Type : Python
2259: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same as it's received, but with each line prefixed by its index number followed
2260: Check if the second monomer of A is equal to that on its left side. Then check whether every element from 3rd upwards dividing
2261: Returns True if the input temperature is greater than 30. Otherwise, returns False or None . Code snippet to test it with some data
2262: Calculates the molecular weight of an atom given its atomic number and electron abundance in CGS units." ---> Code Summary : "Calculation
2263: Check if the point lies within triangle.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .  	Inputs : Point in form of tuple with
2264: This function checks if the provided filename ends with .XLSX and, If it doesn't end then appends one to make sure that we
2265: Join namespaces to the given string if necessary and return it as is otherwise add / before appending namespace .  For example : ~/myNamespace
2266: This function scales the dimensions of ‘Box’ object in Box. The new size is calculated by multiplying each dimension with provided factor 'scale'.
2267: This function checks if the file extension of an image is one that's been specified as 'alloed'. It returns true only when it finds
2268: Appends the number '2' to list M and returns zero, but does not modify input parameter "l" or any other variable in scope
2269: This function maps the input 'X' from one range to another. It uses Linear Interpolation method which is used in many image processing algorithms
2270: Returns True if the coordinates are within one of four possible tetrahedron shapes. The coordinate system is in octahedral cube with each face
2271: Generates label based on the value of input. If less than zero, returns 'zero'. For values between -98 to +74 inclusive
2272: Returns the value of k in relation to its distance from center. If it is closer than halfway point then returns that number otherwise return zero .
2273: This function calculates the size unit based on number of dimensions and labels. It returns 'S', if there are no dimension or label, it
2274: This function calculates the electric field at any point in space. It takes as input an element dictionary with keys "filenames", 	"Z
2275: Replace unknown or unseen text with the default id from given VOCABULARY – used to convert string labels into numerical values that can
2276: Generates the URL to access Google Cloud' project networks. ...   # [END] Code snippet generated by GCP SDK
2277: Returns the step function at time point 't'. It returns one if input is greater than or equal to zero, else it return zeros .
2278: Returns the input as is. If it's not None, returns an object with status="success". 	Input -> Response to be
2279: Create an Ephemere Profile object.  This is used to store the repository and authentication tokens needed by other functions in order not lose these details when
2280: This function returns the base name of file without its suffix if it exists, otherwise return original string as is .  Code Example :strip('testfile
2281: Calculates the Kinetic Energy of an object given its Mass and Velocity .  	Inputs :Mass in kg ,Velocities m
2282: Removes null values from the given data.  Code to filter out records with missing id/ name / price or description . Then map each record into
2283: Adds two coordinates. 	Input : Two coordinate pairs as tuple of integers or floats . Output -> New Coordinate pair after addition	.
2284: Generates bit array of booleans indicating whether each column is present or not – used to filter dataframes based on specific conditions .  1
2285: Serialize the given object to string. If it's none, return 'null'. Otherwise just keep as original value in case of any other type
2286: Check if two strings are equal case insensitively ignoring leading and trailing whitespace – ie., "Hello World" is not
2287: Convert dictionary to object class with recursive conversion of nested dictionaries and lists into objects classes using python's builtin types as base .   e
2288: Remove specified characters from string – one line version of the function is provided below . The input to remove chunks are two parameters - str and list
2289: Split 'n' into multiple parts with each part having size at most ‘r’. The remainder of the division is stored in variable named
2290: Compute the Hadamar product of two complex numbers.  The result is another Complext number which represents their multiplication in polar form .  	Comple
2291: Create an edge between two vertices.  The function returns the minimum and maximum of both inputted vertexes as tuple to form new edges in graph data
2292: Adds content to the end of an HTML string.  If there is already some text in it then append new html else just return original one .
2293: Get the DID by foreign key value from database table "Dids" .  If no such record exists return null or provided input if it'
2294: This function takes an integer input 'min' and converts it to hours if the value is greater than or equal too sixty. If not then returns
2295: Scales the given image dimensions by specified factor.  If 'None' scales are provided then no scaling will occur; if tuples provide different
2296: This function takes as input the string representation of an IP address and returns it parsed into its constituent parts, stripped out any leading or trailing
2297: Calculates the average of two numbers.  Code is named as 'avg' in python language .   #10 points to be scored on
2298: Returns the Symmetric closure of an input relation R over sets X and Y such that each element is paired with its complementary pair from RelationR
2299: Checks if the given list of lines contains an encoded form data content type or not . If it does then returns true else false otherwise..   [
2300: This function splits the input string into list of strings based on comma separator, if no argument provided it returns an empty array . This
2301: Implemented the Galoi's multiplexer algorithm. This function takes two inputs and multiplies them using GALOIS’S M
2302: Filter out the given list of servers's specific IP addresses.  Returns only those that are associated with certain type or subtype .ip address format
2303: Calculates the heat flux from soil temperature changes in one month to another by using an approximation of thermal conductivity at constant pressure and density . The result
2304: This function takes as input the string representation of an entry from BED file and returns total length block sizes present within that BedLine object, if it
2305: Generates dictionary of properties from axis labels.  Properties include labeling and scaling information on x/ y / z .axis's ticks are
2306: Count the occurrences of each label and return dictionary with weights based on that count; used to normalize data before training model or after preprocessing
2307: Convert degrees to decimal minutes and seconds. The function takes as input the number of whole degree values that have been converted from an angle in radians;
2308: A function to calculate the Cantors pairing. This is used in some algorithms that require pairs of numbers and their positions are needed as input parameters like
2309: Returns the URL of an AnimeList account given its username or email address as input parameter – e..g., 'username' will return https
2310: A function to linearly increase the learning rate during an initial period of time.  The leraning rates starts at 'initial' and increases until it
2311: Finds the part of text between two substrings in Python 3+ . If no second argument provided it returns everything after first one else return characters
2312: Checks if the input string represents valid DNAs. A Valid sequence should only contain characters from {a , c - g and t}. The
2313: Maps the input value to an output range.  The mapping is linear and continuous but can be adjusted by changing 'scale'.  	Example usage
2314: Returns the difference between two sets. 	Inputs : Two lists of items to be compared . Output - A new list with elements that are present
2315: Returns the next possible locations from current location. This function is used to find all valid moves that can be made by an agent on grid based upon its
2316: This function says hello to the given person. It also returns an additional message saying "there" in english, which is used as part of
2317: Return the directory of file in project structure, without src prefix . 	Inputs : str -> returns string with dir path from input filename ,
2318: This function calculates the average of scores from two lists. The input parameters are expected to be dictionaries with key 'score' as well which contains
2319: Calculates the score of Silver Medal in tennis match based on scores from two teams . If both team's points are equal then it gives half
2320: Calculates the severities of food waste in an area based on weight input from user, using formulae derived by Dr John Harrison and his colleagues
2321: Returns the type of maximum length string that starts with '1' from given mapping dictionary .  For example : {'a': ['b', "c
2322: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2323: Return the coordinates of an origin point in large size image that is at least halfway from top left corner. The result will be relative to
2324: Check if the input string contains only ASCII characters.  If it does then return True else returns false . --->def get_char
2325: Create headers dictionary to be used in HTTP requests. This function creates the necessary Headers needed when making API calls, such as X Auth T
2326: This function takes an array of dictionaries and removes any fields specified by the user to be ignored during processing .  It returns new list with processed data
2327: Write list to file with tab separated values .txt format – try and except block used on write operation if any error occurs during the process it will
2328: This function calculates the momentum of an object. It takes two parameters - mass and velocity vector .  The momentums are calculated by multiplying each
2329: Transposes the rows of an object with columns in pivots manager .  If successful returns true else false	.   Parameters : obj ->
2330: Calculates the power of each divisor up to 'sqrt' and sums them.  If number is even then it will divide by itself else not
2331: This function takes as input an array of chats, and returns the same list but with all lowercase tokens per session/message within each conversation .
2332: Convert an integer representing the number of microseconds since epoch to floating point. The result is in seconds, but can be converted back into milliseconds
2333: Check if the extra link arguments contain any of "MKL", “ACCELERADE” and/or 'VEC' to
2334: This function takes as input an array of numbers and returns the total.  It uses map to convert each number in that list into its integer equivalent then
2335: Capitalizes the first letter of each word in input.  For example, 'hello world' becomes "HELLO WORLD". This function
2336: A function to calculate the Lucasseries number. It raises an error if input is negative and returns specific numbers based on its position within series otherwise it
2337: Returns the Selig profile.  The output is always '{"seligenprofile":"default"}' . This function returns an object that contains information about
2338: Returns the number of neighbouts in an array.  The function takes as input lag, which is used to determine how many points are considered "close
2339: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2340: Removes all spaces in the input string, replacing them with underscores or other specified characters to create an identifier suitable	for use as variable names and
2341: Parses the given input and returns its results or error message. If it's not recognized, raises an exception with details about what kind of
2342: Convert RGB image to float format using the RGB values from an integer representation of color in [RGB]. Returns three floats representing red green blue channels
2343: Code to find the minimum and maximum coordinates of  points. If there are three dimensions return also z values range . Otherwise just returns x y ranges respectively
2344: Generates the curation namespace based on inputted packages list 	Inputs : List of Packages, Output - Curation Namespace as string .
2345: Returns the minimum longitute of all points.  Code is written to find and return smallest value from given list/array 'points'. The function takes
2346: Create an instance of the Label class. 	Labels are used to mark and categorize data points in machine learning models, providing context about what
2347: Create an object with the given configuration and helpers to manage its state in .ini format  Configuration is managed by setting/unsetting flags on it
2348: Check if the child item is an attached PDF file.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   [1pt]    Code : check
2349: This function takes as input the list of tuples representing processes and returns an event log based on these inputs . The output is represented by pairs that
2350: Check if two given rectangle intersects. 	Input - Two tuples of four elements each representing the coordinates & dimensions/sizeof one or
2351: Convert the given input into an integer. If conversion fails return none and log error message in case of failure .  [...]   if it's
2352: Checks if the string 'Stack' or ‘Security’ appears anywhere within given input text, returns True/False accordingly . If not found return
2353: Returns the direction sign of two points. If 'there' is greater than or equal to "HERE", returns +/- one; otherwise it will return
2354: Calculates the minimum number of operations needed to transform one word into another. The possible operation is insertion/deletions and substitutions only
2355: This function converts the original gravities from degrees plato scale into their equivalent value on another axis using linear interpolation and polynomial fitting . The resulting
2356: Calculates the difference between two distributions using log transformation and linear combination of probabilities .  It is used to calculate distance from one distribution's point cloud
2357: This function returns the JavaScript string representation of an object. If no argument provided, it will return empty JS; otherwise provide input as parameter and convert to
2358: This function returns the default settings of an object.  It is used to create objects with their defaults set up in advance and then can be modified as
2359: Get the app engine application's url . 			.   get : to return an instance of google cloud storage bucket object in json format from given
2360: Parses double quotation marks and returns the last parsed string or none if no more strings are left to parse in current context – Omits
2361: This function slices geographical data from the input list of dictionaries and converts lat/lon fields to floats before adding them into output array
2362: This function takes two arguments - scale key and the original sequence. It returns an extended version of inputted sequences by one position to its right in order
2363: Adds an 'Index' column to the dataframe and reorders it based on its values – useful when working with large datasets where you want
2364: Returns the value of an integer in binary representation.  If both bits are equal then returns that bit's position else if it is greater than or
2365: Count the centroiid of points.  The function takes as input an array pts containing N by M coordinates and returns their respective mean values
2366: Convert list of include paths to string.  If the input is empty returns an emtpy strin; otherwise it converts each element into one
2367: Convert depth metrics to International System of Units. 	Inputs : Depth in meters and the minimum/ maximum depths at which measurements are taken .
2368: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence. The first two numbers in series are always zero and one, then each subsequent number is calculated as sum
2369: Convert snakes to camel case, ie., convert _ separated strings into CammelCase format – e..g "this__is____
2370: Get the first occurrence of an object by its given .obj file's 3D model/Mesh Name" ---> "Get
2371: Convert RGB pixel data into YUV4. : Converts an array of pixels from the format [R, G, B], where
2372: Generates the configuration of an extension or service provider in vSphere Automation Plugin SDK format  .   Content includes version information , host
2373: This function takes as input the model type and returns it formatted with each component capitalized, except possibly first one which is also title cased  .
2374: Code to categorize files based on their extension; returns the category as string, default if no match found – . Default categories are document and media
2375: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and modulus
2376: Convert string to hexadecimal. If the length of input is not equal four, return zero; otherwise convert and sum up all characters in ASC
2377: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2378: Check if the input variable can be converted to an array of lists. If it's already in that format return as such otherwise convert into one with
2379: This function takes in the full path of an image and returns only its base file without extension (.jpg, .png etc). This is useful
2380: Convert an HTTP/HTTPS url to WebSocket one line version – if the input is http, https etc., it will convert into w
2381: Returns the y value of an inputted point on our function.  The equation is defined by its gradient and intercepts in form "y=
2382: Extract the owner and name of an GitHub Repository from its URL – one line function that takes in github url as input . Returns
2383: Map vent locations to their counts.  If the location is new it's added with count=0; if already exists then its counter increases by
2384: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer using looping. The time complexity is O((n/p)*log n). This method uses
2385: Calculates the weighted sum of an array's elements based on their indices raised to power .167 or similar, which is used as part
2386: Extract the id of an existing Github's public/private ‘GIST’ from its string representation .	Example : "https://
2387: Purge all keys with value 'None' from dictionary ‘dict’ .   Code to be used as reference or example, but not necessarily the
2388: Checks if the input value can be considered as an integer. This function returns true only when it's possible to convert 'value'.
2389: Convert string to HTML formatting with line breaks and smart quotes around text elements."  [END OF SUMMARY].'   '    .'' ''
2390: Validates if the given configuration has all necessary fields. This function returns true only when every mandatory parameter is present and false otherwise . The parameters
2391: returns the difference between two dictionaries of cache parameters .   [END] Code:[START][TODO]: Implement function to compare and
2392: Create and return the URI string. 	Inputs : Name of user , IP address & Port number . Returns - The generated uri as per given
2393: Create an instance of the gRPC client reader with response type specified by user input  Code Example : std = grpcpp/clientreaderfactory .
2394: Setup SSL context. If HTTPS isn't enabled, return ad hock mode else if cert and key files are provided then create s
2395: This function filters out the duplicate files from given list of file names by reversing them and checking if they are present again after reverse order on next iteration
2396: This function converts layer names to the format used in tensorflow and keras, replacing underscores with hyphens – lowercase everything after
2397: Sort and format memory tool options into one line string with ':' separator . e..g $(.a10e4f8c9
2398: This function takes in the number of seconds as input and returns an integer between [36.7%, .4%] or less depending on how
2399: Calculates the maximum Euclidean distance between two vectors.  The function takes as input any pair of equal length sequences and returns their Chebishet'
2400: Get the first module with given 'Name' from list of modules.  If no such Module exists then return none .  	Inputs : Top
2401: Fixes the variable at index 'index' in an existing Problem object with given name and returns it as fixed version of that Variable .
2402: This function replaces all occurrences of the string 'Happy' with another specific text, such as sad or angry etc., within given input sentences
2403: Returns the type of vNode as per its argument.  If it is regular file then returns 'regular' else if directory or block device etc.,
2404: Check if the given string is valid Hexadecimal. This function will return true only when all characters are either digits or A
2405: Calculates the integral of ∫f^n from t=t₀ to f at time step ΔT. n is an integer
2406: Generates the key of one pixel's location within its parent node.  The function takes three parameters - tx and t y are relative xy
2407: Check if the given sequence of numbers has non degeneracy and homogeneity properties, i., e.. it'll be true that all elements are
2408: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2409: Get an item from the given 'dict' object. If it exists return its value else returns "None". 	Inputs : Dictionary and Key
2410: Parses the input list into an array of strings or empty lists if no values are provided .  If there's only one string in quotes
2411: Check if the current user is bot. --> This function checks whether or not it'll be possible to send messages from an AI model
2412: Defines an assertion function that compares two values and raises if they are not equal.  If the comparison fails it will raise with custom error message
2413: Convert string to float if possible using literal evals or return the original value otherwise – used in conversion of data types between different programming languages and python
2414: Check if the document has an XML namespace declaration or not – returns True/False accordingly .   [1pt] ...'<DeviceReport
2415: Calculates the heat transfer coefficient between two walls of different temperatures.  The wall is assumed to be uniform in temperature and pressure but varying height from one
2416: Process ctags output to get the indices of functions that match with given string – function name as input parameter .   - returns list containing all such
2417: Returns the sub type of an object. This function is used to determine what kind or feature set that particular instance has, based on its flag value and
2418: Calculates the factorial of an integer. 	Inputs : int -> Output = long float number . e g., input is  3
2419: Set the configuration of an object.  This function is used to change or update any configurations that are needed by other functions in your program, such as
2420: Check if the year is leap. If it's divisible by both, then return true; otherwise false .  	Examples :    -
2421: Convert the input vector into its unit component in each dimension, returning two components representing these units vectors respectively . This function is used when dealing with directional
2422: Karatasub multiplication algorithm implemented in python. It is used to multiply two numbers using the Karmatzubs method of base^4 instead
2423: Convert Snakemo to Caml case style .  Code is used as an example of how the function works and can be tested with different inputs
2424: This function takes in two parameters - an URL and the HTTP request type as string formatting is done on these inputs to create unique keys that can be
2425: Convert Megabites to bytes.	Inputs : int or float, Output -> integer . Converts the input value from MegaBytes
2426: Checks if the given number is within specified integer ranges. 	Inputs : num as string , min and max values of integers . Returns boolean
2427: Generates the pincode configuration files.  The pinmux is configured to use default and sleep states of devices .   # noqa
2428: Check if the input string is an ASN number in uppercase format – ie, it starts with "AS". It should be followed by
2429: Convert URL to ID, split by "/" and take last part as file name then further splits it into baseName .ext  return the id
2430: Calculates the error in percentage between two functions.  It's used to measure how far off our predictions are from actual values .   The higher
2431: checks if the given number is factor of another. 	Inputs : two numbers . Returns true or false based on whether they are factors	. Example
2432: Increments the version number by one and returns it as string format, if no argument provided then return none else incremented verion of input .
2433: This function returns the escape sequence corresponding to different colors.  It is used in conjunction with other functions that output text on console screens, such as print
2434: Returns the id and base url of an Image from its href reference in form ('ImageID', 'BaseURL')  . e..g "https
2435: Returns the real or imaginary part of an object if it's not already one; otherwise returns itself as its own "value".  This function can
2436: Convert the given str to float number in range [min=-.inf , max=  . inf]  based on its value and formatting rules defined
2437: Returns the name of an entity from string input, assuming it'll be in format "/path/to/" .  It will return last part after
2438: returns the value of one parameter based on its name. If it is not recognized then return default .   Code :def getParameterValueByName
2439: Check if the server's HTTP/1.x request has lost connection by checking common error messages like ERROR, EOF etc., and also checks
2440: Convert string to python's builtin type of Version number as integer tuples – e..g '10'. Converts the
2441: Convert degrees to compass direction .   ## Code is used in the function of converting degree into cardinal directions on earth's magnetic field map, and
2442: Calculates the posterior probability of an event A given another.  The formula is based on Bayesian theorem and assumes independence between events B if not specified
2443: Generates the four corners of an LR triangle.  The coordinates are given as tuples in two dimensions and returned by reference .   This
2444: Create an instance of the proximity sensor.  If 'occluded' is True then it will be enabled otherwise disabled .   The distance from which objects
2445: Finds all group by values from the given URL and returns them as list of strings .  For example, if input is "http://example...
2446: This function splits the input string into list of strings by splitting at each occurrence on character "\ufeff" . It then returns comma separated values
2447: Calculates the effective Porosities of clay and sand. 	Inputs : pH value , Clay content . Output is calculated as per formula
2448: This function returns the adjusted detector length based on whether it's possible to detect at least one object within 'x'-meters of TLS.
2449: This function calculates the value of 'bar' in relation to M. It is used as part an algorithmic solution that takes two parameters; one
2450: A function to return the prime factorization of an integer 'N'.  It finds all divisibility upto square root and then checks if it
2451: Computes the Exponentially Weighted Moving Average of an array or list with optional weights and initial values .  It's used to
2452: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2453: Check if the given object can be converted to string.  If yes then return true else false .   [1pt] Solution : Python
2454: Get the type of given url. 0/1 line solution, no loops or recursion is allowed except calling other functions and using builtin python
2455: Convert Hexadecimal color to RGB. The input is expected in the format #RRGGBB . Returns three values representing red , green
2456: Calculates the value of Delta P after applying an increment to it.  The function takes as input parameters deltap , alpha and symb
2457: Format boolean value as string. If the input parameter 'None' or not provided, return it directly without any change in case of True/False values
2458: Transmits UID over the network. Returns received data if successful or None otherwise .	Inputs :UID and maximum bits to be transmitted	. Output
2459: Create and return dictionary with specified keys.  Metric values are taken from the input list of measurements .   The first two elements in 'measurements
2460: Parses connection strings into dictionary format, removing trailing semicolons and splitting on '==' characters to get key/value pairs from the
2461: Check if two strings are Anagrams.  If they're not then return False else True .   Code is to check whether the given string
2462: 返回一个格式化的请求ID字符串。如果没有提供，则默认为空的；否则将包含该值在内的
2463: This function takes in two filenames and returns the formatted filename based on their mappings .  The first part of file name is replaced with an
2464: This function takes an absolute file system paths and converst them into equivalent relative ones, taking care of the '.'s to represent current directory ,and
2465: Check if the data is valid and return an error message. If it's invalid then returns appropriate status codes based on operation performed by user . e
2466: This function takes as input an integer string and converts it into its equivalent intger representation using the split() method of python's builtin strings
2467: Convert the given number to binary.  If x isn’t of type 'int', it raises and handles exceptions by raising error message "must provide
2468: Generates the file name based on NodeJS version and language used to compile it – node, go or python . The function takes as input an
2469: This function generates the training parameters.  The input arguments are all required to be provided and return an object containing these details in key value pairs .
2470: Replace underscores in the input string with spaces using Python's builtin .str method – str class’ s replaces all occur
2471: Clean up the given Julia or Python script by removing unnecessary characters and replacing them with newlines to make it more readable .  This function is used
2472: Returns the device type id based on its unique identifier string representation in uppercase letters, if it is not recognized returns default value of zero .   [
2473: Scales the frequencies of an audio signal.  The input is in Hz and output will be scaled to -1..+0 dBFS or +
2474: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2475: Generates HTML meta tag with namespace and optional custom attribute.  If the provided namespaces are empty then it generates only one line of html tags without
2476: Returns whether the given integer inputted by user if it's odd or not. ... ..    return true; else false . If
2477: This function takes an offset and input text as parameters to encode the message using Caesar cipher technique with given shift of 'n'. It returns encoded string
2478: Convert seconds to hours and minutes. The result is in the format hhhmmss . e..g., '14987' means
2479: Calculates the number of splittable dimensions and their corresponding split points within each dimension from an indexed data structure that contains information about how to divide
2480: Convert all uppercase characters in the input to lower case using ASCII values of their corresponding character and return it .  If not possible convert then raise
2481: Split an RGB value into its individual components.  16 bits per component -> Red = 8bits , Green=7bit and Blue=
2482: Handle array input. If the element is an integer, return it as such; otherwise count its length and output that number of "*"s to represent
2483: Get the label from an analysis of files.  If it's DOS or AmigAoS, return 'D'. Otherwise if PC
2484: Convert an integer into 16 bit key. The result is in hexadecimal format with leading zeros if necessary, upto eight dig
2485: Compute the conjugates of quaternion. 	Inputs : Quat, Output = ConjguteQuateron .
2486: Check if the given URL is related to products or not 	Inputs : A string representing an HTTP/HTTPS link . Returns ->
2487: Generates the minimum number of datasets needed to cover all possible combinations.  The base size is divided by product with each test case's data set
2488: This function takes an interface string and returns the same as long it starts with 'GE' or not, if so removes GigaBit from end of
2489: This function returns the parameters of an order.  It takes two arguments - 'Cart ID' and '- Item Name'. The returned object contains these values
2490: Returns the accuracy of prediction based on comparison with 'Actual' values . If they match then returns full precision else zeroes out in case there is any
2491: Generates an intersection of two Histograms by taking the minimum value at each index from both inputted historams – resulting into new history .
2492: This function takes two arguments - list of tokenized text and the tags to be selected from that document/text . It returns only those tagged word which
2493: This function takes two arguments - 'odd' or even', and the list of numbers to be filtered by odd/even rule . It returns all elements
2494: This function takes an authorization object and returns it as dictionary.  It cleans up the data by converting id, authorized user to string format before storing
2495: Adds the specified string as an optional prepend to all keys in dictionary.  If no such option is provided then it returns original value of given
2496: Computes the Dot Product of two lists. 	Inputs : Two Lists . Returns -> The resultant value after performing computation on
2497: Find the file type of given .NET data files (.HDF, HYDROSTATIC DATA FILES).  Return 'none'
2498: Calculates the cost of an operation.  The function takes in one parameter 'arrow' which is either "+" or "-". If it equals
2499: Check if the given string is an UniProtKB identifier. This function checks whether or not provided argument 'aliases' refers to
2500: This function takes as input the original model's encoder q and key states dictionary from moco version 0 or more . It returns an updated one
2501: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2502: Defines an equality operator. 	Inputs : two elements to compare . Returns the comparison result as string formatting of left and rigth element
2503: Parses the name from input string.  Returns two parts - first part is parsed out of original, second one remains as it was after par
2504: A function to calculate the value of polynomial at point 'x'.  The coefficients are passed as list .   It uses Horner's method which
2505: Create an Elasticsearch Index.  If the provided 'ElastiSearch' is not specified then it will create one with same as input parameter
2506: Returns the dimensions of an image scaled down to fit within specified maximum dimension.  If necessary it also scales up if needed by maintaining aspect ratio and ensuring
2507: Format the input string into list of arguments based on type specified in argument 'format'.  If not provided or if it's set to None then
2508: Compare two numbers. Returns 0 if they are equal; returns negative number when the first is smaller than second one and positive otherwise . This function can
2509: Split the string into its constituent parts and return them as separate arguments to create an object of QuantizationStrategy class in Python 3 . The
2510: Convert the given tuples to booleans. 	Inputs : A list of four elements, each an integer or float number representing some
2511: Computes the mean of x^i/sqrt[abs[(sum_of_(0 to ith)] + abs((last element))] where
2512: Returns the maximum of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers and returns an integer .   Output is either input number or upperlimit if it
2513: This function takes as input an array of strings, and returns the same output with each string enclosed within three back quotes (">> ") .  It
2514: This function scales the input y by multiplying it with factor 'scale_factor' and adding to/from offset.  It is used in various
2515: Returns the MPLS ECMP group ID. The function takes an integer as input and returns its corresponding Ecpmp Group id in hexad
2516: Normalizes the output of generated images. This function takes as input an array containing pixel values representing image data, and returns another similar but scaled version with
2517: Checks if every element of the first dictionary is also present as an entry on another one.  If not it returns False otherwise True .
2518: Processes pose data from the given string. --> --->>> Processing of positional information is done on each frame,
2519: Convert negative integers to Na.  Code snippet that converts all the negatives in an integer list into Nans if they exist and leaves
2520: Simulate the colour of two histograms.  The function takes as input one dictionary with "color", and another dictinary that has color information
2521: Remainder of the string.  Returns an empty if it is not valid input, otherwise returns last character from left side .   It handles parent
2522: This function is used to extract the PSI method and its associated parameters from an input dictionary.  It also handles any special cases where keys are not
2523: Add concords and counts of two lists.  Returns new list with sums/averages etc.. .   # TODO : add docstring to explain
2524: Check if the given object has shared access.  If it does, return True; otherwise false or None .   Code snippet used to check
2525: "Returns the status of an account with given id"	, …	} .get()} else return None }. 		return mapping[id
2526: Creates greeting message. 	Inputs : Name, Output - Greetings string . Example of usage is 'ciao("
2527: Calculates the corrected atmospherically refracted light angle.  The input is an approximation of atmosphic refraciton and太阳高度
2528: This function takes in two users and their mutual friends' records. It returns the pair of these pairs after performing an operation on them to get new user
2529: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the value associated with each key. The output is then joined into one string separated by spaces
2530: Parses SLURM job outputs into dictionary records with column headers as keys and their respective data points from the same row of input text file or
2531: Convert speed from miles per hour to kilometers/hour using the conversion factor of .067; returns converted value in kmh"
2532: Format the URI. 	Inputs : Namespace and Value . Returns Formatted string of Uri	. Example -> <http://example/test
2533: Increments the weight of an item j in list.  The new weighted average is calculated as ((item number)*weight)/total items count . If
2534: Convert decimal number to binary. 	Inputs : Decimal Number, Output - Binary representation of the input in string format . Example
2535: Calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. The function takes six parameters representing coordinates of each point and returns their respective distances from one
2536: Generates an XML representation of the graph using left and central nodes with optional maximum line length set by user or default to 79 characters if not
2537: checks if all elements of the list/array is same. If yes, returns true else false .   [Hint : use 'in' keyword
2538: Compare two elements in the list based on their value.  If they are equal return False else True .  	Return true if first element is greater
2539: Convert the given number of micrometers to meters.	Inputs are in microseconds, outputs will be converted into meter units .  1
2540: Convert degrees minutes seconds to decimal degree format .   Code : dms_to__decimal() function converts the input in Degrees Minutes
2541: Finds the version of an entity. If it'll be modified, created or added to datebase then returns that else raises error if none is
2542: Get TOML value from nested dictionary/object using dot notation string as the key name in python . This function is used by other functions
2543: Defines the function f = g + h. Code is to be used in conjunction with another piece of software that defines functions w and z . The
2544: This function filters out any None values from the given 'list' of dictionaries. It then adds two new keys to each dictionary - "id"
2545: Sorts the keys and values of an input dictionary by their natural order using Python' builtin function .sort() 	and returns it as another
2546: Check if two given positions collides with each other. 1 means they do not intersect at all; otherwise it returns the distance from one rectangle to
2547: Check if the string s contains any duplicate characters. If so, return False; otherwise True 	Input/Output Example : Input -> "abc
2548: Compute reward based on the difference between current and target position. If at least one of them is negative or positive then return +/- .7 else
2549: Check if the given string represents an IP address or CIDR notation of one part, ie., it's either IPv4 formatting and
2550: Returns the world Region based on provided ID. 0 is US, any number greater than or equal to one but less then three corresponds with EU .
2551: Normalizes the input string to lowercase and removes all spaces from it if present, returns 'None' otherwise – [10 points] .
2552: Returns the number of rows and columns needed to display 'number' plots.  If there are more than one row or column required then it will return
2553: Get the case solution from NEms PD Case file.  If it doesn't exist, return none . Otherwise returns 'CASE SOL
2554: Adds source to the system. 	Parameters : url of OS and KIBANA server , Default URL where data is coming from . F
2555: Convert the given input to boolean value . This function is used when we need an object that can be either true or false, but it'
2556: Convert attribute name from python to xml attr names 1/3 of the time, and vice versa .  0% if not in either category
2557: This function returns the coordinates of where on screen to place an object based off its current location in relation with another one . The parameters are relative positions between
2558: Returns the list of user ID'S from given dictionary object "data". ... def get_userinfo(): ...
2559: Returns True if the given string starts with "CC" followed by at least one character, otherwise False  . The length of input should be more than
2560: This function takes as input an iterable of strings and returns the same type, but with each string stripped from leading/trailing whitespace characters
2561: Check if the reaction multiplication is equal in both reactants and products.  If so, return true; otherwise false .   [code snippet
2562: Returns the input value 'x' but only when it is greater than two, otherwise returns zero or default to be returned as per the language standard .
2563: Returns the color associated with given copy number variation type.  If no match is found it returns black by default .   ## Code : return -
2564: Calculates the JACCARD similarity index between two nodes in networkx graph structure .   Code is used to calculate and return an integer value representing
2565: This function calculates the probability of an event occurring.  It is used to calculate probabilities in various contexts, such as calculating confidence intervals and performing hypothesis
2566: Remove parameters from the list of AWS CloudFormation resources.  This function takes two lists as input - one with keys and another containing actual parameter objects
2567: This function calculates the fractional height and width of an image given its aspect ratio. It uses binary search to find suitable values within some constraints on
2568: Returns unique treatments from the given set of lodders' treatment data .  [Takes as input an array/list with each element being another arrays
2569: Calculates the minimum energy of all three isotopes in eV and returns it as output .  The input parameters are mass fractions [m]
2570: Returns the levels of an electric field.  If it exists then returns that else creates one with default values [starting level=1 , ending value
2571: Parses string input to boolean values and numbers respectively .  If the provided argument can't convert it into either type then throws an error message
2572: Get the Google project id from user managed google cloud services account email address .  If not found, return none  	. Input : User Manage Service
2573: A callback function to handle methods that are not defined in the class but can be accessed via __getattr__(name).  This allows you define custom
2574: Returns true if the user has answered yes to special extraordinary expenses. Otherwise returns false or None .  [10 points] ...[END OF
2575: Generates the list of samples to be used as input into labeling function – one per worker and image pair .   -> [0..
2576: Handle HTML content.  If the requested attribute does not exist in html element then return an empty string . -->"<!--/def
2577: Clean punctuations from text data – remove common types of characters like ., ! and ? to improve the readability or accuracy on machine learning
2578: Checks if the given path is an HDFS (.HF).  Returns True when it's . h df, otherwise False/None
2579: Convert Python expression to JavaScript equivalent  Code Snippets : Converts python expressions into their corresponding javascript equivalents .   Example usage -> print
2580: Computes the scalar product of two 4D vectors. The result is returned as an integer value .   [END SUMMARY].    "dot
2581: Sanity check and clean up the path string in case it contains invalid characters or starts/ends with ".", remove them if any exist .  Return
2582: Calculates the distance between two junctions in terms of their distances from each other. If one junction is at ‘zero’ position then it returns
2583: Removes all whitespaces from the input string 'Text'. 	Inputs -> String, Output => Returns modified version of Text with no spaces
2584: This function reformats the given input string by replacing HTML tags with equivalent Markdown formatting, if any exist in it; otherwise returns original unmod
2585: Reduce an inputted degree to the nearest multiple of three times one. If it is negative, return positive equivalent by adding or subtracting from .
2586: This function takes in the name of an input text or json files and returns two names that are used to store reference punctuation data as well restored
2587: This function takes in string of comma separated values and returns the first part .  Code is used to extract id from given input strings which are usually returned
2588: Get the id from google drive shareable links . This function takes in an url and returns its corresponding file or folder's unique identifier on
2589: Returns true if the given package or module matches with provided one. 	Parameters : Name of Package/Module to match against , Command Line argument passed
2590: Convert Python namespace to C++ style namespaces  .e..g., 'numpy' -> '_NUMPY'.  ```
2591: Returns the minimum and maximum x &amp;#40;&lt;/3&gt;" coordinates of given set"  . "of points in
2592: Returns 0 if the point is inside unit circle, otherwise returns -9. If there are multiple points with same distance from origin return closest one to
2593: This function is used to generate the hVAC operation based on temperature setpoint and current room temperatures in an air conditioner system . The controller will
2594: Calculates the integration time of an animation.  The number and type parameters are used to calculate how long it takes from one group's start until
2595: Override the least significant bits of an Integer. If 'overriding' is set to True then it will replace all other digits in binary
2596: Calculates the centroid of an element with coordinates elemCoord in 9D space, given as input parameter . The result is returned by function
2597: Returns the list of unique parameters from query string, ignoring case and leading/trailing whitespace  .   Parameters are split by ','
2598: Remove all the consonants from string.  Return only those letters that are present as both lowercase and upper case versions of any letter found at
2599: Generates the difference between two lists of metadata columns.  The result is another list with all unique elements from both input arrays that are not present elsewhere
2600: Convert string format to bytes. For example, "KB", returns the number of kilobytes; or just an integer like in case it is
2601: Substitute variables in an expression with their corresponding values from the dictionary 'dict' .  If there are more than two substitutions to be
2602: Trim leading/trailing quotes from string or list of strings; if the input is not enclosed within any quote type return it as such without
2603: Subtracts two vectors. 	Input : Two lists of numbers or floats . Output = Vector subtraction result as list	. Example [
2604: This function converts the level parameter to an integer. It scales up or down by rounding off and then converting it into integers using python's
2605: Create an array of colors based on the value. 0 is black, and each number represents different shades in color from dark to light reds."
2606: Calculates the factor by which one particle's radius must be increased to make it intersect with another in order not only of distance but also on angle
2607: Parses the given list of vulnerabilities into an appropriate format suitable to be consumed by our front end application's UI components – ie
2608: Convert seconds to samples. 	Input : t in sec.,rate . Output is the number of sample points at given sampling frequency	. Example
2609: Returns True if the given package id matches any of apps listed within an application info dictionary . If no match found returns False; otherwise it checks
2610: Interpolates between two error values based on the probability of each value.  The function takes four arguments and returns one output argument which is an approximation
2611: Moves the block of blocks from one location to another.  Returns list with two operations - "GET" and then put back in its original place
2612: Check if the file has DXF format. Returns True or false based on whether it's binary dxffile . Return true only when filename
2613: Generates the filename of results file.  The format is target, spectrum and time range with energy limits in .txt files extension."   [END
2614: Round up to nearest multiple of . Code.defrounds the given number 'n' towards positive infinity, and returns an integer that is greater than
2615: Remove all non alphanumeric characters and underscores from the input string.  This is used to ensure that only valid file names are processed
2616: Parses an integer within the specified range. If not in given ranges returns 'default'.  [code snippet].   .    if
2617: Returns the name of an object.  If no such attribute exists it returns None .   It is used to extract file names from paths and directories in
2618: Returns the maximum length of two strings. If one string's character count exceeds another by more than 10%, it returns that as an integer
2619: Extracts the id from Google Sheet' URL using regular expression matching  .   Regex pattern is used to find and return google sheet document
2620: Split the URL into owner and project name on GitHub, if possible; otherwise return original input as is 	Inputs : string ->
2621: Convert an integer to its corresponding ASCII letter. 0 corresponds with A, and so on up until Z which is represented by the character "Y
2622: Check if the input is one of “one”, two to nine and zero. If yes then return True else False . Code checks whether an
2623: Scales the boundig box by given factor.  Returns new coordinates of top left and bottom right corners in same format as input but with scaling applied
2624: Find the path of markers within an input string.  Returns empty if no marker is found or more than one exists, otherwise returns full paths as
2625: Concatenates two numbers and returns the result.  The number of digitis is determined by n or m . If both are same then it
2626: Generates Fortan boolean value. Inputs : bool -> Output is the corresponding .f90 string representation of input python
2627: This Python script defines an empty 'extra domain filters' method that does nothing but return None, which might belong somewhere else depending on its context and purpose
2628: Convert the integer to matesaba index. 0 is considered as -∞, and nth power of two greater than or equal zero corresponds
2629: Convert the given Binary number to Decimals.	Inputs : A string of digits representing an integer in base two . Output - The
2630: Convert the given file system paths. This function takes as input an absolute or relative filesystem Path, converts it to its canonical form if necessary
2631: Convert the given RGB value to an integer. If any of them is out range [16#89], return None; otherwise returns clamped
2632: Convert timestamp to text.  This function is used in the postgresql connection pooling process, where we need convert all timestamps into string format
2633: Normalizes the data to have zero means and unit variance.  This is done by subtracting each value in 'x' from its respective column average
2634: This function calculates the alpha and beta parameters of an exponential distribution. It takes three arguments which are minimum value , maximum values & means respectively . The
2635: Returns list of faculty members from the given editor dictionary array – only if they are not faculties themselves .  1st line is always '
2636: Returns the length of binary representation. For example, if you call `getBinLen` with argument '3', it will return "4"
2637: Returns the width of an image in pixels. The function takes as input n, which is assumed to be some number and returns four times that value minus
2638: Convert string to day seconds from hours, minutes and/or secs format . e..g "48" => 9 days ,  7 h
2639: Adds an element into the dictionary if it doesn't exist or updates existing elements based on their values.  Returns updated dict .   Input is
2640: Convert the input to an Integer if it's not already one; otherwise return False .  If conversion isn’t possible due either of two reasons
2641: Parses metadata descriptions into dictionary of column names and their corresponding values as sets, separated by ',' .  For example "columnA : value
2642: This function converts the first letter of each word in an input string to uppercase and returns it as output, except if that character is also capital
2643: Calculates the ratio of two numbers. If one number is greater or equal to another then it returns none else return calculated value  Code snippet
2644: Get credentials from keyword arguments and return them as dictionary with optional parameters set to default values if not provided in the input .  [...]   ###
2645: Returns the coordinates of top left or bottom right point in relation to its parent's size. For example if you have an image with dimensions x by
2646: This function takes two arguments and returns the difference between them as well an additional dictionary with some constants used in calculation . The first argument is subtracted from
2647: Transform the input string into an emoticon version of it using underscores as separators 	Example Inputs and Output :	"I love
2648: This function takes an input of the form 'os family os version' and returns lowercase path to that OS .  For example, if you call
2649: A function to calculate the cube root of an input number 'X'. If cubic is possible then return it else raise error "Incorrect Answer
2650: Convert the given list of columns to an integer. The first character represents row number, second one is used as index within that particular rows and so on
2651: Get the base step of an image. Returns information about one or more steps in your Dockerfile."} 	def set_(self)(key
2652: Checks if the given directory name contains any of our predefined list. If it does, then we know that an automatic creation has been triggered
2653: This function checks if an element is alive and its neighbors. If it's dead but has three live neighbouring cells then the cell dies else returns
2654: Calculates the weighted distance between two vectors. The function takes three arguments; one vector and another to calculate distances from it with respect their respective 've
2655: A function that calculates the maximum possible value of an array by choosing elements from it one at time.  The algorithm is based on Greedily
2656: Parses the start of an array. Returns index if valid, -1 otherwise .	Inputs : Byte value , Output is Index in Array
2657: This function takes as input the output of an SVM model' s prediction method . It returns whether it is possible to predict with high confidence that one
2658: Check if the given address is valid. 1 -> Valid, else invalid .  0 or N => Not found in database , otherwise not null
2659: Convert minutes to hours or fractions of an hour if the value is greater than .49, else return zero fraction/zero time period in decimal
2660: Remove the <documentation><text /> <\/ document > tags from an XML string .  This is useful when you want to remove these unnecessary elements
2661: Convert WikiPedia POS tag to Finnish Part of Speech. 0/1 input, output is always one character long string
2662: Validates the length of inputted string and checks if it contains at least one uppercase letter, lower case letters & digits – all required
2663: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from json string 	Input : JSON object, Output = Cleaned Json String without any extra white space at the
2664: Calculates the percentage of predictions that match expectations. If no matches exist return zero%.   [END SUMMARY].    Code snippet to test
2665: Check if the given longitude/longitudes are within an area defined by two points.  The function returns true only when all coordinates fall inside or
2666: Find the padding required to apply dillation and kernal in convolution. This is calculated by finding out how much space we need between our input
2667: Convert lengths to ASCII characters. 1 character = 3 bits/pixel on the screen and one pixel is equal as large of an object that
2668: Convert bounding boxes from normalized coordinates to YOLO format. ...		    return the converted values as tuple of four elements in order left center
2669: Find the first empty cell on given game of life. If no such cells exist return zeroes as coordinates . This function takes an array representing our
2670: Compare two version numbers. Returns an integer indicating the comparison result (-/+  /= ^). If both are equal return zero; if 'b'
2671: This function pads sequences to the length of longest sequence. It uses padding token as place holder and replaces shorter ones with it until they reach maximum possible
2672: Convert Python strings to Fortan 90 formatting rules, ie., double quotes and escape sequences are converted into the corresponding FORTRAN syntax
2673: This function splits the string into two parts at each character except first and last.  It returns one part of input as output, which is then
2674: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2675: This function takes in an input of type str and returns the same output as bracket matching. It uses recursion to find nested parentheses within
2676: This function rounds up the given address to nearest multiple of alignment value .  For example if we have an array [10 ,34] and
2677: This function will print "shutdown" and return true. It is used to stop the execution of program or system when called by user input in command
2678: Calculates the Chebycheff distance between two points. This function calcula... [END]""" ) ]], [ "
2679: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the same dictionary but with all values sorted.  The keys are kept intact .
2680: Generates list of unique blocks from the given 'hashes' inputted as strings – one per line . The order will be preserved and duplic
2681: Generates and returns string representation based on input parameters to define how much space is padded at each end when performing convolution operation in tensorflow/ker
2682: This function calculates the model 4 output of an input value 'v' based on its linearity and logarithmic nature in relation to another parameter
2683: Defines the function to calculate average of numbers stored as list on python 3 .'s version is : 'mean': calculates and returns an
2684: Counts the number of dots and semicolons. – Code counts how many times "." appears as well, but only if it is
2685: This function calculates the value of Damping factor. If no input parameter provided then it returns default one else return calculated based on given parameters .
2686: This function filters the range of numbers between two given points with an optional step. If no value is provided then it defaults to 1 if negative or
2687: Defines an addition function.  Adds two numbers together if they are positive or returns zero otherwise .   "add" is the name of that
2688: Generates an unique id from the attributes of any object.  The hash function used to generate it uses recursion until all properties are processed or reach
2689: Fixes the coordinates of an object.  If no coordinate list provided then returns none . Otherwise it fixes and return fixed coordianted values as t
2690: Calculates the fitness of an individual based on their distance from origin. 	Inputs : dict with keys "origin" and 'destination'
2691: Create and return new annotation object with the given parameters. 	Parameters are user id b ,annotation data in list format . Returns newly created annotated
2692: Removes duplicate characters from the string and returns new one with all duplicates removed, preserving order of original sequence but keeping count as well .  For
2693: This function takes two strings as input and returns the substrings between matching pairs of characters from both inputs if they are found consecutively otherwise it raises an
2694: Check if the attribute has all required properties.  Returns True or False based on whether it is an asynchronous function call to getattr() with @
2695: Returns the inverse of an input number, a in radians to degrees conversion function .   Code is used when converting angles from one unit system or
2696: Checks if the given coordinates are within valid cell in 4D space.	Input : Point Coordinates of Cell , Grid Size . Output -
2697: reverses the binary representation of an integer. For example, if n = 3; return value should be '0b' + bit string in opposite
2698: Get the token from results. If it exists return that otherwise returns none .  [10 points] ...[END OF SUMMARY].
2699: This function calculates the modulus of summation by eleven. It is used to validate credit card numbers and other similar identification codes such as IME
2700: Generates all the distinct pairings of elements from two lists that are equal to each other within one list but different values across another .  The result
2701: This function takes an English verb as input and returns the corresponding plurality form of that verv, e..g., 'walk' ->
2702: Convert Celsuis to Rankin scale using the formula of conversion from cesiuus degree .to rankining degrees and vice versa,
2703: Checks if the given number or string represents positive integer. This function returns true only when input parameter 'is' an actual, nonnegative
2704: A function that performs the Caesar Cipher on an alphabetical string. It shifts each character by "shift" places to right and wraps around
2705: A function to calculate the Fibo sequence upto 'N' terms. The first two numbers in series are always zero and one, then each
2706: Returns the maximum value in column ‘y’ of given list. If there are multiple maxima, returns one at random from them." ---
2707: Generates unique names based on the input parameters. If name is less than 4 characters long it returns as default else if ends with ':', /
2708: Removes the 'version' key from JSON dictionary. – [Optional] If you have any other information, mention it here as well and make
2709: Code that dilates the input number. The function takes an integer as argument and returns its double in binary representation, by shifting bits to left twice then
2710: Returns True if the given 'words' list contains an exact match of inputted string. Otherwise returns False . 	Inputs : A single character
2711: Convert string to boolean - True if 'True' / False otherwise else return the original input  Code snippet used by other functions/methods that
2712: Calculates the difference between room and radiator temperatures in Kelvin to get heating power consumption of an appliance or device .  	Inputs
2713: Returns the position of character in its corresponding row on an ASCII table, considering only lowercase letters from 'a' to z'. If char is
2714: This function returns the neighbouts of given node from an adjacency list representation .  It takes two parameters - number and edges as input which are
2715: This function returns the URL to search Indeed using job title and geographical area as parameters  .  	Example usage :get url("software engineer",
2716: Convert list to dictionary.  Converts the first element from each sublist into its second value and stores them as keys with their corresponding values stored
2717: Convert time period in seconds to hours, minutes and remaining second.	Input : Time Period as integer or float number of Second . Output = Hour
2718: Check if the input can be converted to an integer.  If so, return true; otherwise false . This function will help in validating user
2719: Create and return dictionary of lowercase to original string mapping from input list/array 'Unities'.  This function is used as an alias, converting
2720: Remove backticks and newline characters from the input string 	Example usage :sanity_check('Hello, World!\r\nt
2721: Parses wire instructions into list of tuples with direction and number to move along that axis .  For example "R10", ("
2722: Convert an object to its equivalent in Python. If the input type of 'object' already has elements inside it then return as given else convert into one
2723: Convert RGB to packed integer format used by the SNES Color LCD controller's palette memory . The colors are scaled down from full range of red
2724: Transform the coordinates of xy to be in Alaska style . The transformation is done by scaling and shifting values according with specific rules defined above..
2725: Remove key from dictionary by name  Code snippet to be used with the function above and explain its purpose .   Example usage : {'a':
2726: A function to calculate the least common multiple of two numbers.  It uses an iteration method that starts from smallest number and keeps adding smaller until it finds
2727: A function that converts list of strings to dictionary where each string is mapped with an unique integer.  The first element has the index zero and incre
2728: Get multline comments from the given input and return them as list of strings . This function is used to extract all multi line comment blocks found
2729: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2730: Extract the domain part of an email address.  For example, given "user@example" it will return 'exampe'.
2731: Returns the number of trials to be performed per job. If there are not enough jobs available then it will return zero as no trial is done in such
2732: Convert linear scale to ordinal. 1 is the smallest unit of measurement and n represents largest possible value in x . For example if you have data
2733: Calculates the mobility of an agent in terms φ.	Inputs : phi -> the probability distribution function ,gamma =>the rate
2734: Returns all the values in 'tuples' within an interval defined by two numbers.  The function takes three parameters - list of tuple pairs and
2735: This function replaces all tabs with four spaces.  It does not modify non-\tab characters, and it leaves other special symbols intact .
2736: This function checks if the given URL can be accessed or not by sending an HTTP request to it and checking its response's httpStatus Code –
2737: Returns the list of cells that are reachable from cell at row/column. The function considers only four directions ie up , down left right .
2738: Filters out empty bounding boxes in the input ROIDB.  This is done by checking if "empty" or not, and then removing
2739: This function splits the input string into two substrings based on ":" character and returns second part of it as well  .   [Example :
2740: Compute the minimum and maximum coordinates of all points within an array.  This is used to compute bounds on data that has been resized or otherwise
2741: Returns the character at position 'pos'. If there is no such place then it returns .  if two markers are present return error.   #
2742: Controls the game mode of pictures/control – returns 'picture' if in picture, otherwise return default to start new round .   ->
2743: Compute the output of an operation based on two inputs and return it as float between [min=[maximum value], maximum = minimum] range
2744: Returns departure information about the specified stop. The returned object contains details of departing buses on Palmar beach from given time and stops id .
2745: Returns the lowest 'n' bits of number "x". This is equivalent to masking with bitwise AND operation. The result will be in binary
2746: Convert RGB to HEX. Code that converts an input of three integers from the range [o ,  7] into its equivalent hexadec
2747: Rotates the binary representation of an integer by 'shift' places to left. The result is returned as another number in its original format . For example
2748: Checks if the given 'action' on an empty game of chess. Returns True when it matches with size^3 else False . If not
2749: Returns the resource supplied by button. If no such resources exist then it returns an empty dictionary .   Code snippet : `def supply
2750: Convert time in Seconds to Days 	Input : Time In Secounds Output = Converted days .  1 Day = 3,789
2751: Returns the configuration of retrying with an unlimited limit.  The policy to always try again after each failed attempt .   Type : Function , Parameters
2752: This function takes in location as input and returns the city name along with its state from that given string of text using "\r\ncity, country
2753: This function calculates the value of an object after being decays over time.  The 'time' it takes to reach full effect is determined by
2754: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence upto 'N'. The number of terms is limited by Python's recursion limit,
2755: This function returns the full file name of an image in ceph.io based on given CEP and format .jpg or png etc
2756: This function takes in data from the game and formats it into an AI can use.  It returns one line of formatted input to be used by our
2757: Count the number of lattice points within circle with center at point [`.center()[i]/self._scale*36:.4f
2758: Create an issue search results JSON object. This function takes in the list of all open GitHub Issues and returns them as json format with pagination
2759: Sorts the users list by their usernames. The output will be printed to console after execution of function call . This is done using Python'
2760: Returns the geometric mean of an array. If all elements in arr are less than 0 or greater then return none as it is not possible to calculate
2761: Returns the value of one element in an array. If index is odd then return first half else returns second part from mid point to end .
2762: Calculates the Intersecting Overlap Ratio between two rectangles.  The ratio of how much each rectangle overlaps with another to its total
2763: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2764: A function that filters out the given file extensions from list of filenames – one at time .py and all other types are ignored..
2765: Reads the header of an SQL Table and returns it as dictionary.  The keys are column names, values represent their respective data types .   For
2766: Calculates the total distance from origin to all points. 	Inputs : list of tuples or lists with two elements each representing an X
2767: This function merges the base dictionary with additional key value pair. The new merged dict is returned as output of method .  It takes two parameters -
2768: Returns the inverse of inputted list.  In Python, it returns an array with all elements negated from its original position to end .   For
2769: Get the name of an Android app's .aar file from its path, which is used as key in android build system to identify different bund
2770: Convert MIDI notes to numbers using the patch dictionary and reverse Diva's note names .  The result is list of tuples where
2771: Split up the work among threads. This function splits an iteration count into equal parts across multiple processes/thredds based on their assigned number
2772: Check if two strings are equivalent modulus digts.  If they have the same characters in different orders or with extra/missing character then return
2773: A recursive function to calculate the product of two integers. It uses addition operation until it reaches zero and returns resultant value which is then multiplied
2774: Parses the URL to extract post request's body content from it and returns two values - parsed part of Url & Post Data . If
2775: Parses the given string into an appropriate bookmark query based on its content, if it'll be used to fetch data from cryptocurrency
2776: Returns the regex pattern based on provided filter and ID list.  If no input, returns an empty string .   The function takes two parameters - '
2777: Checks if the string 'S' has any word in it that matches with given pattern/string "W". If yes then returns True else False
2778: checks if the given list of strings is unique or not – ie, no two different elements are repeated within it . If yes then returns true
2779: {int(''.join([i if i.isdigit() else ''for 	in html]))}\""+\n'>
2780: Fixes the output of an operation. If no argument given it returns nothing; if another one exists then combines them with current result in case they are
2781: Returns the sum of all numbers less than 'n' that are divisible by either three nor five. The function uses recursion to find these values
2782: Get the publish token of npm registry based on given name .  e..g, if input is 'myapp', it will return myApp
2783: Multiply the input number by 1.67 and return an integer result with lower bits as zeroes truncated . This function is used
2784: Convert an IS0 language to its corresponding six character two letter representation. If the input is unknown, raise error message with details about what was provided as
2785: Checks if string 'pat' is contained within the given input sequence of characters "str". If so returns true; otherwise false or number indicating how
2786: Generates trial data.  The function is used to generate the initial set of trials that will be run by HyperOpt' algorithm .   It
2787: Convert pixels per square meter.   .    Converts an area from ppi or dots/inch based on given screen size and returns it as
2788: A function that generates an identity matrix of size 'size' x ‘Size’ . The first row is filled with ones and the rest are z
2789: A function to limit the value of an input within specified range.  If outside limits return minimum or maximum respectively .   [clamps]   1
2790: Wraps an angle to the range [−π,+π] . If it is outside of that interval ,it will be wrapped around.
2791: This function calculates and returns position of an object in downward range.  The input parameters are distance from which we want to calculate , speed at
2792: Splits the string into substrings at each occurrence of specified separator. If there are multiple occurrences then splitted strings will be joined
2793: Create lists of contents from the given data.  If both 'headers' &amp; '_data['header'] exists then it will create list with
2794: Calculates the distance between two points in space using their correlation coefficient and angle of separation as input parameters .  	Inputs : Two sets or vectors
2795: Convert HHMMSS to seconds, ignoring colon in the input string if present . If no value is provided return zero else returns converted time as
2796: Calculates the area of rectangle with base 'b' and height ‘h’. The formula used is b* h . This function takes two
2797: Extract and normalizes YANDEX profiles from the given dictionary of users' information .  The function returns an object with normalized fields like 'ids
2798: Compute the Jeffrey's prior distribution.  The parameters are as follows :	logit_transformed = logistic function of mean parameter
2799: Fixes the big drum by removing one of its two hit sounds. If there are no more than three different pitches at each position then it will
2800: Calculates the probability of an event. 	Inputs : Number, Output -> Float or Double . Returns probabilistic value representing how
2801: A function that takes an arbitrary number of posix style arguments. It returns two lists - one with the argument values passed to it from left side
2802: This function takes as input an array of contors and returns the list with all duplicates removed, preserving order from original .  The first time it
2803: Swap bytes in an integer. This function is used to reverse the byte order of integers, which are often stored as little endian on some machines
2804: Checks if the given "PayLoads".  The Pay load should contain at least one and no more than fifteen cards. Each of these must
2805: Convert an integer to the corresponding number in range  [-(N/2), N] .   ## Examples : -3 becomes (-
2806: Returns tags that are present but absent from the list of current ones.  This is useful when you want to add new or updated taggable entities
2807: Create and return dictionary with key "scenario" containing value of input parameter. This function is used to create scenarios in pytest test
2808: Convert the given Changeset object to dictionary. 	Inputs : A list of changesets, Output -> Dictionary with keys as change set
2809: Generates list of names from the given array/collection, separated by commas and joined with comma as separator  . Example : ["John",
2810: This function builds two dictionaries to map entities and relations from the given list of tuples into their respective ids – one dictionary maps each
2811: Compare two dictionaries based on specified keys.  If the dictionary has no key or any of its values are not equal to another one's value
2812: Check if the query result is empty. This function checks whether or not there are any binds in given dictionary object, and returns true when
2813: Builds the predefined tags and their values.  This function will be used to create an indexed search request that can then send data back
2814: Convert underscores to spaces, and hyphens into strings  Code is used as part of a larger function that takes an input string with both types
2815: Returns the derivative of hyperbolic tangent function. The input is an element in R^n, and returns one number which represents its value on output
2816: Convert HTML characters to safe strings, replacing " and < with &quot;" 	and > respectively . This function is used in the context of
2817: This function returns the URL of an OpenStreetMap tile at given x and Y coordinates with specified Zoom level .   [END]    Code
2818: Compare two version numbers as strings and return negative if the first is less than second; positive otherwise or zero when they are equal .   [END OF
2819: Finds the first element in list that is above given threshold. If not found returns None . Parameters are input array of integers 'value' to
2820: Checks if the given string is composed only of characters from 0 to F. If it's not, returns False; otherwise True .
2821: Returns the ASCII codes of each character in input string. 	Inputs -> str Output => List[int] . e..g.,
2822: Returns the unique ID of each USA Vehicle. The first two digits are used to identify different accounts and subsequent ones represent specific vehicles within
2823: Returns the index of first non repeating character. If no such char exists return "-". Code is used to find out which one among all alphab
2824: Calculates the absolute percentage error between two results. The formula used is actual result / foresee Result and then subtracts it from our initial value
2825: Convert string to integer in the format hhmmss into minutes since midnight, ie., convert "hh" hours and mm mins from input
2826: Implemented the naïve method of multiplying two matrices.  It's not efficient but it works fine and is easy to understand .
2827: A function to limit the value within specified range. – [1] .clamps values between two given numbers and returns them if they are in
2828: Remove empty bucketing datasets from the given JSON data.  This function will return updated version of inputted dictionary with all "non" dataset points removed
2829: Removes all whitespaces from the input.  It does not modify non space characters at start or end of strings .   Returns new cleaned up version
2830: Calculates the average of elements. 	Inputs : list, Output -> float .  1 element only if input is empty or not iter
2831: Removes the 'uncertain' key from an Exchange object. – Code to delete uncertainty attribute of exchanges if it exists, otherwise do nothing
2832: Calculates the square of an input radius.  If negative or zero, raises error message "Length is not valid". ...
2833: Invert the RGB values of an array. This function takes as input one list with tuples representing rgb, and returns another same length tuple
2834: Calculates the arithmetic mean of list elements. ... def median_and_mode():	pass # TODO implement function
2835: Defines the function fV that takes an input parameter 'X' and returns its square root, which is half of X times K . The value
2836: Checks if the first character of string `str` starts with any alphabetic letter, then checks that it'll be followed by one
2837: Convert K to farenheight using the formula of converting k into celsius and then convert it back in farhenhite scale .
2838: Skip the prediction if it's an output or input port, otherwise return true to indicate that we should proceed with its computation — ie
2839: Compute the scalar product of two vectors.  The result is computed by multiplying corresponding elements from both input lists and then adding up all these products
2840: Check if x can be called.  If it's not an object or its type doesn’t support calling then return false . Otherwise returns true
2841: Calculates the 4x4 matrix's deterimant. Code written in Python language using list comprehension and numpy library to calculate
2842: Convert 1st class object into equivalent of the second. If third argument exists then it will be used as default value if not provided by user or
2843: Reverse the digits of an integer. For example, if input is '348', then it should return '-67'. The
2844: Convert audio samples to time.  Input is an array of integers representing the raw PCM data and output will be in seconds as floating point number .
2845: Returns the key to use when accessing CephX groups in an API call, given its name .  e..g., cecn1
2846: Symbolizes the path of an object in python using dot notation to underscore it .  For example if you have 'a' as your main class
2847: Perform multiplication of two numbers.  Return the product as output .   [1pt]    Code : return "The Product is" + str
2848: Scales the given value within its source range to fit in between two destination ranges.  The function is used when you want your data values scaled down
2849: Compute the derivative of Zero Crossing Rate with respect to time.  The function takes as input parameters height bot and zero crossing speed at which
2850: Toggles between SHOWN/ Hidden sidebar.  If already shown then hides it else shows the hidden one back up again . Click
2851: Convert coordinate from meters to micrometers. If the input is one element long it converts into xy plane coordinates and if two elements then
2852: Get the road key from an object or its id if it exists, otherwise return empty string 	Inputs : Object/ID of WayPoint .
2853: Render log kwargs. 	Inputs : wrapped logger ,method name and an Event dictionary . Returns the rendered Log KWARGS
2854: This function retrieves the full name of an organism given its TaxID and maps from two dictionaries to return it as one string with all line
2855: Convert URL to name of the file or folder in current directory, if possible; otherwise return None – ```   .py : function that conver
2856: A function to calculate the sine series upto specified precision .  The input is an angle in radians and returns its corresponding value from cosine or
2857: Defines function to calculate the squared value of an input number.  It then prints out squares from two numbers using that defined method, one with
2858: Move the robot left by one unit. If it is at position l=0 then do nothing and return same location as before . Otherwise decrement
2859: This function extracts additional data from the given dataset list and returns it as dictionary format – key is name of file, value associated with that filename
2860: A function to generate the first 'N' numbers of Fibonacci sequence. The initial two elements are preloaded as zero and one respectively
2861: Check if the input string has at least one digit 	True/False based on whether it includes digits or not .   True -> '
2862: Sorts the list of lists by each sublists.  For example, [10 ,3] will be sorted to [[6],[-8
2863: Returns True if the index is out of bounds. Otherwise returns False . 	Inputs : Pack Index and Maximum Bounds	. Output ->
2864: This function takes in an input line and returns whether it contains any bad strings or not, indicating if the text should be stopped at that point based on
2865: Replace all non alphanumeric characters with hyphens in the string, but leave spaces and special symbols intact 	Example usage : "
2866: Check if the given dictionary contains any of 'acc' flags and keys to enable/disable Accelarated BLAS operations  Summary : Enable or
2867: This function splits the input string into separate slides based on hyphen characters, and returns them as list of strings .  It also removes leading/
2868: Invert the first four elements of an array. The last element is always zero and it's not used here but can be considered as part if
2869: Convert the given offset to its equivalent in bytes.  If it's greater than or equal, return as is; otherwise convert into negative and subt
2870: Convert the first 6 characters of an ID to upper case. If it is not possible, return "Invalid" or None if there are less than
2871: This function calculates the modeled value of an object given its initial condition and some other parameters based on linear interpolation between two points in space with
2872: A function to calculate the sum of an exponential series with given coefficients and power values .  The input is two lists one containing cofficients , another list
2873: Calculates the standard deviation of an array x .   [code snippet not provided, but it's clear that we are calculating and returning
2874: This function pads the sequence with '-' until it matches its length.  It is used to ensure that all sequences are of equal or nearly same lengths
2875: Checks if two sets of attributes are equal.  Returns True or False depending on the equality between them . If they're not same size then
2876: Returns true if the request is paginated. Otherwise false or None . If not defined returns null/undefined state of object; otherwise checks whether
2877: Transform glob patterns into regex expressions – one per file in the given list of files/directories to be processed by finder tool, which
2878: Get the array's element at given coordinates. If out of bounds return None; otherwise returns an integer representing one pixel in pixels per unit size grid
2879: Calculates the number of times an element with value ‘3’ appears consecutively. The trajectory is assumed to be list where each sublist contains
2880: Defines the function f. The input is two parameters and returns an output value based on some mathematical formulae .   [...]    It's
2881: Remove the underlines from string.  This is used to clean up strings that have been stripped of their formatting, but are still left with
2882: Normalizes the input string by removing leading and trailing wildcard characters (*).  If there is no character after '*.', it returns an empty
2883: Get the next available measurement id.  If it doesn't exist yet then return that ID else increment and try again until an unused one is found
2884: Create and return the dictionary of headers.  This function is used to create an object that contains all necessary information about each row in dataframe, which
2885: Returns Alice's public key.  Code snippet to generate the corresponding private one if needed .  	Input parameters are as follows : A
2886: Check if the string is in hexadecimal color format – #RRGGBB or RGBA, where RR GGR BBB
2887: Convert the input to an array of lists. If already in form return as it was otherwise convert into one dimensional arrays . This function will be
2888: Cancel the running job on given endpoint 	Inputs : Host of server to connect with . Output - URL string that can be used in HTTP
2889: Returns True if the hand contains 10 or more of each distinct card, False otherwise .	Input : list[Card] -> bool
2890: A function that converts binary string to bit representation. It returns the list of individual digits representing each byte as an integer value from least significant digit
2891: Checks if the string contains only ASCII characters. This function returns true when inputted with an asynchronous iterable, otherwise false will
2892: Implement the SARSA algorithm to learn an optimal policy.  The function takes as input current state and action values table 'q', next possible
2893: Convert binary string to integer.	Inputs : Binary String Output -> Integer Conversion of the inputted bitstring into an equivalent decimal number
2894: Calculates the percentage of responses that were classified as 'satisfactory' or more favorable. This is used in conjunction with other metrics to gauge satisfaction level
2895: Returns the URL of an address in common crawler'S bucket .  The input is assumed to be valid and complete, ie., it should
2896: Checks if the string contains only ASCII characters.  Returns True or False accordingly .   [0, ord('~')] inclusive range of
2897: Extends the phycheremic index with another one if it's not empty and returns extended dictionary otherwise return initial dict .  This function
2898: This function takes in an input string and returns the last part of it after splitting by '-' character, which is assumed to be used as type identifier
2899: 返回指定类型的内容协商字符串。如果没有提供类型，则默认为通用格式（' *
2900: Computes the derivative of legendre polynomials. The function takes four parameters and returns three values that are derived from them using numerical methods to compute derivatives in
2901: A dictionary of triggers that will fire every second. This is used to create an event trigger in the database and it's called once per minute by
2902: Convert the given DNA sequence Motivation to regular expression.  For each nucleotide, it converts them into . , { } or ()
2903: Computes the Hankel transform of an array using coefficients from third order polynomial approximation to sinusoidal waves in time domain . The input is assumed
2904: Check if the given string 's' reads same backward as forward. 	True or False . If yes, return True else false	. Code sn
2905: Generates the difference between two dictionaries.  If keys exist only on one dictionary they are not included as differences and vice versaCodes to be
2906: Check if the given passphrases are anagrams of each other by sorting and comparing them in lexicographical order, then checking whether
2907: Check if the input string can be interpreted as an ONLY pretty table. 0f ASCII characters only, no special symbols or whitespace allowed
2908: Transposes the given 3D Tensor g .  	Example : if input is [[1,0], [4 ,7] ] then
2909: Check if the reference windows overlap.  If they do then return false otherwise true .   "overlap" means that at least one of them starts
2910: Check if the input files are .GIFTI images or not  Inputs : List of image file names Output -> True/False based on
2911: Checks if two strings are one edit distance apart. 1 Edit Distance means you can insert/delete or replace character into the string to make
2912: Returns the equivalent of an inputted degree in terms on one line, either as positive or negative value depending upon whether it is less than zero (->
2913: Returns the center of an axis aligned bounding rectangle. The input is expected to be in pixel coordinates and returns it as tuple with two elements representing X
2914: Extracts the middle part of string. 	Input : str, Output -> extracted substring from input .str is expected to be in
2915: This function creates non instance data to be used during the training of machine learning models using given input dictionaries as inputs and their corresponding labels/types or
2916: Returns the quantization factor of an integer or float number, which is used to scale down numbers in a zoomed view by keeping only enough information without
2917: Fixes the video resolution to match another. If one dimension is larger than others then it will scale down otherwise up in both dimensions respectively and return new
2918: This function converts an integer to its corresponding binary representation in the form of three elements. For example, if we call `one hot encode` with
2919: This function returns the minimum and maximum values of three given numbers.  Code by [Your Name] on date[Date].  	Examples:[
2920: Checks if one list of elements are subset/subsequence.  If the first element matches and it's last position then return true else false
2921: Raise the mask to power of 1/n. If n is not provided then return original data array with no changes made if it's
2922: Calculates the dimension of an adiabsent object. 	Inputs : gamma , Supernova parameter and Temperature . Returns Dimension
2923: Get the value of 'Row' from input data.  If not found, try to get it by other keys like `rows` or  `number
2924: A function to generate the nth number of Fibo sequence. If 'f' is not provided then it will return first two numbers from series
2925: Merge two dictionaries into one dictionary by replacing values from second dictof the firstdic to be equal with those ofthesecond .  If
2926: Returns the integer part of k to power -i. If modulo is zero then returns one and if it's odd return negative ones else positive
2927: Returns the closest value within an interval.  If n is less than any of our bounds it will return that bound and if greater then returns other one
2928: Check if every element of the first list is present as substring within another.  If so return true else false .   [10 points]
2929: A function that converts the input into an integer or floating point number. If it's not possible to convert, returns original string as is .
2930: Convert the given coordinate to be within bounds of an array.  For example if we have [3x4]. The function will return back into range
2931: A function to calculate the Factorial of an integer. If negative number is passed then it raises domain error else if zero returns one otherwise calculates and
2932: This function returns the genomic type of an inputted DNA sequence based on its prefixes .  If it is E1 or similar, then return
2933: Parses version number string into three integers separated by dots and returns them in order as tuples . e..g., '1' becomes
2934: Convert an integer to ratio.  If the input value can't convert into fractional part of any number then it will raise error else return as
2935: Filter out the RESPONSE object that contains data with state as "RESERVED" – only return those objects which are not.
2936: Create an animation function.  Animation is the name of any object or action to be animated and its length in seconds as input parameters . The output
2937: Converts an array of vectors into one vector.  Vectors are concatenated along the last dimension by default, but can be changed with
2938: This function calculates the maximum repititions needed to reach or exceed an object's desired endurance in minutes using given weights and rest periods .
2939: Configures the SMB share.  This function is used to configure an SAMBA server and its shared folder settings in DTool' config file
2940: Convert dashing style to textual representation. 1/4 of the time, it converts dashed lines into solid ones and so on... .
2941: A function that clips the input to be within given range.  If outside of bounds it returns either end value if inside or middle point otherwise .
2942: Returns the value of one if positive, zero or negative. If input is not valid then raises an error message "invalid" .   ## Code
2943: Defines functions to test if values are between two other numbers with tolerance and checks whether the value itself isn't NaN .  If not specified
2944: This function checks if the state of buildings is correct based on given conditions and returns true/false accordingly – it's used to check whether all
2945: Returns the intersection of two lists. 	Inputs : Two List[int/float]. Output -> Intersection between these inputted Lists
2946: Rotates the bits of x to its left by 'c' places. The number is treated as an unsigned integer and uses only four bytes per word
2947: This function calculates the cost of shipping based on weight and distance, using Gross Pounds per Inch as input parameters A . The formula is
2948: Evaluates polynomial at point. If input isn't list or tuples convert it to one element array with the same value and then evaluate
2949: Normalizes GO identifiers to start with 'GO:' if they don't already do so, otherwise leaves them as is – used in the
2950: Calculates the Area of Rectangle.  Inputs are Length and Width . Returns an integer value representing rectangle' s total surface areas
2951: This function calculates the margin of error in percentage. It takes distance as input and returns rounded value with two decimal places, which is then divided by
2952: A function to calculate the nth number of Tribonic series. The first three numbers are pre defined as [0 ,   .    ] and then
2953: Processes the routing table by iterating over each VRF and its subroutings then returns specific information from it .  If no such data is
2954: Quotes the given string as an SQL Identifier. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Returns quoted version of inputted ident
2955: Calculates the Intensities of Quadratic Peaks. The function takes three parameters q ,peak position and hight width at half maximum
2956: Flatens the list of lists into one long sequence – similar to unzipping or expanding an array/list with multiple dimensions, but without any
2957: Merge two strings together into one string list if they are of the same type; otherwise append them to output as separate elements." --->
2958: This function returns the base name of an address string, ie., removes all path components and return only file or directory names in it .  For
2959: Split the URI into its components, excluding any empty strings resulting from splitting on '/'.  Returns an array of these component parts in order they
2960: A recursive implementation of the Fibonacci sequence with caching. The function calculates and stores previously calculated values to avoid redundant calculations
2961: This function calculates the Term Frequency of an individual term in document by dividing its occurrence frequency with all other terms' frequencies summed up over
2962: This function takes an endpoint string and returns the corresponding prime ending based on whether it ends with three or five, otherwise return error message .  For example
2963: Get the simple split of given string into two parts separated by slash "/" . If it is possible return tuple with first part and second one else
2964: Replace the first occurrence of 'accumulator' with another string in an expression tree, and return it as is if no match found or multiple
2965: Check if the dependency has self referencings.  If it does, return True; otherwise False .  	Inputs : A dictionary representing an edge
2966: Multiply two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Returns the product of inputs	. Example input/output pairs are [
2967: 比较两个字符串的差异。如果长度不相等，则返回错误消息；否则计算并生成一个包含n
2968: Generates DeepSpeed configuration dictionary based on the given parameters; used to configure deepsipead training process with specified learning rate and regularisation factor .
2969: Convert string to decimal. 	Input -> Output Example usage : parse('10') => returns 'float' or .9
2970: Generates an application URL. 	Inputs : version ,model and the user' sname . Returns url as string formatting with given parameters
2971: Check if the given DN matches any of those listed as "Allowed" clients – returns true when it's an ALLOWED one
2972: This function takes in two numbers and returns the smaller one. If they are equal, it will return either number itself if both of them have same value
2973: Reads an input number as string and converts it to floating point with comma separator, if possible else returns the original value . 	Input
2974: Preprocessing the input sentences to clean them of punctuations, digits and extra spaces .  The function takes as an argument one line text from
2975: Convert Farenheight to Celcuis using the formula.	Inputs : Temperature in degrees of freezing point on water, Output is
2976: This function sets the properties of contours. It takes in parameters to define how and what kindaof data is displayed on screen . The returned object
2977: Returns the value of function f at time 'time' in seconds, where "f" is defined by another variable and its behavior depends on whether or
2978: Returns the key with maximum value from dictionary of values .  If multiple keys have same highest score return first one encountered	.   Input : {'a':
2979: Computes the average of all elements across multiple lists/array inputs – one array at time .   -> returns an averaged list or single number
2980: This function checks if the given string matches any of our defined locations. If it does not match then we return 'smart'.  Eliminates invalid
2981: Convert an array of colors from the CMYK color space to HSB. The input is in range [cmyk_to=[min
2982: This function takes as input an array of arrays and returns the same structure, but with each element incremented by one.  For example if you have
2983: Create line equation y = ax+b.  This function takes three parameters - the slope 'a', and intercept/y axis point's
2984: Generates the configuration files needed by memory copy competitors . The number of competitors is passed as an argument and generates their configurations accordingly with specific parameters set
2985: Convert position of each Qudits to the corresponding IDs – used by other functions .  1 input : dictionary with positions as keys and id
2986: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given string, then removes any extra spaces between multiple consecutive characters in one single word to make it uniform
2987: Remove trailling zeros from the given number if any present, else return it as is  Code Description : This function takes an input value and checks
2988: 返回一个字典，包含验证结果的来源和电话号码、有效代碼。   .    Code : return {"
2989: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
2990: Computes the critical pressure of an object.  The formula is derived from thermodynamic equilibrium and it's used to calculate how much energy needs
2991: Compute the conjugation of quaternion q. 	Inputs : Quat, Output = Conjgued_Quateron .
2992: Calculates & returns effective jounalue based on inputted efficieny.  [inJ] .   Parameters : ef
2993: Convert the input to specified type.  If no conversion needed return original value if possible else raise TypeError exception .	Type of output depends on '
2994: This function returns the morphological parameters of an atom based on its name or symbol in periodic table formatting using Morpholib library by Javier
2995: Compare two keys. If they are equal return zero; if the first key is less than second one returns negative number and vice versa .   [
2996: This function takes as input the list of genes and returns promoter elements from thesegenes .  The type is set to 'Promoters'and
2997: This function rounds up the given value to nearest multiple of specified alignement size .  For example if we have an input as '10' and
2998: Validates if the provided string is in discords format or not – it should be exactly length of digits and can also include letters from A
2999: Checks if the given path/filename refers to an image file.  Returns True when it does, False otherwise .	Example usage :is\_
3000: Scales the given float value between 0 and  1.	Inputs : val = Value to be scaled ,ll= lower limit of range
3001: Count the number of times you need to jump on cloud. The clouds are numbered from left, with index zero being your starting point . If two
3002: Convert tile coordinates from TMS to ZXY.	Inputs are the x and y pixel positions in map tiles on Google Maps API v3
3003: Calculates the percentage of each word from input dictionary and returns as list tuple pairs with original values . e g {('apple',3,'4%
3004: Convert text to safe HTML. 	Inputs -> Output  10% of the time, returns escaped string with special characters replaced by their
3005: Check if the object exists in storage or not – returns True/False . If it doesn’t exist then return false and check with persistence
3006: Calculates the score of an entity based on its weighted node and count in relation to other entities' counts within that same category or subcategory . The
3007: Convert all uppercase letters to lower case.  Code is used on strings of ASCII characters only, and does not handle non English alphab
3008: Returns the result of division. If both numbers are zero then it raises an error or returns ‘inf’ if one number is not specified and other
3009: Transcribe DNA sequence to RNA by replacing all 't's with the letter U .  This function takes one argument, which is expected
3010: Returns the value of an attribute in HTML tags, ignoring any leading or trailing whitespace and comments within quotes  .  	Example usage :
3011: Check if the given Django Model Field type equals to CharType or not  Code snippet used in tests : check whether an instance of char
3012: This function normalizes the input data to be between 0 and one. It scales it up or down depending on its original scale using normalization factors provided
3013: Convert URL to ID, return the last part of file name after removing .pdf extension if it exists; otherwise returns original string as is  Code sn
3014: Convert image coordinates to screen/canvas coor.s  Description of the function and its parameters . Parameters are in degrees or pixels depending on context
3015: Get the git url of specific repository in github or other source control service like GITEE, GitHub etc..  .   # TODO :
3016: Split attribute name and value from an XML element's attributes list – returns the first part of split if it is not empty or else return
3017: Returns the value of function f at point x and/or given by user input. The equation is defined as :f = |X^T *
3018: Delete all characters till the beginning of line in string format – returns an empty str if no new lines found .   Code is used to remove everything
3019: Check if the given string starts with an upper case letter  Code : .eof's <jupyter_text>`Word
3020: Returns the name of an installed Python Package from its full path or just returns it if not provided with any information about packages in python's site directory
3021: This function calculates Inverse of Exponent.  It takes two parameters - 'Theta' and "P". The result is calculated as per formula
3022: This function converts an integer to its corresponding binary representation in the form of 4D array, where each dimension represents different categories or classes and their
3023: Checks if the string contains only ASCII characters.  If it does, returns True; otherwise False .   [10pt] S
3024: Converts the player's game progression into XP points. Level is determined by how many games they have played, and determines their total experience
3025: Generates an XML representation of the Factory Path Entry with given Kind and ID .  The returned string is in xml format which can be used to add
3026: Checks if the call object contains latitude/ longitudes information.  Returns true or false based on whether all required keys exist in given dictionary .
3027: Generates an array of aggregation objects from the provided dictionary object containing terms based on field names and their configurations .  The output is used to create
3028: Trim the string to 1st line. If it'll be too long, append an ellipsis... and return only first N characters
3029: Check if the given object can be annotated.  This includes checking whether it's either of Function or method types and also dataTypes like int
3030: Calculates the IRA of an individual based on their total asset value. If they have less than or equal to $6,k981
3031: Reverse an Integer. Code to be implemented in Python language." ---end of the line---\n"   }}}}}}' .
3032: Convert two byte values to short. 16 bits are used in the conversion process from high and low parts of an integer value respectively . The function
3033: Drop empty properties from dictionary – one line version of the function is provided here .   [ ]" } , "{", ""}], {
3034: This function takes as input list of numbers and returns the same values but with their sign flipped, ie., it negates them if they are
3035: Generates the string representation of an object with prefix and suffix.  The result is used to create unique names in case two objects have same properties but
3036: Calculates the total power consumption of CPU and audio devices in an Android device based on their active time .  The calculation is done by multiplying each
3037: Convert boolean value to string.  If the input is True, return 'Yes', else if it's False then returns as No'.
3038: Check if string 'b' can be found as substring of another given input.  If so return True else false .   Code snippet
3039: Add query string to the URL. If missing or already contains ? then append with & else prepend it as an initial question mark (?).  The
3040: Split an IP or URL into its components - protocol and hostname/IP with optional ports if present . e..g., http:/19
3041: Generates new rules based on the given parameters. 		10/3rd -> "generate" function to create and manage package dependencies."
3042: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3043: Sort dictionary by value and return as string formatting with keys & values separated “key”:"value" pairs . e..g { 'a
3044: Calculates the difference between two numbers in terms of their minimum value among them . If both are zero then it returns zeros as result otherwise calculc
3045: Parses and converts the given value into an equivalent amount of specified units, e..g., converting seconds to days . Code snippet
3046: Compare two series of dates. If the inputs are different from outputs then return differences in both fields else returns only one field as it is not possible to
3047: This function returns the control points of an ellipse.  The parameters are in terms relative to center point and major axis respectively." ---
3048: Removes encoding from the given string if it exists, else returns original input as is 	removable by regex pattern matching and replacement with empty
3049: Create and return new instance with given owner's id, metadata & access details .  # noqa E134   Necessary
3050: Get the list of installed applications from configuration file or environment variables  .   # noqa E134/badge : do not remove
3051: Checks if the input number 'n' can be rearranged to form palinromic numbers. 0 and negative inputs are not considered
3052: Returns the result of multiplying two numbers together. 	Inputs x and y are integers; returns an integer as output . The function takes three
3053: Generates title case from the given string by splitting it into individual word and then joining them back together with spaces between each of their characters capitalized,
3054: Returns true if the bit at position 'i' in binary representation of number z is set. Otherwise returns false .  	Example usage : print("
3055: This function splits the input string into lines using newline character as separator and returns them in list format . This is useful when you
3056: Handle extend type attribute of the given dataset and return updated dictionary with extended attributes if available else returns an empty dict .  [END] Code:[/
3057: Convert the first part of file name to lower case. Remove special characters and spaces from filename, then remove any leading/trailing white space or blank
3058: Calculates the difference between two colors in terms of their RGB values.  The function takes as input an array with three elements representing one pixel's
3059: Verify if the input id can be converted to an integer and return it as such otherwise returns false – If not digit then convert string into number
3060: Get the result from payload.  If there's no 'Result', return none .   [get]/api/{id} -> returns
3061: Check if the given URL is related to YouTube video streaming site .  If it's true, return 'YouTube'. Otherwise ,return ''
3062: Returns the three values of an integer. If input number equals to zero then returns first two elements else if equal negative value return last element and third as
3063: Remove the protocol part from an address string, leaving just domain and port number if present in it .  e..g "http" or 'https
3064: Returns the string representation of an error count. If no errrors, returns 'ok'. Otherwise it will return how many and what kind are there in
3065: 获取文件的名称和扩展名的函数。如果路径包含多个点，则返回最后一个点的部分；否则
3066: Convert Hertzo frequency to bark scale using the formula from the barker's law of radiation and sound speed, which is used in radio communication
3067: Convert the given 'axes' to their equivalent in terms of 360 degrees.	Inputs : Total number and current axe value
3068: Check if the given list of rules have passed or failed.  Returns True when they do, False otherwise .   Code length :10 lines
3069: Calculates the sum of dividends per year.  Inputs are Dividend List and Volume list with corresponding years . Returns Total Summation Of
3070: Convert seconds to an approximate number of exposures. This function takes in the total time and returns two values - one is how many times that second can
3071: Returns the second word of each string in an array, ignoring underscores and capitalizing first letter if it exists  .   [easy
3072: Removes underscores from the beginning or end of tokens that are surrounded by angle brackets < > . 	Remaining unprocessed string
3073: Returns the color tag based on whether or not it's an even number. This function is used to determine which background colour should be applied when
3074: Generates all possible combinations of two issues from the given lists and returns them as tuples within another list – one tuple per combination . The
3075: A recursive function to calculate the FIBonacci sequence. It's slower than an iterative version due its high time complexity O((
3076: Remove the last character of each line in string if it is '}' or '\n'. 	Example usage : print('{}{}',sans
3077: Calculates the ratio of the area under curve.  If zero division error occurs return None .   Inputs are Top length and bottom lengths in cm
3078: Convert list of lists to indexed list. This function is used in the creation and conversion process from one data structure into another . The input
3079: Get learning rate changes epoch fields from the given string of comma separated values representing pairs like "30,-4" or "-69," ->
3080: Check if the inputted value matches either 'Yes' (' Y ', ‘ yes ,’, y ) and return True. Otherwise it returns False
3081: Generates an empty list of size 'size' with the specified number as elements filled by colons and commas separated if there are more than one
3082: Converts an input dictionary into another. The second argument should be the same type as first one but could have different structure and keys/values types
3083: Search files within the directory dir with name containing at least one of these digits or letters from 'a' to ‘z’; if no
3084: Generates user data with specified number of users and returns them as dictionary objects . The username is generated by appending the index to leading zeros if
3085: Extract BMIs from the given string. If it'll fail, raise an error if not within range of valid values; otherwise return as
3086: Returns an error message when the requested API Endpoint is unavailable. The function returns two values - string and integer respectively indicating that 'end point'
3087: Create dictionary from repositories and their respective branches or tags 	None -> str | int . If the branch/tag doesnt exist return '
3088: Create an SSH connection to the specified server. 	Parameters : Host name of remote machine .   Returns - An object representing ssh connections with default settings
3089: Returns the value if it's not blank. Else throws an exception with provided message .  [Exception]   #[#103
3090: Filter out aggregation related keys from the given list of dictionaries, ie., remove all entries that contain 'agg' as one or more characters
3091: Normalizes the given coordinates to be within 1 and -1. If they are not in range [min_length; max], raises an error
3092: Get the value of an attribute from given Event. If it doesn't exist return null or none if there is no such property/field
3093: Code: Defines the function to perform an operation on coordinates. The input is two parameters; one being coordinate list/tuple of length three which
3094: Returns the log time base of given input string which can be fs/ ps / ns . It returns an integer value representing how many times smaller or larger
3095: This function checks if the given 'num' can be divided by another num.  It returns True or False based on whether it could possibly divide into
3096: Normalizes the given binary decision trees. This function takes as input an array of tuples, where each element is represented by three values
3097: This function returns the source type of an input file, which is either epi or magnitude depending on whether it'll be processed as EPI data
3098: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3099: Computes linear combination of vectors.  The result is another vector that represents one component from each input in 'vector's components'.   This function
3100: Returns the kind of data types in python, 'str': string , ‘int’ : integer or float . If not recognized return ? '.format
3101: Create command line string from list of arguments.  For example, if you call `createCmd(['ls', '-l'])` it will return "
3102: Get the maximum engagement rate based on selected picker id. If no match found, return None; otherwise returns an integer value representing max engagements
3103: Calculates the desired noise RMS based on signal power and SNR. This function is used in various applications such as audio compression algorithms etc..
3104: This function calculates the Mincowski distance between two vectors of equal length using Euclidean norms and power parameter 'p'.  The result
3105: Calculates the amount of substance in moles at constant pressure and temperature using molecular weight as input parameter n . The formula is derived from chemistry where it
3106: Checks if the given number 'x' can be divided by an even or odd integer. Returns True when it fits and False otherwise .	Ex
3107: Check whether an input obj can be considered as one of the standard types that are expected to represent files in Python's I/O operations, i
3108: Calculates the number of consecutive “good” characters in string. Good character is defined as 'G'. The function returns count how many times it
3109: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3110: Returns the prefix of an IP address. If it is private, returns 'lock' else return empty string . Code := """
3111: Returns the type of variable based on its reference string compared to alternative strings in case insensitive manner .  If both are same then returns X , if
3112: Calculates the sum of expected costs from given classes. – Code is used to calculate and return an estimate on how much it will take until all
3113: Decide which alert sender to use based on the first few digits of an incoming caller id.  If it starts with '+1',
3114: Count the number of ones in binary representation. 	Inputs : value -> integer or float, Output = Number Of Ones In Binary
3115: A function to calculate the Fibonacci term at position 'N'. The first two terms are always returned as one. For all other positions
3116: Calculates the number on which an element is placed in its row and column. The function takes two parameters representing coordinates of any cell within matrix m by
3117: Convert all values to the same type, if possible – otherwise return original value as is . If no conversion needed then do nothing and simply append it
3118: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3119: Convert index to hash and offset.  This function is used in the creation of hashed indices which are then mapped into vertices on an adjacency
3120: Validates the parameters of an URL. 	Parameters are validated to ensure they're not null and that their types match what we expect them
3121: Returns the UK Core Death Notification Status Extension from an FHIR Resource object – if it exists on that specific patient record . If not ,
3122: Fetches the set records associated with an inputted OAI identifier.  If unable to fetch, it returns empty list instead of throwing exception or
3123: Returns the same as input if it is non zero, otherwise returns -sign of its argument. This function can be used to ensure that any number has
3124: Check if the given 'Passports' are valid according to rules defined by function parameters – checks whether they contain exactly eight characters, either seven dig
3125: This function calculates the total energy of an atom with given mass and Z number.  It uses formula from nuclear physics to calculate it .   #
3126: Checks if the given bounding box list contains any tile that falls out of range. If so returns true else false .  This function checks whether
3127: Prepare the given input in 14 characters or less. If it's not possible to fit, return an error message stating that there is
3128: Convert an input to be able as multiple types of lists.  If the given object already represents one or more items in terms/of its type then
3129: Get the text of an element in HTML using BeautifulSoup find method – if not found return none .   [10pts]
3130: This function calculates the weights of each class based on its frequency within all classes present among them . The more common an element is to appear ,the
3131: A function that splits the input string into an array of strings by line breakers ("\r", "\t" and "\\").  It
3132: Returns the input as lowercase with no spaces between characters .  For example, "Hello World" becomes hw and returns it to be converted into
3133: Calculates the number of overlaping sample points in each frame based on given percentage and total frames count  Input parameters are Samples per Frame & Per
3134: Calculates the average precision at k.  It is used to measure how well your model can rank an object over its true labels and returns it as
3135: Get the SPARC layer snapshot. 	Parameters : timestamp -> The time stamp of when you want to retrieve data from . Returns an object
3136: Returns the next index in an array. If at end of list then wraps around to 0 . Parameter 'n' is length/size
3137: Returns the side band power of an object with given depth. The formula is derived from physics and used to calculate it based on specific parameters like angle,
3138: Returns whether the given HTTP response indicates recoverability. A "recovery" here means that it's not permanent and can be retried after some
3139: Checks if the first word of each string in list is equal to given 'Prefix'. If yes then returns true else false .  It's
3140: Returns True if the number of electrons in atoms is greater than or equal to zero and less then given by Z. Otherwise returns false . If there are
3141: Create and return dictionary of RGBA colors.  If the input is not valid, returns an error message "Invalid Input".   The function takes in
3142: Adds two numbers. 	Input : Two integers or floats as input parameters and returns the sum of them .   Output - Summation result
3143: Adds elements from one dictionary to another and returns the resultant new Dictionary object .  If key already exists then it updates its corresponding values of both
3144: Returns either +/- one if the input is true. Otherwise, returns nothing or error message depending on whether an exception occurs during execution of function body .
3145: Add two strings.  Code is used to concatenates the input string with another one and returns it as resultant output .  	Example : Input
3146: Returns the center of an array. The index is zero based, so it returns halfway through if x has odd length and one more than in even
3147: Remove leading and trailing whitespace from the input string.  If there is no content, return an empty String .   if first character of str
3148: Returns an error message if the provided id is not found in either of them. This function will be used to handle cases where we are trying
3149: This function switches the current player's turn.  It takes in one parameter, 'Mark', which is either an X or O and returns what
3150: Get the domain part of an eMail address – returns none if there is no ' @ '. in it .   Code snippet : get
3151: Calculates the water vapour equivalent of temperature.  Inputs are relative humidty and temperatures in Kelvin or Celsius depending
3152: Returns the host group of an object. 	Inputs : Object, Output -> Host Group name as string .  			.e..g
3153: This function returns the status of an application's execution and its associated icon based on whether it was valid or not in terms that can be displayed to
3154: Returns the permissions of an object as dictionary.  The keys are method names and values indicate whether or not that particular permission is granted to current logged on
3155: This function takes two lists as input and returns dictionary where keys are brand names from the first list. Values of these key will be corresponding values found
3156: Validates the scaling configuration's capability. If it is valid then returns that value else raises an exception with all possible values as arguments .   Type
3157: Build HEC URI. --> This function builds the Health Exchange Consortium URIs based on provided parameters such as Host Name ,
3158: This function generates the standard filename format of precipitation data files in GAUGES .ZIP archive file type (.zip).  The year and
3159: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3160: Returns the dictionary of parameters with their defaults from an argument list .  The function is used to retrieve all possible arguments and its respective values that can be
3161: Calculates exponential moving average of the given value using specified method – either sum or product depending on input string 'method'. If no previous values are
3162: Convert LIDAR index to degrees, assuming a range of [-9876,-] and [+inf]. Returns the corresponding degree value in
3163: Get the id of an existing or new created git repository/project from its url pathname  . e..g /ownerName/.gitrepoN
3164: Write the given list of strings to VCF file.  Each string is written on newline and will be included within an entry with name from filename
3165: Remaps the lines of each cells to be sequential.  The first number is used as reference point and increments by one with every new entry
3166: Given two points and an "offset" from the first one on line segment AB. Returns new coordinates of second given coordinate after divinding by that distance
3167: Defines function that checks if string "DEF" exists in any of three possible positions within an inputted text.  If it does, returns True
3168: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two points in 3D space using Pythagoras' theorem and returns it as meters .
3169: This function calculates the utility of an action. The formula is U = t/(β*I). where 'u' represents utilities and
3170: Split the string into number part & its corresponding units.  If no digit is found in input then return None as both parts of output tuple .
3171: This function compares two lists of ZOTERM key names and returns the common ones between them – ie., those that are present both
3172: Returns the nearest integer multiple of ten that is less than or equal to given value. If it's not possible, returns None . Example : For
3173: This function distributes elements of an array even if the number ‘ones’ is more than 'zeroes'. It returns new list with distributed values
3174: This function calculates the average of numbers in an input list.  It uses Python's builtin functions to calculate and return that value as well
3175: Returns the value of one if input is positive, else returns zero .  	Type : Function -> Return Type = float    Inputs  = T
3176: Get ASCII characters with loop and without using any builtin function to generate unicode character list, then print them out one by ones . 3
3177: Checks if the synaptic pool' s activation function has changed.  If so returns true; otherwise false is returned indicating that no rebuild needed
3178: Calculates the value of U in HS model.  eps is energy gap between two states;   ZETA=0 means no electron orbit
3179: Calculates the drain rate of an area in terms per unit time from its storey height and maximum possible topographic elevation – using linear interpolation
3180: Removes duplicated data from the input.  It converts to set then back into List format, which removes any duplicate values in Python lists or
3181: This function returns the number of times that 'single' is rolled on given list.  It checks if each roll matches with "Single" and adds
3182: Transcripts DNA sequences into RNA by replacing each nucleotide with its complementary base pairing .  This is done using the mapping dictionary
3183: This function takes as input an array of strings, splits each string into individual sentences and then joins them back together with newline characters between the sentence
3184: Convert XML special characters to HTML entities 	Input -> String, Output = Converted string with all the reserved and non-"safe"XML char
3185: Reads an HHMMSS string and returns the number of seconds since midnight in UTC timezone . If input not valid raises exception if it'
3186: Returns the largest integer less than or equal to given number.  If negative, returns zero if it is not an exact fractional part of any real
3187: checks if it'd be possible to fill the given flights with movies of different lengths by using only one person and at most two people . 1
3188: Calculates the fraction of volume in GLYCEROL from WATERS by using given volumes as input parameters and returns it if both are non
3189: Extract unique authors from the given publications' data by splitting and filtering out empty strings; then return them as an array of id’ s .
3190: This function checks if two strings overlap at the end. If they do it returns how many characters are overlapped otherwise return zero . The input is expected
3191: This function generates all possible substrings of length 'k' from the input sequence string "sequence".  The output is an array containing these substring
3192: This function checks if the input string 'str' or any object that can be iterated over, returns true when it’is palidromic
3193: Checks if the three numbers are almost right. 3rd number should be close to square root of summation and difference between them less than e
3194: Unpacks the bits of an integer into bytes. The result is in little endian order, ie., least significant byte first and most sign
3195: Generates the x axis label based on deep tools plot heat map parameters ids .   [Optional] If not specified, it will return an
3196: This function returns the maximum value of given 'value' from provided list/dictonary using specified "Key".  It is used to find out
3197: Returns the path and filename of an inputted .txt or other text files.  The function takes in one argument which is supposed to be name/
3198: Generates pairs of depths from ‘max’ to 'min' with the given step. For example if you call `depths` between min
3199: Checks if the given list of Cells contains any comment lines.  If so, returns true; otherwise false .   It also sets 'self
3200: 返回一个HTML格式的名字。如果找不到"-"，则直接从字符串中提取并去除前后的空
3201: Normalizes class names to be used as CSS selectors.  This function converts . and / characters into dots only when they are not part of
3202: Checks if the given string is an eMail address. This function checks whether or no, it's valid and contains '.' character
3203: Get configurations from the list of trials.  This function takes as input an array/collection containing all experiments' details and returns their corresponding configuration names .
3204: Get resources from the configuration.  If no such resource exists return an empty dictionary .   if it is possible to fetch more than one type of data
3205: Given three integers i ,j and K . Return the list of tuples representing all possible triangles with vertices at points ((0.x),(
3206: This function takes in the JWT token and returns user id from it  .   [JAVA] -> Python equivalent of above Java
3207: Returns the sub string between two characters in inputted strings – start and end with their respective indices . If either of them is not found it returns
3208: Split the given text into headers and non - headings.  The function splits on " bp" as defined by sectioning rules of
3209: Converts an integer to bytes. The number is converted into binary and padded with zeros on the left if necessary until it reaches desired byte
3210: Set the device to use. If CPU only, then return /dev/gpu otherwise default is gpu 3 times faster than ram .
3211: Counts the number of whitespaces present within each string. – Code to count all occurrences where there are multiple spaces between characters or at
3212: Create an identity matrix of the given size.  For example, if you call `create_identityMatrix` with argument '3', it will return
3213: Check if the given string represents an HTTP URL. This function checks whether inputted path points to http/s url, returns true when it
3214: Return the canonical pair of tags, or 'none' otherwise – used to identify unique pairs in an array/list .   [1]
3215: Counts the number of elements that are equal to or greater than their corresponding element from both sequences.  This is done by comparing each pairwise comparison
3216: Returns the input if it's not none; otherwise returns another specified default.  This function can be used to provide an alternative or fallback when
3217: A function that calculates the length of its input' s Hailston sequence . The Sequence starts with an integer and then each term is obtained
3218: Returns the last three characters of filename if it has an '.' in its name, else returns empty string .  [0ms]   Takes
3219: This function reclasses the classifiers based on their probabilities. If they are either all ones or zeroes then it sets them as non stochastic otherwise true
3220: Convert string arguments into list of strings, separated by spaces or newlines – e..g., ["hello", ",","world"] -> ['
3221: Parses the keys of an input dictionary and returns them as integers. If any element's first character isn’t numeric or it doesn
3222: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3223: Convert the given integer to its English representation. If it is divisible by three, return 'pling'. if divided evenly into five returns pling
3224: This function takes an integer as input and returns the corresponding number of months. If it's less than 0 or more that we have data on
3225: Return dictionary of variables that are visibly defined in the given object or module, excluding those starting with an underscore (_). 	Inputs
3226: Calculates the change to be returned after paying with cash. The total amount is rounded off and then subtracted from one's own money, resulting
3227: Returns the minimum folded value from given limits of two numbers in python function . The formula is derived by using mathematical principles to calculate it as per problem statement
3228: Generates puzzles of different sizes and complexity levels, suitable to be used in the game 'Minesweeper'. This function returns puzzle
3229: Computes the beta coefficient of two vectors using Bessel's correction to avoid underflow and overflow issues with large input sizes – a more accurate
3230: Check if the given string contains Chinese characters. This function will return true when it finds any character that is not within 'unicode'. The
3231: Returns the minimum distance between two antennas in meters. The function is used to determine how far apart an antenna can be from another given its signal strength
3232: This function joins and strips file content. 	Inputs : lines -> list of strings to be joined . Returns the stripped string with all
3233: Get the camera information from an Image Topic – if it ends with /camera\_infomation then return that else find and join all
3234: This function filters out non valid data from the given JSON object, keeping only edges that have both node policies enabled/ disabled .  If one of them
3235: This function checks if the input number is power of 2. It does so by performing bitwise OR operation on each shift until it becomes zero,
3236: Check if two floating point numbers are equal within an error margin of 0.984637 or less than the machine precision level in
3237: Convert bytes to KB, MB or GB.  If the size is less than one kilobyte then return as string else recursively call function
3238: Checks if every character of the input string/list contains only capital letters.  If yes, returns True; otherwise False .  	Inputs
3239: Returns the names of all bench marks from given JSON object as set, removing duplicates and returning them sorted alphabetically .  This function is used
3240: Remove empty line from the given inputted text and return it as one single continuous sentence without any extra spaces or newline characters in between them .
3241: Given an integer n, return the number of complete rows you would need to build.  The total height can be considered as one row being filled with
3242: Get the list of all unique names from an input dictionary. This function is used to get indexed values based on their corresponding keys or ident
3243: Convert command to string. 	Inputs : Command object or list of commands . Returns the converted and joined as one line output from given input in
3244: Finds out whether the given string has any "question" marks in it or not .   # Code : return True/False based on presence of
3245: Derive an enum name from the given string using underscores as separators and capitalizing each first letter of every subsequent part except possibly last one
3246: A function to find the prime divisibility of an integer. It returns dictionary with each number as key, its frequency count how many times it appears
3247: Returns all TLVs of the given type from list 'TLVS'. 	Example usage : `print([x.__dict__['value
3248: Defines the function to print results.  It takes two arguments read and htis . If its argument is string it prints as one line else if
3249: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3250: Clean the username of special characters and spaces.  If no input, return 'Library'.   Else convert to all lowecase if possible else
3251: 计算给定预测值和标签的第K个候选项中，在排序后的列表中的前AT次出现。
3252: Create and return an empty dictionary object.  Metrics are used to track the state of various aspects in our application or system such as CPU usage ,
3253: Clean the Chamber input. If it is string then return corresponding value and label else if integer or float convert to respective labels . Else returns zero as
3254: This function generates an end map of session id and the latest timestamp.  It takes three parameters - 'session ending' dictionary , Session ID to be
3255: Computes the score of interpretibility method.  It calculates two scores based on how many black box methods are used by explainers and which ones
3256: List all open TCP connections on the specified port.  If IPv is not None then filter by IP address; if State isn't none it filters
3257: Generates an id based on the description of assets.  Assets are identified by their descriptions and combined with some prefix to create unique identifiers in
3258: Normalizes the given number of days and hours into minutes. The function returns three values representing normalized time in terms on day/hour format as well an
3259: Allow only specific HTTP methods to be used with CloudFront.  This is useful when you want your content distribution network's users or applications
3260: Adds the given 'url' to all image urls present within an array of dictionaries.  This function is used when you want your images
3261: Split files into different content types based on their extensions.  This function takes two arguments - the name of an array containing all available .txt or
3262: Calculates drift rate of hill zero background radiation. The function calcula...   [END] .' } { 'code': { :text
3263: Processes data by stripping leading and trailing whitespace from string values within each dictionary entry of the input list/array 'procdata'.
3264: This function filters out the common English language停用词 from input list of strings .  It does so by checking each string against an array containing commonly
3265: Convert frames to milliseconds Code is used in video conversion and manipulation tasks such as converting frame rate from fps or number of seconds into ms
3266: Convert an operation to command or return the same if it's not supported.  This function is used by other functions that need more specific handling of
3267: Convert the given tensor to channels first format.  This is useful when training convolutional neural networks with input data in channel dimension last order, but want
3268: Convert the direction of an object from left to right or vice versa, if it's already in that side return nothing else convert into opposite one
3269: Appends the directory name to an existing file or folder' paths in Python 3 .append() method is used here which adds new directories at
3270: Multiplies two matrices. If the number of columns is different from rows then it returns an error message else multiples them and return resultant matrix .
3271: Update dictionary with values from another dict based on keys present only ​​in the first one .   ## Code :update() function updates an existing
3272: This function modifies the input array to all zeros, effectively removing any nonzero elements from it by setting them equal zero and leaving behind only their
3273: Check if the given string contains either "." character OR "/" 	character. If yes, return True else False .  			.
3274: Get the nesting level of data. 0 means no nested, >1 indicates that it is deeply embedded in another object or array/list etc
3275: Parses the Curl Version from cURL command line output – returns only major and minor versions as string . e..g., "7
3276: Check if the last character of input string is an exclamation mark.  If it's not, append one and return modified version as output
3277: Adds two numbers. 	Input -> Output Example :addf() .1 ,0	.3  		    "def" is the
3278: Calculates the JARO similarity between two strings using precalculated values to avoid recomputation of similarities over long texts or when dealing with
3279: This function takes in the name of an object or method and returns it with its namespace removed, if necessary by prefixing '.', removing from both sides
3280: Initialize the client. – Parameters : The Client to initialize .   -> g_Client=clien t return Boolen value
3281: This function calculates the minimum and maximum coordinates of given set/list.  It takes as input list or tuple with two elements each representing an axis
3282: Clean library name to standard format, replacing "-Circuittypoen"- with _ and removing the - from end of string if it exists .
3283: Computes the cumulative of all elements that are not divisible by three.   [code] .eof Code : Sum up numbers which do
3284: A function to return the range of points in one dimension. The number and type are determined by 'dim' parameter which is an array representing dimensions or
3285: Returns the class names of all instances predicted by model on input data 'X'.  This is used to map predictions back onto their original classes, which
3286: Generates DESI DR7 image URLs based on RA and Dec coordinates in the Legacy Survey of Space & Time system .  The size is
3287: Computes the Dot Product of two vectors.  The result is an integer that represents their scalar product .   # Code to compute and return vector
3288: Removes duplicates and sorts the given array of topic names in alphabetical order  [code] .cleanTopicNames()[ ] ;
3289: This function takes as input the json object of an integration test run and returns it's corresponding one liner.  It calculates how many tests
3290: Checks if the input argument can be considered as unicode string. 	Inputs : Any type of object . Returns True/False based on
3291: Check if the given VNI is valid. 0 <=VNIs<=3489, which means it's between one to
3292: Starts posting message to the specified slack chat.  The function is asynchronous and starts sending messages in separate threads .   It takes three parameters
3293: Return the first index of an element x that satisfies all constraints. If no such elements exist return -1 .  This function checks if there exists at
3294: Convert number to human readable format. For example, convert bytes into KB/MB or MB etc.. The function takes in an integer and returns the
3295: This function returns the shaping method based on input parameters. It can either crop/rescale images to fit within their container dimensions if they are larger
3296: Remove all numbers from the input string, leaving only alphabets and spaces or special characters if any exist in between them .  For example "
3297: This function swaps the nybble order of each pair from input string. For example if we pass "abcd" it will return '
3298: Get the maximum number in file name, if possible; otherwise return none  .   [ ]   38%    46ms/iteration
3299: Create and return dictionary with type as control, value set to the input parameter. 	Inputs : int/float -> Output is dict .
3300: Returns the value of function f at point (-1,-3). Code is used to calculate and return result. The input parameters are two numbers representing coordinates
3301: Convert timezone offset to seconds. This function converts the given hours into minutes and then multiplies by six hundred, resulting in total number of second
3302: This function takes in one argument, which should be either an array or string. If the input data structure contains only strings it returns them joined by new
3303: This function returns the URL to fetch time machine json data from CMU's eCam server .  The cam name and dataset are passed as parameters
3304: This function takes as input an ASCII string and returns the same but with every second character removed. The first one is kept unchanged . It's
3305: Parses the value of an input parameter.  If it is logical or integer type then returns as string else if its in decimal format return number
3306: Compute the intersection of two lines. If they are parallel or coincident return `None` otherwise compute and returns their coordinates as tuples in
3307: This function takes an API response and converts it into the desired format.  It handles missing values by setting them to None, removes unnecessary keys from
3308: This function returns the delay time in seconds between iterations of an algorithm or loop based on its complexity and depth, which is determined by 'depth'. The
3309: Calculates the speed coefficient of an object given its thrust and mass properties . The function returns minimum value between thruster's force divided by all masses
3310: Match an OS/Architecture with the given name or pattern of assets – e..g., 'linux', '-windows' etc... . Returns
3311: Prints the message to stdout. The function does nothing and returns zero, but it is useful in other parts of your program when you want something
3312: Normalizes the input x to be within range [nl..nb].  The normalization is done by scaling and shifting.  	Inputs are in
3313: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3314: Parses the string representation of an image's coordinates and returns them as integers in order to be used with other functions that require integer inputs like
3315: This function calculates the limit of two given values under different assumptions about their relative magnitudes and signs in terms on one variable 'g'. The assumption
3316: Parses the input as an ISO 8601 formatted year/months and days into separate integers in accordance with Python'd datetime
3317: Return unique usernames from the members of given 'Group' object. 	Inputs : Group Object, Output - List Of Unique Us
3318: Convert number to string with zeros at the beginning if necessary. 	Inputs : Number and minimum length of output String . Returns -> Z
3319: Check if the version of an object is "BC".  Returns true or false. \n Code snippet used to check whether given dictionary
3320: Convert the string to PEP8 format. If it's already formatted as per pep 614, return unchanged else add | at
3321: Clamps the value within specified range. 	Inputs -> Value to be limited; Minimum limit of allowed values ; Maximun Lim
3322: Negates the confidence level of an event. 	Inputs : Confidence Level, Output -> New negative confidance value . e..
3323: Convert an array to the form of three parts. If length is less than two, return it as itself; otherwise split into thirds and swap elements
3324: Convert all keys of the dictionary to lowecase and return new dict with them .  If an exception occurs during conversion, just keep original value from
3325: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3326: Parses the path options from an environment variable string and returns them as two separate strings - one with no quotes around it ('PATH'), another without
3327: This function calculates the Hill coefficient. It takes four parameters and returns one value -hill coeffcient .  The formula is used to calculate
3328: Extracts and returns only one word of information about what kind or type “Service” is being requested in an HTTP request/response pair,
3329: This function takes as input an iterable of groups, and returns the joined string representation with each element separated by '*' .  It uses ^
3330: This function returns the top counts of an array based on specified fields and limit values in descending order – ie., it gives us most common
3331: Removes the first line of Python scripts if it contains either "PY" OR “Python” . It also adds back last modified script to ensure
3332: Returns the color associated with each label in project management.  The colors are grey, blue etc... .   For example if you have an issue that
3333: This function checks if the given 'Year' parameter, whether it’s leap. It returns true when inputted Year value can be divided by four
3334: This function returns the number of available CPU cores. If 'single threading' is enabled it will return one as there are no parallel processes to be
3335: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3336: A function to compute the value of polynomial using Horne's method.  The coefficients are stored as list 'x'.   It is used by
3337: Standardizes the package name by converting to lowercase and replacing hyphens with underscores. 	Example usage : "myPackageName" -
3338: Check if the given file name starts with any of provided arguments – one at time . If yes then return true else false or not found anywhere otherwise
3339: Calculates the Boltzmann constant at given temperature in kelvin, using an approximation of Bohr's law with linear interpolation between
3340: Creates an empty list of lists.  Each sublists is filled with length elements, all initialized to None . The number passed as argument determines the
3341: This function reverses the order of lines in an input file, excluding first line which is always empty or just containing comments and whitespace characters
3342: Decodes the tag into its components. The function takes an integer as input and returns three integers, representing milliseconds since epoch time when it was
3343: Debugs the request function.  Returns an empty dictionary .   Code is to print out uri and return nothing as per requirement of task description	.
3344: Calculates the value of RHOsat. The function takes six parameters and returns an estimate based on them .The first three are used as weights in
3345: Returns an encoding table based on the input. If no argument is provided, it returns default English to numeric mapping; otherwise return custom mappings from
3346: Generates the path to msao metadata file. 	Inputs : dict, Output -> string . Returns json filename of given id in
3347: Converts string to bool, if possible else raises an error .  If it's true returns 'True', otherwise return false or throws exception
3348: Calculates the Euclidean distance between two points in three dimensions using Pythagoras theorem and returns it as result .'s one line description
3349: Calculates the eigenvectors of an uncouple matrix.  The function takes as input parameters 'a' and returns two values - one is
3350: Merge two dictionaries into one with shared keys and append new values to existing lists if necessary  Code length :10 lines   .    Author
3351: Validates the user's editions. If all conditions are met return True else False .   [editor]    Editor validator function
3352: Defines and returns the sum of three parameters.  The fourth parameter is considered as 'static'.   . Example usage :function call with these arguments
3353: Convert the first character of each word in an array to uppercase.  This is used when generating unique IDs from Nuclides and Atoms
3354: Defines the function to perform an operation on input data using given transformation and activation functions in one line of python script .  	Returns transformed output along
3355: Returns the minimum and maximum of two tuples. If one tuple is empty or contains only negative infinity values then it returns another nonempty value from
3356: Create dictionary with barcode, image and extension details. 	Inputs : BARCODE , IMAGE CODE . Extension of the file
3357: A function to calculate the sum of all numbers from 'start' upto and including but not exceeding end. If start equals with End then return
3358: This function calculates the value of an unknown quantity. The formula is used to calculate it based on two parameters, 'a' &amp;lt
3359: Checks if an IP address belongs to multcast group. ... return False; # Placeholder, replace with actual implementation when
3360: Generates an O matrix of size 'size' x ‘’. The first and last row is filled with dots . the rest rows are made
3361: This function calculates the derivative of Sigmoidal Activations in backpropagating through neural networks . ...	def relu_(x
3362: This function takes the path of an input .PDF file and returns its content converted into string format if it exists else return empty String."
3363: Flatens the given input by converting nested lists into one dimension – i., it's recursive function that flattends any level of nest
3364: A recursive solution to the Joseph's problem. The function takes two parameters 'k', and number of people in circle; also called as "
3365: Remove special characters from the inputted text.  This function will only keep alphanumeric and space, leaving no other types of charactes
3366: Find all variables that are part of the given Meta Group – Code to find out which variable names belong within an existing metadata groups defined by user
3367: This function takes an input string and sets the character at specific position to given new_character .  It returns modified version of original String with updated Character
3368: Returns the second element of an array. If no elements are present, it returns None or throws exception if there is only one item in list and that
3369: This function takes in one string and returns the same input with all newline characters replaced by spaces, thus cleaning up any extra line breaks from your source
3370: Converts decimal number to binary. If the input is negative, it conversts its absolute value first and then convert into binay representation using
3371: Rotates the grid 18 degrees clockwise. This is done by transposing and reversing each row of matrix, which rotated counterclock
3372: Normalizes the given string by replacing diacritics with their closest ASCII equivalent using Python' built in functions . Replaces "µ"
3373: Computes the RosenBrock function with two parameters, which is used in genetic algorithm optimization problems to find minimum of non convex functions like 3
3374: Create an ephermal response with the given input. – Code to generate one line of output from function call, ephémeral or not
3375: Returns the module name from an absolute path.  For example if you have /home/user/.virtualenvs/, it will return virtual env directory
3376: Add paragraph tags to the raw body. 	Inputs : Raw Body, Output - Formatted string with added p tag around each line of input
3377: Split an index into three parts that represent the position of two QCliffrons in their respective clusters . The first part is used to identify
3378: Checks if two lists are equal. If they're both one dimensional or have the same length but different elements at each index then it returns false
3379: Convert list of indices to JSON pointer. 	Inputs : List[int] -> Output String   . Example [0 ,1 ] =>
3380: Convert Human readable file sizes to bytes.   Code snippet that converts the input string into an integer representing byte count in various units like
3381: Returns the parameter name after removing prefixes "prefix" if it starts with these strings, else returns original string as is  Code snippet used
3382: This function calculates the number of particles in Deborrah's beam.	Input parameters are flow rate ,beam size and quantum vector .
3383: Convert coordinates from JSON to API tilt. 180 degrees is up, and the angle downwards of an object in space will be converted
3384: Returns the position mapper function. This is used to convert between different coordinate systems in space or time by mapping one system onto another using three axes
3385: Checks if the given parameter can be extended. 1st character of input should not match with any other characters in subsequent strings, and it must
3386: Evaluates the polynomial at point 'X'. The function takes two arguments; one is an array of coefficients representing our equation's terms and another
3387: This function takes three parameters and returns the result of linear model calculation. 3rd parameter is bias term which we don't use in our case
3388: Format the duration of an object as string representation with dots or underscores if necessary . If no notes are available return unknown/none	. Get type
3389: A function to add or update the score of an individual.  If they are new then their initial rating is set as per given 'rate'. Otherwise
3390: Check if settings have changed between two dictionaries of configurations .  If they do , returns true else false; otherwise it checks the values inside each setting
3391: Generates the string representation of an indexed element in range [0..1] with total elements.  For example '3/4' or
3392: A function to convert input into appropriate type based on its content and formatting, if possible; otherwise returns the original string as is – ie
3393: Update the dictionary with new key/value pairs from another dict object or mapping type – in place operation on an existing one . Returns updated original Dictionary
3394: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the same dictionary but with all values stored under their respective keys into lists instead .  For
3395: Returns the common elements of two lists.  If one list is empty then it returns an empyt array and vice versa . The order will
3396: Calculates the surface area of an isosceles right triangle with given bases and heights.	Inputs are in cm . Output will be returned
3397: Returns the name of an activation functions as per its string representation in `translations` dictionary or returns it if not found else converts to upper
3398: This function checks if the input number or integer reversed equals to original.  It returns True when it's palidromic, otherwise False
3399: Checks if the first character of string is one among four common prefixes.  Returns True or False accordingly."	Example usage : print("abc
3400: Find the minimum number of arrows needed to burst all balloons . Sorting and finding maximum endpoint is used here as we need at least one arrow so
3401: Multiplying two numbers. If the arguments are not of type int or float it will return an error message with details about what kind is being multi
3402: Parses the arguments string and returns them as dictionary format .e..g., "a = 30 ; b= 4" will return {"
3403: Assembles the result string.  The input is two SNPs and three strings of characters to be added around them in order ref snps before
3404: Generates the minimum and maximum x & y coordinates of all points within given polygon . If no such information is available return zeroes as default values if
3405: Create an initial condition function. 	Inputs : str, the name of one or more compounds to be initialized as '0' . Returns -
3406: This function returns the MountPoint of an existing volume from its Volume Path .   If no such path exists it will return empty string	.    It
3407: Returns the input if it is not equal to –­‐ one, else returns an astroid. Otherwise return itself as string representation of number
3408: Calculates the Sharperatio of an investment portfolio.  It is used to measure how much returns are expected from investing in each asset class within
3409: This function calculates the extrapolation of an inputted spectrum using given frequency and index to calculate its intensity at different frequencies in order not only by
3410: Adds two vectors elementwise.  Both input should be of the same length and type compatible with addition operation on elements .   Returns new list that
3411: Extracts the id of an array or jobs from response string 	Input : Response String Output:"The ID extracted." Input and output are in
3412: Generates the raw businesses file path based on inputted YELP username 	Inputs : String -> Output is CSV File Path of
3413: Convert UTF 3 bytes to binary string representation of the inputted character sequence in python . The function takes as an argument one or more strings,
3414: Fetch the details of an HTTP response object and return them as three separate values or zero if they are missing from that http request's result .
3415: Sorts an array of elements based on their corresponding label values from another list using the provided lambda function as key to determine order and returns sorted result
3416: This function is used to limit the value of an input between ‘zero’ and 'one'. It does so by taking into account that if it
3417: Calculates the difference between maximum and minimum importance of states in an evolutionary algorithm.  This is used to measure how important each state was during optimization
3418: Checks if the given path points to an http url  Code length :10 characters .   [ ]   3/4 done in one line
3419: Convert the given value to bytes and return it as an integer or raise exception if conversion is not possible due some reason .   [getVolumeCapac
3420: Adds an element to the end of list.  Returns updated List .   Code length :10 chars or less with no special characters and
3421: Compacts the dictionary by removing any entries with null values from it."  [10 points]" Code : Defines function to
3422: Checks if the given 3D Point is on any of two defined Lines. If so returns True else False . The function checks whether or
3423: Calculates the density of Air at given temperature and Elevation in meters . The formula is derived from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
3424: This function calculates the average of x and y coordinates from given list/array 'neigbor's .  If there are no neight
3425: Create and manage dialogues. 	Input parameters are context of the dialogue ,request object from which it is triggered .The user' s current roles
3426: This function checks if the input is an integer.  If it's not, returns false; otherwise true . ---> Code : check
3427: Calculates the areas of polygons given their vertices coordinates in two dimensions using Shoelace formula .   Code length :13 chars or less
3428: Checks if the given input contains any repeating pair of characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .	Inputs : A String
3429: Clears the state of an object by setting its 'value' to none and removing all nested dictionaries within it if any exist – recursively
3430: Generates the URL to download files from EBI's Genome Browser Xena service 	with specific experiment accessions and types of downloaded
3431: Fixes the URL to have either http/ https prefix and trailing slash if it doesn't exist already – e,g., '
3432: Combines all elements of the input list into another single, flattened output List – each element from both lists is added to new combined result
3433: Returns the area of box defined by two points.  The top left point is given as an argument and it's assumed that all four corners are
3434: This function takes an escaped string as input and returns the original, nonescaped version. It uses dictionary mapping to replace escape sequences with their actual characters
3435: Convert an integer to binary representation. Pad with zeros if necessary until the size is reached or less than required by input number of bits in decimal form
3436: Convert Zeroes and Onés in the range of [starting point] with length 'l' into ones. The function takes two parameters as
3437: Returns the minimum number of digitis in an integer. The first digit is always one, and all other numbers are zeroes except possibly at position '
3438: Returns the scaling factor needed to convert from one unit of measurement into another, given an input value and its corresponding output measuremnts' units .
3439: Update the list of datasets with new data from 'update' function.  The input is two lists - one containing all existing series and another that contains
3440: Removes overlapping bounding boxes from the list of detected objects.  This is done by checking if any other object intersects with each one before
3441: Calculates the perimeters of rectangles and squares.  If both dimensions are equal then it returns their areas otherwise return summation result from rectangle
3442: Returns the list of tups from input string with each tuple containing two elements, one is start and other end index range  . e..g '
3443: Given an object of counts with different dataypes. Return the most common one among them if exists; otherwise return string type as default value .
3444: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in 3D space. The formula is |x₁−x₂|+|y�
3445: Returns true if the child's term is invalid. If it isn’t, returns false; otherwise checks whether to toggle listen mode and
3446: Calculates the Thermal Diffusion Coefficient of an object given its specific heat capacity and density at constant temperature .  	Inputs are three parameters
3447: Generates new row with given parameters. 	Type of data in the table is date and numeric . The values are used to predict future trends
3448: This function merges multiple rectangular contour data into one list of points, which can be used to draw the final image or mask with OpenCV'
3449: This function returns the given name in either regular or formal format.  If no specific form is provided it defaults to returning only first part of names with
3450: Get the real user ID of current process or return given value if not available on unsupported system, else -1 by deafult  .
3451: This function calculates the greatest common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm to find it and then finds their least comm
3452: Returns the value of Kelvin at temperature N in Celsius, rounded to one decimal place . The formula used is derived from thermodynam
3453: This function scales the time from [t] to [-inf..+inf]. The scaling is cubic in nature and it's used as part of
3454: This function takes two lists of indices and returns the product summation over all possible combinations. The first list is used to index into another array or dictionary
3455: Extract the books from different shelving locations.  The input is list of dictionaries, each dictionary represents one review and contains "title", an
3456: Clean mentions in the given message by replacing them with their unicode replacement character to prevent them from breaking up text flow when rendered on screen or printed out
3457: Defines the closure of function.  Testing if it works correctly with different inputs .  10 points possible on each category, total = 3
3458: Returns the common elements of all lists. If there are less than 3 items return first item or None if no element found . Intersection is defined
3459: Convert BU to cm in the given value, return original values when they are none or invalid .  	Inputs : float/int , Output -
3460: Convert all characters of the string into lower case.  This function is used when we want our program's output language not be affected by user input
3461: A function that takes an encryption and the corresponding ciphered text as input parameters to return original message using given keys . If no valid characters are found
3462: Convert double quotes to single or vice versa in python strings  Code snippet that converts the given input into either one type of quote if
3463: This function calculates the even FIBONACCI numbers up to given 'Limit'. It starts with two initial values and adds them if they are
3464: Merge two time cuts. If the first one is longer than second then swap them and return merged start/end times else just returns end of both
3465: Returns the value of ith Bit in byte. If it is set to one return True else False .   [k=index starting from zero]
3466: Categorizes the path of an XML file based on its Manhatten distance from root node to itself, if it exists; otherwise returns empty
3467: Convert units of measurement from mm to meters.	Inputs : Unit in millimeters, Output is the converted value into meter .   Example -
3468: Generates the inline PR Link. 			" . prNum; }">PR</a><br /> <span class='pull
3469: A function to convert CELSIUS temperature into FAHRENHEIT using the formula 1 degree of F is equal or less than -
3470: Return the label with its extension if it has one, otherwise return just name of file or directory as is  .e..g., /home/
3471: Removes None values from the 'AdditionalRules' list of JSON object if present, else leaves it as is and returns modified version with removed N
3472: Generates all groups of parentheses from the input string – one group per pair or nested set brackets/parenthesis pairs . For example
3473: Preprocesses boolean or integer values to be either 1s and/or False. If not one of the above types then it returns None .
3474: Scales the ticks of an axis.  If 'None' is passed in as input it will return default scaling parameters based on type and order
3475: Convert the input to boolean type if possible or return false otherwise – convert string inputs into booleans and integers with same meaning . If not able
3476: This function calculates the value of name based on its letters' positions. The position is determined by counting from left to right, starting with 'A
3477: Mark the citeation as approximate.  This is used to highlight matches that are approximately equal but not exactly identical, such an approximation can be useful
3478: Returns the list of elements lowercased from inputted iterable object, e..g., ['A', 'B','C'] returns [a
3479: Multiply the input number by two and take modulo with max value of an int. This is equivalent to shifting left one bit, then taking
3480: This function generates all possible subsequences of length 'k' from the given text string and stores them into an array named "expanded". The order
3481: Split privilege specification into user and privileges codes/groups 	Example usage : 'user1==readwrite' or '/groupname/.*'.
3482: Convert font weight to numeric value in CSS string formatting, converting normal and bold weights into their respective “regular” or  18px
3483: Merging two slices of data. If the second slice starts before or after first one but not overlapping then it will be added to current start
3484: Calculates the value of one carat.  The formula is derived from an equation involving three variables and two constants which are used to calculate it based
3485: This function searches the ElasticSearch database and returns unique pairs of source to destination nodes that have more than one hop with average hops greater then specified
3486: Returns the catalog info of an object given its unique identifier as input parameter 'id'. The function splits up id into different parts and returns them within
3487: A function to calculate the maximum common divisor of two numbers. It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on recursion and reduces time
3488: Returns the input string with all ampersands replaced by 'AND'. If no argument provided then it returns an alternate one else return original if not null
3489: Check if the given TCP/IP Port number in use by trying to bind it and connect with an exception raised when attempting connection attempt .   Code sn
3490: Returns whether the given string is not equal to 'accu' or lowercase version of it. This function will be used in conjunction with
3491: Create and return the required dictionary.  This function takes two parameters - JSON data to be processed & Node name which is used as key from where value
3492: Checks if the input is one of several common strings that start with '<' or '#'.  If it does, returns true. Otherwise false
3493: This function filters out all the even negative integers from an input list of integer values, returning only those that are greater than zero .' ---
3494: Computes the default values of an equilateral triangle.  If either dimension has been set to be less than zero then it raises error message "
3495: This function returns the requested texel coordinate based on whether or not to use vertex coordinates in fragment shader operations – either using them directly if
3496: Generates statistics about the number of tasks requested by users from given list/array ‘Contributors’ . The function returns an object with count
3497: Implementation of the Extended Euclid Algorithm. This algorithm is used to find gcd and coefficients in linear Diophantine equations like ax
3498: Extracts the first occurrence of an element from list.  If not found returns empty array .   [0] -> None ,[1
3499: Compute the percentage of packets that were not received. If no packet was sent then return as is . Otherwise calculate and returns percentages from total number
3500: Returns the last part of an input string after splitting it by "-". If 'GROUP' is found, returns as GEONAME else return original name
3501: Calculates the number of seconds it would take to write one line at given WPM. This is calculated by dividing total lines written in minutes per
3502: This function takes an HTML text and returns the same as input but with all non alphabetic characters removed in lower case form .  It uses
3503: Converts underscores to spaces within the string s, preserving other characters as is .  For example : 'hello__world' ->
3504: Determine which number is greater.  If both numbers are equal return 'Both' if the first one in list of two or more elements and returns
3505: Convert observation to integer value using the formula of log base e, then scale it by some constant and round off .   [...]    Convert an
3506: This function scales the image. 108% of its original size in both dimensions . The output is scaled down to fit within an aspect ratio
3507: Get table info from the given record.  If there's no payload or if it doesn’t contain any information about tables, return none .
3508: Convert an input string to lowercase, useful in variable naming conventions 	Example usage : "MyVariable" -> myvariale
3509: Create and train logistics regression models on the given actions. Evaluates their performance in terms of training/testing set accuracies over time steps provided
3510: Checks if the game has been won by checking whether there are any 'U's left on our side of 3x4 grid . If
3511: Returns the list of Docker Composer files to be used by pytests in current directory or subdirectories .  This is required when running
3512: Calculates the absolute value of cross product between two vectors. ... ..	. . .. ... .........   ### >
3513: Parses the claim string into edge and rectangular dimensions of an object or feature on screen . The format is 'object id : width x height'.
3514: Determine if it is possible to connect two sites via the given wire connections and site wires . The function should return True or False based on whether such
3515: Check if two bars are the same orientation and face color with some small tolerance on their sizes or positions; return True when they match else False .
3516: This function splits the string into list of dependencies based on parentheses, ignoring non dependency lines .  It returns only those parts that are
3517: Updates user's subscriptions based on their status and returns corresponding message .   [END] ---> Code Summary : Update User Subsc
3518: Sorts the results list in ascending order based on their version numbers using Python's builtin function "sort".  The lambda is used
3519: Compute the arithmetic average.  If data set has no elements, it raises an error message "undefined" .   if not , returns zero
3520: Validates if the input is an USID. This function checks whether or not it's possible to convert given string into Uint3
3521: Approximates the value of pi using Monte Carlo method.  The function takes an integer as input and returns approximate Pi Value up to that number decimal
3522: Get the domain id of VPC.  If one number is greater than another then it returns their bitwise OR operation as result else return reverse order
3523: Return the starting index of an array. This function is used to get started with arrays in python . It returns first element's second item
3524: Loads class labels from the specified text files and returns them in an array format .  The function is used to get all classes present during training of
3525: Convert CO₂ saved to miles driven based on the average annual fuel consumption of cars in USA, considering that one mile is equal as distance covered by car
3526: Flatens the nested lists.  For example flaten([1,[3],4]) =>[]. . ,.,..,,.......]]).
3527: Adds the elements of list 'l' to history.  Returns updated linkedlist object with added element at end .   "Adding an item
3528: Calculates the energy of an array with respect to some given function, which is assumed as being on one side and other two sides are zeroes .
3529: This function generates the new path of an image file based on its current one and appends some number to it . This is useful when you
3530: Check if one element of first input exists within second.  If so return True else False .   The function will raise an exception when either argument are
3531: Returns the new value of x or y based on whether it is within limits. If not then returns either end point depending upon which one was out side
3532: Calculates the derivative of x with respect to one variable.  The function takes three arguments; two points and their respective deltas in X axis
3533: Parses the output of mpcalc tool and returns gain information about each file processed by it .  The input is expected to be tab separated
3534: Parses list of dictionaries from the given dictionary. If no key provided returns an empty array if there's nothing to parse or it doesn
3535: This function calculates the total number of positions within 3D array. It takes as input an ordered list representing coordinate ordering and length along each dimension
3536: Newton's method is an iterative algorithm to approximate square roots. It starts with initial guess, then improves the accuracy of that estimate by refining
3537: This function generates the list of drivers from given python files names . The first element is index and second one contains file name or path to be processed by
3538: Compute the Cross Product of two 4D vectors. The result is also represented as three components in form xyzw where w=0
3539: This function returns the product of two numbers. It is used to check if x and y are prime or not, then it will return true otherwise false
3540: This function calculates the value of an object to be optimized by minimizing its distance from another point in space with respect t othe given parameters .
3541: Merge two sorted lists into one. Count the number of inversions during merge process to determine how many elements are outoforder or "bad".
3542: Defines function to print hello message with name in brackets . formatting the string and returning an integer value of 'return' statement is not
3543: Computes an accuracy of predictions by comparing true labels with predicted ones using a dictionary to count occurrences per prediction value .   Code is used as
3544: Processes the clock frequency of an Ethereum blockchain node.  If input is one, returns two MHz; if zero or undefined return five
3545: A function that sums all numbers from the given range.  The start and end of each number in inclusive are provided as parameters to be calculated by adding
3546: Removes trailing and leading whitespace from the given string, if any exist in it .  If there are multiple consecutive spaces then remove all of
3547: Compare two version strings in the format of "packageName-" + majorVersionNumber "-" minorRelease ".jar".  Returns negative integer when 'this
3548: Code to check the current state of an Ethereum SubGraph.  If it's not ok then send slash command back with error message
3549: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3550: Returns list of items that were created before the given time stamp but are still part ‘built’ by specified user .   [1pt]
3551: Check if the file named filename has MIREN versioning scheme and return true or false accordingly, based on its content; ie., it checks
3552: Return the third attribute of an object. If not available return None or default value provided in function call if any .  [optional - can be used
3553: Check if the number passed as an argument to function 'is_pow' or method '_checkPowerOfTwo'_ returns True when it checks whether given
3554: Remove the .gitsuffix from URLs.	Input/Output Example :strip dot git("https://github......com") => https
3555: This function returns an integer based on the input string. If it is one of three special strings, then return zero; if its left/downward
3556: Defines the function to calculate and return both original number 'n' as well its squares. 1st line of output is "original" value
3557: Round the coordinates to one decimal place. 	Inputs : coord -> float or int . Returns rounded coordinate value with only first digit after point
3558: Calculates the percentage of contigs that match with given similarity percentages. This function is used to calculate how similar are two or more sequences based on
3559: Get the root directory of an experiment or model from its path string representation  .e..g, "./experiments/model1" ->
3560: Parses the variable part of command line arguments and returns it as two separate parts - Key & Value .  If invalid argument is provided then raises
3561: Converts an integer to binary. 1 <= n <= 9^38 .  4 digits long in base b where the number of
3562: Convert string to year/month format and also split into days & hours with seconds .  Return three different formats of the same input in one line function
3563: Convert the bounding boxes in KISS format to POSH. 1/3 of width and height are used as coordinates . The function
3564: Appends the command to null device. 	Input type : Command -> Output Type = <none> 	. This function is used when we
3565: This function generates the coordinates of all points on an n x m grid with given board size and cell side length . The z coordinate is always zero as
3566: Checks if the sequence contains an "N" character. 	Inputs : Sequence of characters, Output -> Boolean value indicating whether or
3567: Computes the rewards of an agent in state and performs actions according to its policy – walk forward or stay put . The function returns how much it
3568: Parses the given JSON object to create an instance of Mod.  This function is used in conjunction with other functions that handle parsing and creating
3569: This function returns the name of one variable in radio normalization.  The input is an integer that corresponds to different types or variables used during normalisation,
3570: Clusters the given dataset by differing within maximum gap specified – groups are created based on differences between consecutive elements of input list . The first
3571: This function calculates the gradient of an attribute.  It takes two arguments and returns their difference multiplied by some constant factor which is determined as per
3572: Initialize parameters of the model – numIters, numberOfComponents , templateFrameCounts and other related weights .   - beta is
3573: This function generates the list of all unique fields from nested dictionary.  It takes as input an array/dictionary and returns another one with only those
3574: Create function to get the fill and stroke colors based on id of an object or layer from dictionary input .  1st line is shortened version with
3575: This function calculates the pooling size based on input dimensions and parameters. It adds 4 times of paddings to inputs then divides by
3576: Returns the true shooting percentage of an NBA player based on their FG% and TPFGA%. If they have no free throws or if
3577: Selects the type of annotation based on its value. 0 = Exons, >1= Introns and < -> Genes/inter
3578: This function takes in one argument and returns the name of its corresponding Python builtin or external command as string .  It strips off parentheses from
3579: Calculates the minimum and maximum of each axis separately.  Returns these values as two separate lists, one per vertex's coordinate system respectively .
3580: Convert string to boolean, case insensitive .  If the input is 'True', returns true; if it's anything else but yes/ no
3581: Check if the given 'Job' status has failed or completed with errors. 1/0 -> boolean, True means it was successful and False
3582: Returns the delta between two values of an integer or float type in one line." --->"Returns true when both inputs are equal and false otherwise
3583: This function determines the type of an equilateral/isosceles right angled triange. The types are as follows -> Equi
3584: This function reverses the DNA sequence. It replaces each nucleotide with its complementary one and then reverse it to get back original form of
3585: Computes the number of steps required to reach ‘one’ from any positive integer. The function counts how many times we have divided by two or
3586: Returns True if the given string matches one of several OGC standard names.  Otherwise, returns False . The function checks whether an input parameter 'Name
3587: A stub function to simulate downloading data from servers.  It returns test stubs when called with specific parameters, and always return an empty list of results
3588: Calculates the influence of trading. The more influential an entity is to another one when they trade with each other it increases their costs by .3
3589: Checks if the given string ends with an underscore followed by any number of symbols.  If it does then returns True else False .   Code
3590: Parses the given string to extract query id and subquery identifiers from it if they exist in brackets "[]". If no such identifier
3591: Check if the inputted text contains only ASCII characters.  If it does, return True; otherwise False .	Inputs : String of Text
3592: Generates an 'Anchor' string from the input list of characters using predefined dictionary mapping to identify repeating sequences within given character set; if
3593: Calculates the power of an integer in logarithmic time. It uses binary exponents and reduces to modular arithmetic operations when possible . The function is
3594: Checks if value is in the given ranges.  If it's not within any of them then returns False otherwise True .  	Range check
3595: Set value of an object using nested keys as path to the desired field – recursive function that modifies dictionary by setting its values at given paths
3596: Checks if the input is less than 1/3 of maximum possible float number in python .   # noqa E964,
3597: This function takes two arguments; one is the split of classes and another argument 'ratios' which determines how much each element should be included from both
3598: Counts the number of cross inverions between two lists/arrays – elements that are larger than their right neighbor but smaller to its left
3599: Checks if every element of the list 'Q' is within specified limits.  If not it returns False else True .  	Inputs :
3600: Returns the string with all occurrences of character "a" replaced by another specified characters. 	Example usage : print("abcac".no
3601: Split the given string into username and server name/IP address components in order to connect with that machine using SSH or other protocols like SFTP etc
3602: Calculates the cumulative distribution function of Kullback–Leibler divergence between two distributions using inverse CDFs from different probability spaces with
3603: Returns the coordinates of four corners in which an ellipse centered at point with given center and specified radii is inscribed.  The returned values
3604: Convert MIDI note number to frequency in Hz using the formula from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/. . ,_note,
3605: This function reverses the sequence of DNA. It uses complementary bases to achieve that by using dictionary mapping from nucleotides back into their complements
3606: Finds the index of first unmatched parenthesis. If no such pair exists return None  .   Input : test string to be checked if
3607: Returns the FIBONACCI sequence up to but not including 'n'. The first two numbers in our list are always set as such that they
3608: Split the given string into three components using 'return' as separator, returning only second and third component of tuple formatting . This
3609: Calculates the Manhatten distance between two points in an array. 	Inputs : index of first point and second one . Output is man
3610: Returns the smallest element in an iterable. 	Example usage : print(min_([10 ,34])) # Outputs '8
3611: This function sorts declarations from an AST node into two lists based on whether they are functions or not; it also handles the rest of your program
3612: A function to calculate the squared value of an input. 	Inputs : number, returns output as integer or float depending on whether it is
3613: Generates the format of data to be sent by sensors. 		| Field names and their respective types | Units associated with each name | 			|
3614: This function takes an input of type Image and returns the base name without - dev suffixes .	Example usage :get run Base Of Dev Imag
3615: Shortens the given Chrome Class name to remove 'Chrome' prefixes and replaces them with '.', if any exist, followed by ".com
3616: 返回一个字典，其中键是标签的名称。值是对应于索引/位置在每个维度上的整
3617: Check if the given coordinates are within bounds of an array. 1D version only checks x coordinate but not check on other dimensions as per requirement in
3618: Generates organization data with given name and owners' details  .   Capabilitie names are added to the list of organizations’s abilities as
3619: A function that returns the size of different data structures. 	Inputs : list/array, tuple etc., Output -> string with each element
3620: Updates the balance of an investment portfolio.  The function takes in three parameters; one is initial balances and two are rates that determine how much
3621: Convert text into SSML.  This function converts the input string 'to' . The output is an XML formatted version of that same sentence in
3622: Convert the id and user fields to string. Delete _ids field from dictionary after conversion  . Return cleaned up dict of data with converted types in it
3623: Generates all palindromes of the form 9876x where x is an integer. This function prints out these numbers as they
3624: Generates list of None values.  Size is the number elements to be generated in that array/List . This function will return an empty
3625: Parses the input string and returns three pieces of information from it in order -> Data name , molecule Name & SMILES .
3626: Returns true if the string is contained within another visited strings list of maximum size equal to 'STKMAX'.  Otherwise returns false . If it'
3627: Loads data from NonFitBit API. 	Input -> User ID of the user on FitBIT platform, Output => Data loaded by
3628: Generates samples from the specified distribution based on configuration options – uniform, normal etc.. . If no specific distributions are given it returns original option if
3629: Removes leading and trailing zeros from numbers in string format with decimal points separated by any number of spaces/tabs/.newlines – but
3630: Returns the result of adding 'deck' length to current position and taking modulus with size.  This is used in dealing cards from an infinite
3631: Convert the given number to corresponding ASCII character. If it's less than or equal 10, convert as lowercase alphabetical characters
3632: This function calculates the equivalence ratio of fuel and oxider.  The result is returned as an integer or float depending on input types .
3633: Returns all sockets connected to the given node in terms of source string representation 	Input -> str representing Node'S name , list[Connection
3634: Check if the box defined by `out` coordinates lies inside another given rectangle.  If it does then return True else False .   [...]
3635: Computes the Minchewski distance between two dictionaries of user rating data using an optional power parameter 'power'. If no such term is
3636: Create environment variables from configuration. This function takes in the parameters of an azure resource and creates corresponding env vars based on them .
3637: Remove common English language停用词 from the input text 	e..g., 'is', and return only non - punctuated word .
3638: Returns the file's current 'TIER'. If no such TIERS exist it raises an error. It also returns one outof three possible
3639: Get the version of Julia package from its depenency .  If it doesn't exist return none and if there are any errors then raise them
3640: This function takes an instrument string and returns the corresponding STAC instruments list if it exists, otherwise None is returned .  It checks whether each possible prefix
3641: Set the API Key.  This function sets an internal variable that holds our unique identifier, which is used to authenticated requests made by other functions in
3642: Remove the 'pet' and its subkey if it exists.  Return pet dictionary only with keys that are not BLOCKED by Pets .
3643: Parses the response from an API call to get details about forums and returns them as dictionary with keys ' Name ', ‘ Hostnames ,’
3644: Returns the two numbers that can divide another number. If no such pair exists return an empty list .  For each element of input array , it checks
3645: Convert number to GAST. 1 unit = 0,937648 USD .   # TODO : add more details about the conversion
3646: Defines an operation to be performed on two numbers.  The result of the addition is returned as output .   "addNd" means that
3647: This function returns the elements of an input ‘n x n’ square Matrix in Upper Triangular form. If it's possible to convert that
3648: This function takes in the string of names and returns two values, first is last part after splitting by '[' character then second one gives length minus number
3649: Create an SageMaker URI to lock the execution of job flow.  This is used in conjunction with other AWS services like CloudWatch Events or
3650: Returns the eight neighbors of cell at yx in grid with height h. ...   ...    .     ..      ......      `....
3651: Calculates the Intersecting Object Union.  The function takes two bound boxes as input and returns their intersect area divided by union of areas which is
3652: Extracts the fourth element from each list within inputted lists and returns them as new output array – []. This function is used to get
3653: A function to check if an integer number 'is prime' . -->.----..---...-.-----.-.---(.)-------.........
3654: Convert lane details to Sample Sheets format – one line function that takes in the FCID and Lane Details . The output is converted into SS Format
3655: Returns the given string after removing any leading 'XR' from it, if present in uppercase format." 		   .strip().replace('
3656: Returns the index of split directory in which to place given files. If there are more directories than can be held by 'maximum number' then returns
3657: Limit the number of elements within an opts dictionary.  Replace Minecraft' components list with only one element, remove extra commas after each item
3658: This function checks if the inputs are within range and that they're integers.  It also rounds off to nearest integer as required by problem statement .
3659: Check if the commits are from web flow.  If not, return false; otherwise true .   [10 points]    Code : check
3660: Check if the given number 'n' can be expressed as power of two. If yes, return true else false . For example : n = 8
3661: Defines the function to get all possible positions that can be reached from current position on board with given wall constraints .   [ ][X][]
3662: Generates the URL based on server name & optional custom ports/paths if provided else default to standard HTTP protocol with given hosts address  .e..
3663: Clean text from special characters and new lines/returns – remove all the unnecessary stuffs that might cause errors while processing data .   -> Return
3664: This function computes the inverse of 6 by using determinant method. The input parameters are six elements in matrix form which represent rows and columns respectively
3665: Returns the URL of PORNHUB's video page associated with given PlayList ID on pornHub website .  This function is used to
3666: Returns the request parameters to be used in HTTP requests. 	Parameters : client id .   Type of Parameter - string	. Required or Optional
3667: Convert all the letters of each word to upper case.  Except if they are at start or end, only convert them when there is an unders
3668: Convert rankines to celciuis using the formula given in problem statement and return converted temperature value .   [Example : if input is temp =
3669: Returns the start of each new block from input string 'str'.  If there is no such thing as an empty "block", it returns None .
3670: Check if the file with given 'filename' is valid or invalid based on its extension and whether it exists in current directory, returns True/False accordingly
3671: Compare two version numbers. If the first number is smaller than second return '-1', if they are equal returns '=' and finally , when both
3672: Convert the input to an array of lists. If already in formated like [[a1],[b]] then return it directly else convert into one
3673: Check if two bounding boxes intersect.  If they do not overlap at all then return false else true . The function takes in the four corners of
3674: Add two vectors. 	Inputs : Two lists of integers or floats representing the coordinates in three dimensions . Returns - A tuple containing summed
3675: Split the given list of transaction objects into two subsets, with 7/9 ratio between them as in training and testing data respectively . The function
3676: Trace the overall index of each element within batch and return them as two lists .'s are used to track indices across batches.'   '
3677: Convert CammelCase to Snakeless Case – Converts the given string from "Camels case notation"(i,e., each word
3678: Convert binary to two's complement. If the input is negative, return its positive equivalent in tw’o comp form and flip it if not already
3679: Builds the filename from BIBCODE. 	Input : string, Output -> .JSON file name with extension	.Example:"198
3680: This function checks if the file is water image data (.tiff or .TIF).  It returns True when it finds an appropriate extension, False
3681: Calculates the difference between maximum and minimum values of each row. This is used to calculate an overall "check sum" or integrity check value, which
3682: This function calculates the maximum value between zero and one divided by two input values respectively if they are not equal to zeros otherwise it returns an extremely
3683: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3684: Map the given tokens to their standardized form using an Alias Dictionary .  The dictionary maps each unique input string into its corresponding output value or '
3685: Convert an image from the srgb color space to yco_cie97 . Converts rgb values into equivalent Y' ,
3686: Returns the cell that was last reported.  If no such report exists, returns None .  	Inputs : i -> integer index of current
3687: This function checks if two elements in the input are equal. If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True or an array of boole
3688: Checks if the given string represents an IP address with 3 octets of numbers from range [1..n] where n = ^[a
3689: This function processes the input data to prepare it into an appropriate format suitable as part of further analysis or visualization tasks such that each dictionary contains keys related
3690: Check if the given coordinates are within matrix bounds. If yes then check whether it's an empty cell or not; otherwise return false .
3691: Match paths according to the given pattern in Python's os module  .   It can be used as an alternative of fnmatch library which is not
3692: Computes the hash of an object. This is used in various places where hashing needs to be done, such as database indexing and caching
3693: This function implements the "cubic ease in out" easing algorithm, which is used by many UI libraries to animate elements or create smooth
3694: Defines two functions to calculate the greatest common divisor and least Common Multiple of 3 numbers. The Greatest Common Divisors are
3695: This function takes in an input and returns the same output. If it's not string then return original data .  [END]  ```python
3696: Create an empty payload with default values. 	Inputs : None . Output -> A dictionary containing the keys and their respective defaults if not provided
3697: Split the given number of seconds into its equivalent in terms on Hours and Minute.  1 hour = 3789s .
3698: Check if one dictionary's subset of another – ie., every element from the first must be present and at least as many times within second
3699: Returns the class name if variable is equal to property. Otherwise returns an empty string . This function can be used in conjunction with CSS classes and
3700: Transform event data. 	Inputs : ctx -> context of the function call;  		    Param = parameter to be transformed ;
3701: Create and return the key of an object as string, which will be used to sorting dictionaries by keys .  If input parameter not provided or
3702: Check if the given command line tool exists in PATH or not 	Inputs : Name of Command Line Tool to check . Returns True/False based
3703: Calculates the cusp factor of an object. The lengths are given as [a, b ,c].  It returns cubical usability
3704: Checks if all characters in the text are repeated.  If so, returns True; otherwise False . Example : "aaa" -> return
3705: Convert the input to an integer in base 'n' if possible. If not convertible return zero and print error message .if conversion from string representation
3706: Returns the attributes of an object as list, excluding private ones like '_attr1', '__init__(...)'.  Note that it also returns
3707: Counts the number of live neighbors around cell at coordinates [X], Y. The function checks all possible directions from current position to find out how many
3708: Returns the structural variant type.  If two chromosomes are identical then checks if both extensions exist or not; returns INVERSION/DIFFERENCE
3709: Calculates the relative luminance of an RGB color value in human eye's perception range – from darkest to brightesst . The formula
3710: Convert the given argument into an appropriate format suitable as input parameters of 'ImportAPI'.  This function will recursively handle nested structures. If it enc
3711: Transforms the input integer into its last four digits.  If less than or equal to one thousand, return as is; otherwise split and reverse
3712: Set an environment variable.  If the 'value' is not None then set it to be used as env var otherwise delete that setting from system .
3713: This function returns the prefix of .m files in MATLAB scripting language, which is everything before last dot and after first slash
3714: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3715: Extracts the label of an object.  If it exists, returns its value; otherwise return none .   [10 points]    Code
3716: Clips the input to be within specified range.  If it is outside of that limit then clipping occurs on either end and returns new values .
3717: Generates the number of chuncks needed to store key with given bits and dimensions. The result is an array where each element represents how many blocks
3718: Compute and return the required evaluation measures. The function takes as input true positive rate 'TP', predicted length of sequence or string in characters , ground
3719: Computes the distance between two colors. The color is represented as three values representing red green and blue intensities respectively . For each pixel of an image
3720: Convert Optical temperature to degrees Celsius using the formula of conversion from voltage level in an optic component .  The function takes one argument,
3721: Remove trailing characters from the end of string if they match with given patterns .  If not matches then return original strings as it is..   Example
3722: Convert the given numerical rating to its string equivalent. 0 is considered as 'bad', and higher scores are rated better, with Excelling being highest
3723: 返回消息的来源类型。如果在开头或结尾找到“POS”，则为人类；否则认为是机器生成的
3724: “Creates an instance of the OnDemAndBoilEr class”. ...   [truncated] ... .py">
3725: A function to generate the nth number in Fibo sequence. It stops after given 'number of terms'. The first two numbers are always zero
3726: Implement XOR operation on two numbers.  If both bits are same return false else true .   Code is used to implement the xnor gate
3727: Convert the sequence from one strandedness into another.  The function takes three arguments; start position of first segment in original string/sequence , end
3728: This function calculates the distance between two points on an edge of some shape. The number and size parameters determine how many steps to take along that line
3729: checks if the given content contains metadata in yaml format (.md or .markdown files).  Returns True/False accordingly..   [END]
3730: Linear interpolation between two points. 	Inputs are the coordinates of both endpoints and one new point to be extrapolated along
3731: Calculates the correlation between two sets of data points.  The result is then used to determine if multivariable analysis has occurred or not . If
3732: Find the middle value of three numbers. 3 inputs are provided to find out their 'median'. If they're not in ascending order
3733: Calculates the sum of differences between consecutive elements. 	Inputs are an integer 'x' and two lists/arrays with equal length which
3734: This function sorts the genes based on their values according to given criteria and returns them as list of tuples with original keys .  For example if
3735: Convert Cygnet to Windows style paths, replacing "/" with "\".  If the input is already in windows format return it as such . e
3736: Returns the common type of an object.  If it's stock, returns 'Stock'. Else if product or both are present in actions
3737: Computes the function f_n of n in terms on kleins gasket. The input is an integer, and returns its value as output
3738: Encodes the answer to be used as an index.  If it is already encoded then returns its position else encods and return'sd id
3739: Render git describe output.  If closest tag exists, return it; otherwise if there's distance to the nearest commit then append that with -
3740: Parses the given string into its components in form of major, minor and patch versions .  If not possible to be parsed returns none	.
3741: Reads the stoke parameters from an optical system' s .  cali b ration f i l e nam  >0 and returns
3742: Count the number of bits set in an integer. This is equivalent to counting leading zeros, but faster and more efficient than bitwise operations or Python
3743: Calculates the GC content of DNA sequence.  Input is expected to be string type, returns float value representing percentage at which base pairs are G and
3744: Convert given value in mev to mkg .   Input is the energy of particle, output will be converted into mass and then by dividing it
3745: Sanity check the input string to ensure it'll be used as an acceptable file or directory path in Unix systems, and return sanatized
3746: Checks if the given string represents one of several collections.  Returns true or false accordingly .   Collection names are case sensitive and can include special characters
3747: Format command as short and clean. 	Type of input : string or list . Type output：string	. Short form命令格式化
3748: A function that generates an unique string from the input parameter. The generated output is then hashed using SHA1 algorithm and converted to lowercase as
3749: "Recursively recalculates the number of bits in each byte." } 	def main(): pass.  			if __name__
3750: Generates the set of elements that are in one list but not another by comparing their order within each other's lists . -->
3751: This function pads the given list with 'desired length' by adding `Default value` at end of it until its size becomes equal to that required
3752: Create and return kubernetes configuration object.  This function will create the necessary K8s Configurations to connect with specific clusters/servers using
3753: Return the input as is. This function does nothing but return its argument unmodified, which can be useful in debugging or logging purposes to see
3754: This function calculates the value of Nakamoto's no. b in relation to some other parameterized values – it is used as
3755: Returns the name of file or directory from its full/absolute PATH .  If no extension is present, it returns only base filename without any extensions
3756: Check if the given string represents an AWS Cloud Formations Custom Resource type or not – either `aws://cloudformation/stacksets`,  `
3757: This function returns the user id, name and channel ID. 	Inputs : dict of any type . Output - tuple with three elements as per
3758: Normalizes the given string to remove file extensions (.POEM_, _LIBRIOX, etc.) and returns only base filename without extension  .
3759: Counts the number of nonempty fields present at least once within an input data row or column – excluding headers and footers if specified .
3760: Checks if two strings are semantically identical by comparing their lines of text content only and ignoring any differences due to whitespace or formatting
3761: Returns the result of flipping bit at position 'p' in binary representation. 	of number "num". It does so by performing an X
3762: Create database URI. 	Inputs -> Database type as string ('mysql', 'postgres'), User name and Password are strings , Host
3763: This function takes in three parameters - the name of an RGB or HSV pixel and returns its corrected value according to Gamma correction. The values
3764: 1. Code to read the text file and return its content as string  .   [0]    ,     "r" ) : str
3765: This function takes two parameters and returns the next element in list.  The first is an initial value of variable 'a' which can be any string
3766: Convert list of musical note names to their corresponding measure numbers – one line function that takes as input the name/note and returns its equivalent number on
3767: Create one line of FASTQ format.  The input is the id and sequences in three parts separated by newlines respectively . Q values are not
3768: Check if the input string can be parsed as an integer or float.  If it's not parsing correctly then return false otherwise true .
3769: Checks if two windows overlap.  If they do not then returns false otherwise true .   It checks the first window's word by index and
3770: Returns the last jump from step. 	Parameters : Value to be returned as output . Example usage -> print("Last Jumped
3771: Return the input string with ANSI escape codes applied if requested. If not supported by current platform then return original unmodified version of it."
3772: Returns whether the given destination is one of those specified by 'all' and returns all other ones.  If no specific nodes are mentioned then it will
3773: Clean email titles by removing non numeric characters and ensuring they are 7 digits long; returns true if valid else false .   [3pt
3774: Return the year and two digit of Month in string.  For example : "1986/Jan" . Format is YYYYMM
3775: Simplify data from the given dictionary or list of dictionaries into simpler format suitable to be used as input by other functions/methods that require simplified
3776: Implement the Soft Thresholder Operator. This operator is used to perform threshold operation on input data in order not only reduce noise but also
3777: checks if the inputted strings contains any repeating characters and returns whether or not there are two consecutive repeates of one character as well an three conseq
3778: Import string from the given context. If not found in cache return None else import it and store into Cache .   Code is used to fetch
3779: Returns the value of bit at position 'i' in binary representation. If negative number is passed then it raises an error message "negative numbers are un
3780: Calculates the bandwidth of an ERB signal in dB/Hz using its frequency component . The formula is derived from Frequency Response Analysis and used to
3781: A function to compute the square root of an input number using Babylonian method .  It uses approximation and compares it with actual value till desired
3782: This function takes in the section title and returns it as lowercase with spaces replaced by underscores. It is used to generate unique ids from
3783: Convert input to either an array or single element.  If the given argument is already of one form it returns as such otherwise converts into that format
3784: Convert the given genomic location to coordinates in form of chr and start/end positions  Code is used by other functions like getChunk()
3785: This function calculates the minimum difference between two subsets of given list. It uses recursion to calculate all possible combinations and returns smallest one among them,
3786: Normalize the given number to be between 0 and .9. If it is less than or equal zero return None; if greater then normalise
3787: Splits names into individual elements and removes duplicates from the resulting lists of splitted strings, then returns them as one line string separated by comm
3788: Parses the instruction and returns list of valid alphanumeric strings from it .  It filters out empty string or non alpha numerics characters
3789: Mix two strings together with the given percentage of one string to another 	Example usage : "mix('aa', 'bb' , .3)",
3790: Check if the given word is an adjective.  Returns true or false based on whether it's one of Jargon, Adjective and Ver
3791: Check if one sequence is compatible with another.  If so return True else False . The sequences are considered to be "compatible" when they have at
3792: Compare two version strings using the format "major.-minor" or just major if no minor part is specified . e..g., '3'
3793: Broadcaster function.  If the two inputs are equal it returns one of them otherwise raises an error if they're not compatible with each other
3794: Calculates the average of weights from each tuple within an inputted array. If no data exists return zero and if it's empty then returns z
3795: Finds the top N popular music artists based on average popularity and range of ratings within specified parameters – upper bound & lower bounds are inclusive . The
3796: This function generates the name of picle file to be used in pickling and unPicking.  It takes an integer as input, converts
3797: Create dictionary with departure, arrival and date from the given list of results.  The number is also included in it as well .   Input format :
3798: Calculates the width of an image that would be displayed on screen if it was scaled to fit within its natural aspect ratio.  The result is then
3799: Calculates the slice of an array that should be used to get all elements in rank order.  The function takes three arguments - current process's
3800: This function formats the compile plugin configuration to be used with an external compiler/interpreter, taking into account if it starts its ID string from X
3801: Returns the compatibility level of an operating system or software component based on its major and minor versions numbering scheme . For example : if it's OF
3802: Convert an integer to binary. 	Inputs : value -> Integer number . Output is the equivalent of input in Binary form as string	.
3803: Add two  matrices. If the number of columns is equal then it adds corresponding elements from both matrixes and returns new Matrix else return null .
3804: Check if the given string starts with an underscore (_).  If it does, return True; otherwise False .	Example usage : print("is
3805: This function cleans the dictionary keys by removing any instances of 'name' from them and replacing it with an empty string if they are found at all places
3806: Convert Hub ID'S to DatasTores based on the given list of 'Hub I D S T O R E s'.  This function
3807: Generates the opacity of each cloud based on its total counts in terms per centages . If there are more than nine clouds, it will return less
3808: Compute the KS point of two distributions.  The function takes as input an array with distances between points from one distribution to another and returns which
3809: Convert string to boolean or integer, depending on its content; if it's already in the form of bool/int return as such otherwise convert into
3810: Returns the value of an investment with interest rate 'p' compounded over time period in years. The formula is derived from compound annual growth and decay
3811: Computes the number of times to multiply by ten in order until we reach less than one. This is equivalent with finding out how many digits
3812: Compute the product of three numbers. Code is written in Python language and uses builtin function to compute multiplication operation on given inputs .
3813: Check if the sum of two grades is equal to another.  If so return true else false . This function checks whether or not one student'
3814: Convert CIDR notation to net mask format . e g., convert 'C:\Windows\System' into '.', which means the network address and
3815: A function that rounds down the input number to its nearest multiple of given 'step' size.  If no such value exists it returns original integer if
3816: Convert time string to seconds in the format hh::mm :: ss . e g t o f r l y year nnnn   dd
3817: This function returns the minimum edge between two nodes.  It uses an adjacency matrix to find and return minimal value of edges connecting any pair from
3818: Returns the third bit of an integer. If it's not present, returns zero . The function takes one parameter which should be either int or float
3819: Returns the last k elements of list/array.  Code is used to get tail from an array or string etc.." .   [END OF
3820: This function cleans the list of files by removing any file names that are present within an array provided as 'stopper'. The cleaned up version is returned
3821: Create an object with the given 'modal' name. 	Inputs : string -> returns dictionary . Modal is used to create dialog boxes
3822: Calculates the sum of all elements within an array. – Code is used to calculate and return sums based on different data types such as integers or
3823: Match the given bucket or collection with its id.  If it matches return True else false .   Resource name is either 'B' to represent B
3824: Counts the number of primes less than given integer.  Code is based on Siev algorithm to find all prime numbers upto 'N'.
3825: Convert spherical coordinates to Cartesian coordinate system in the topographical map projection of Earth's surface using latitude and longitudes as input parameters . The
3826: Check if the given item is related to university students.  If so return true else false .   ## Code : check whether an object belongs or
3827: Compute the number of nodes to be used in parallel computation based on worker count and tasks per node processing capability  .   [1]_.
3828: Returns the symmetrized list of limits. The average value is used as symmetric point in both ends .  10/3 -> 6 ,
3829: Returns the version of an object. If not available returns "-".  It also checks if it's string or dictionary and then looks up ' __
3830: This function takes in an input sequence and replaces all occurrences of 'at' with the respective character, returning it as uppercase letters only
3831: This function always returns true. It is used to trigger the Lambda Function when it's not being called by any other service or component in AWS
3832: Computes the product of all integers from 'N' to ‘M’. Code is used as an example function that calculates factorial using
3833: Remove specified elements from the given collection.  For example if you have [10,'a',34,"cat",'dog'] and ['
3834: Resolve text from bytes. If fails to decipher it with utf and windows – try other methods .   [...]"}}'s
3835: Get the name of an object. If it's not string, try to return second character if available else raise error .  [getnamen
3836: Get the output file name of python library files (.dll/.dyld).  If not found then get it from other configs .   [
3837: Returns the difference between corresponding elements of two lists.  For example [34,-78] -> [-69]. If one list is
3838: Convert duration in minutes to formatted hours and min. Example -> '13':'48'. This function takes the number of mintues
3839: Checks if the given string is an underscore.  It checks that it starts with two "_" characters, followed by any number of nonunders
3840: Convert the given Panopt content to target format. 	Inputs : Dictionary of type 'PanOptContent' and Configuration dictionary . Returns ->
3841: Ensure string length is within specified limit. If the input exceeds that size then truncates it to fit into given space else pads with spaces until its
3842: Mock the response from an HTTP GET to url with given headers and status. Returned by get() method of requests library in python . If no such
3843: Implement Newton's method to approximate the square root of given numbers. The algorithm starts with an initial guess and then improves it by refining its
3844: Retrieves the base price of an object from PMGR data structure  [PM GRAPHICS RENDERING MODULE]. If
3845: Returns the equation of line passing through two points.  The slope and intercept are returned as separate values."   [...]"The function takes in
3846: Preprocessing function to clean up the given file/directory paths by removing trailing slashes or backslashed if they exist in them, and returning
3847: Parses the name of an IoT Device.  Removes 'IoTHub' from start and end . Returns remaining part after removing
3848: Check if the first box lies inside second one.  If yes then return True else False .   Inputs are two tuples of four elements
3849: This function calculates the most common element of an input list 'L'. It does so by first removing duplicated elements from L and then counting their
3850: Convert string to list of strings, split by comma .  The input is the original text and output will be converted into an array/string format with
3851: Create an array from the input. If it's not already in form of Array then convert to one else return as given .  # Code :
3852: Checks if the given string 'str' reads same backward as forward. If it does then returns true else false . The function checks only alphan
3853: This function takes as input an .tsv file name that represents either subject data from one of two different types, ‘Brain Imaging Data
3854: This function calculates the maximum possible distance between two elements of an array. It first finds out which element is far away from its position, and then
3855: Normalizes the given vector.  The result is normalized to have length one and its direction remains same as input .   Input : [[0., -
3856: Compare two values. If they are not equal return True else False  Code Example : print('compare', 'equal') if __name__=='
3857: Given two lists of tuples where each tuple represents an element in the list with 3 attributes - name , age & dominance. Return True
3858: This function calculates the number of times we need to multiply by two before reaching or surpassing 'number' in logarithmic scale. It
3859: Convert decimal to binary coded double.  Converts the input number into its equivalent BCD representation using bit shifting and addition operations on each individual
3860: Finds the closest divisible number that is greater than “one”. If no such value exists then returns "none". The function takes two
3861: Returns the overlap between two intervals.  If there is no intersection then returns zero else return length of intersecting part .  	Inputs : Two
3862: This function joins the given name with an extension.  It takes three parameters - 'basename', and two strings respectively which are to be joined together
3863: Create an action tuple. 	Inputs : timestone ,target id and the data to be sent with it . Returns -> A TUP
3864: Get the project name of an uploaded file in Google Cloud Storage using its full URL or local filesystem paths . 	Inputs : Path to upload/
3865: Convert Human readable numbers to real number. For example, convert "34k" into integer value of approximately equal size in bytes and so on
3866: Convert pixels to coordinates in 3D space. The function takes six parameters - the two dimensions of an image and three offsets that define how much
3867: Convert the coordinates of all points to be on one plane. This function will take as input an array with paths, and return another list where each element
3868: Normalizes the input to be either an integer or floating point number. If not valid then returns false else return it as per requirement – e..
3869: Create and return dictionary with timestamp in epoch format. 	Inputs : time stamp as integer or float . Output is the same type of input but
3870: This function prints the termination message.  It takes two arguments - 'Status' and time duration in seconds which is used to print out when it was
3871: This function returns the command to move towards or away from sea level. The state is used as input, and it will return an object with one property
3872: Get the extension of an input file.  If not recognized return empty string . Otherwise returns its corresponding value from dictionary {"dta":"","csv
3873: Convert ASCII to HTML. 0xXX is replaced by its corresponding character, except special characters which are escaped with &amp; ."
3874: Get the group of users from an input. If it's given as integer then return only that number else if its string contains : character than split
3875: Create an API endpoint URL from the given parameters.  The returned string is in format http[s]//<HOST>:[PORT][API
3876: Returns the username or email of an object. If neither is present, returns None  .   Code length :10 chars -> less than
3877: Check if the string s contains any repeated characters. If so, return True; otherwise False 	Input/Output Example :is_digit('
3878: Returns the list of vulnerability types that can be inflicted on an object.  The function is used to extract all possible weaknesses from mon
3879: Computes the difference between two matrices.  The result is obtained by subtracting an elementwise multiplication of each corresponding pair in both input arrays with their
3880: Compute the distance between two points.  The function takes as input an iterable of pairs or tuples representing coordinates and returns their respective distances
3881: Returns the minimum term of all terms stored within dictionary d, where each key is an integer and its corresponding value represents how many times that number appears as
3882: Convert entity and type into GRN format. 	Inputs : Entity Name Output -> 'EntityName' in grayscale image network
3883: This function calculates the value of an element in array. The formula is derived from geometric progression and arithmetic series sums . It's used
3884: Normalizes zip codes to 4 digits long by adding leading zeros if necessary and removing any non digit characters from the input string .   #
3885: Remove the full and slim builds from an array of builds. 10/3rd split, where one third is used as training data while two
3886: Returns the string with leading zeros.  The number of characters in result is equal to 'digit' parameter passed into function . If original integer
3887: Calculates the mass of an isotopic fragment given its molecular weight and other parameters.  If it is contained in another compound or not .   The
3888: Update dictionary with data from another dict. If the key exists in both dictionaries then it updates that value else if only one of them has certain keys
3889: Computes the one way kullback–leibler divergences between two distributions — or more generally any pair of probability distribution functions .
3890: Linearly interpolates between two values based on the parameter 't'.  It's used to create smooth transitions in animation or other similar tasks where
3891: This function partitions an array into chunks of equal size.  It returns the list with all elements divided by their respective chunk sizes as specified . The
3892: This function checks if an input file has any invalid or unsupported formatting and raises error message otherwise returns true .  It also ensures that only certain
3893: Calculates the Intensities of different colors in an image.  The intensifies are calculated by taking average color values and then applying some power to
3894: Check if the given object 'isa' .Process.  If it does, return True; otherwise false or exception message in case of any error occurs
3895: Replace 'Git' with the equivalent of Git command line tool, but only if it is found as part or first word on string . e
3896: This function implements the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to find greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It returns g and h such that ax + by
3897: Initialize an empty dictionary.  This function is used to initialize the image dictionaries that will be created by each individual detector .   It takes as
3898: A function to calculate the sum of digits in an integer. If input is less than zero, raises error message "input should have been nonnegative
3899: Returns the two terms that make up an ordered pair.  If input is not valid, returns error message 'invalid' .   The function takes in
3900: Count the number of levels/subdomains within an IP address.  For example, if given 'google' as input it will return "3
3901: 返回一个列表，其中包含了条件中指定的所有值。例如：getWhereColumn([('a', 'b'),
3902: Calculates the score based on given parameters. The higher is better in terms of scoring function used by system to decide which page should be displayed first when
3903: Return only the first n elements of each list. If there are fewer than 'n' items left after filtering out those that have less or equal to
3904: This function calculates the probability of an event occurring in given text using word frequencies from provided dictionary/text file – used to train machine learning models
3905: Returns the bounding box of points.  The four values are returned as minimum and maximum x, y coordinates respectively." ---> Code Summary
3906: Create an animation of falling objects. The object will start at the top and slowly falls down to reach its target position in time proportional with speed calculated by
3907: A function to perform interpolation between two points.  The result is the value of an object at position 'index' in its range from start point
3908: Returns the significance level string based on provided probability value, with different levels of precision and significance determined by threshold values ​​for each category in terms that
3909: Sanity check the ids in the database and remove any invalid characters or spaces from them before storing to db  .   # TODO : Add more
3910: This function takes in the name of an image file and returns its corresponding video number as integer, which is used to identify frames within that particular sequence/
3911: This function takes an integer as input and returns the square of that number.	Inputs & Output Examples :task1(-3), -9,
3912: Search function to find the parameter or status of an object based on its configuration id/id .  If not found return none   Code length :1
3913: Delete n elements from the sequence.  The position and number of deleted element are provided as input parameters to function .  	Example usage :delete([
3914: Calculates the number of segments and blocks per segment based on total losses plus one to account also last block if there are remaining unprocessed data .
3915: Returns true if the file at given 'v' matches with any of its parent directories. If it doesn’t match then returns false .  It
3916: Split the input string into two parts at '==' and return dictionary of values from second part as keys, first one to be used in other
3917: Convert an array of uint36 to asci string. Each pair is converted into one character from the corresponding set Ascii characters . The conversion
3918: Exit if the current frame is greater than or equal to maximum frames.  If true then print "exited" and return false otherwise continue with
3919: Checks if the string has equality signs. If it does, returns True; otherwise false or one character of equal sign in between two strings that are
3920: Compute the overlapping area between two bounding boxes.  If there is any intersection then return true else false .   The function takes as input
3921: Convert string checkpoints into integers. If the input isn't convertible, return it as integer if possible or keep original otherwise  .   [
3922: This function returns the level of knowledge or understanding based on KAPPA score, with “none” if no such interpretation is possible . The scores
3923: Returns an object with the "object's ID".  If inputted as str then returns just that. Else if it’is in form
3924: Returns the URL with all reviews included if it'll return more than 3 pages of results, otherwise returns only one page result set and adds '
3925: Calculates the precision of two phrases based on their common elements and total number o felements . If one is empty returns zero as its not possible to
3926: Get the integer value from RGB color. 0 <= R,G ,B <= 4*UINT_MAX .   ## Uint is
3927: Convert character set to encoding. This function converts the given charsets into their corresponding encodings, which are then used as input parameters
3928: A cubic function with parameters γ and μ defined by the equations of three variables in terms on one variable X . The coefficients are given as inputs to
3929: Convert the remark to parsed and string format.  If no input is given return NONE or 'NA'.  	Inputs : Remark in
3930: Get the list of available software releases from an entry's JSON data, or default to v1 if no release is found .  [JSON]
3931: This function splitts the input example into its feature dictionary and labelling it as per given tensor names .  It also removes these tensored from
3932: Calculates the area of triangle with sides as inputs to function .  	Inputs are three numbers representing lengths in any two adjacent edges and one side
3933: Check if an argument is of correct type. If not it throws error message with name & description about what went wrong .   [ ] - no exception
3934: Calculates the percentage of positive numbers in an array. If all elements are negative, returns zero; otherwise it calcula... .' [3 lines
3935: Removes the 'torch' prefix from keys of PyTorcH StateDicts  Input -> CleanedPyTOrCHState
3936: Checks if the given string is in markup language.  Returns True when it's one of jMD, {js},{python}.
3937: Get the project id from google managed services accounts emails .  This function will split an input string into two components and return second component which is usually used
3938: Checks if the given list of numbers has any two distinct elements. If it does then returns true else false . Example : [3 ,4 ]
3939: This function takes in an input string and returns the date information from it as dictionary format .  It splits by '-' character to extract Year ,
3940: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
3941: Convert the input value to boolean. If it is true, return True; otherwise False . 	Example :interpret("True") -> returns '
3942: This function calculates the price of an item by adding half its value to itself, which is used in some cases where you want more than one unit
3943: This function converts all uppercase characters in the input string into lower case letters using Python's builtin .upper and str methods, respectively..
3944: This function calculates the total of all multiples up to n that are either divisible by both three and five, or only one number is less
3945: Returns the intersection of two lists by comparing their unique string representations .  It uses dictionary to store nodes with same representation and then extend it'll be
3946: Remove the border style of none from CSS file – remove all instances where there is no specified or undefined 'None' value in browser stylesheets,
3947: This function returns the highest price of an object in its list. If there is no such thing it will return zero .   [END OF SUMMARY
3948: Convert the given distance in miles into centimeters using conversion factor 1 mile=?centimeter .   Input is converted from one unit of measurement
3949: Check if the input string contains any numbers or digits only .  If it does, return False else True  	Inputs : str ->
3950: This function returns the color index based on value. It is used to determine which shade of gray corresponds with an input number, creating gradient from black -
3951: This function calculates the Peak Power of an electromagnet.  It takes three parameters - average power , puls width and repetition frequency .
3952: Calculates the Hammings distance between two digital hash values.  Returns an integer representing how many bits differ from their respective hashes to be considered
3953: Generates hyperlinks. 	Inputs : label and URL . Returns formatted string with the link text as "Label" followed by brackets containing
3954: This function calculates the Gausian series up to n.  It returns an integer representing their total value .   For example :gaussianSum
3955: Convert an object to utf 16 string.	Type of conversion required : UTF - encoding . Return type is byte array or bytes depending on
3956: Accepts two paths and returns true if the first one is an ancestor of second.  If not it checks whether they are equal or contains
3957: Builds the LookUp Tables.  This function takes as input an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents one field and its corresponding list/
3958: Generates the Rolling Hashes of given String.  The hash function is based on reversing and calculating ascii values at each character position
3959: Create an Event Filter. 	Inputs : Name of the property to filter on and operator type ('=', '>','<' etc.)
3960: Check if the current process id matches with given PID.  If it does match then return true else false or raise exception .   [Pid
3961: Check the type of indexed files based on their extensions .  If they are gzipped fastq, return 'fasqt' else if
3962: Convert sequence of numbers to string representation with hexadecimal formatting. 	Inputs : list, Output -> str . Example [1
3963: Returns the price of an item in your cart based on its name, if it exists else returns ‘no such product’ .   ### Code
3964: Returns the minimum and maximum values along each axis.  This is used to create bounding boxes around data sets that are represented as arrays of coordinates on
3965: Convert the given Job Activity to its corresponding type. 1st level jobs are of 'Production' and all other types fall under tiers below
3966: Interploates dose planes based on the fraction of up and low plane respectively .  It is used to calculate total doses in one patient
3967: Sorts the datasets by state priority. 	Inputs - list of dictionaries with "dataset" and 'name' keys; each dictionary represents
3968: Multiply two  matrices of size three by one another matrix and return the resultant vector .   # TODO : implement function to multipy mat
3969: Check if the given string represents an acceptable zip type. 1 or more characters long, and starts with "ZIP". If it does not start
3970: Defines the function to calculate new position based on current and time step size .  It calculates how far we have moved in one timestep
3971: Handle argument strings that are either single or double quotes, removing the surrounding characters if they exist; otherwise return as is – used to handle command line
3972: Apply function or method if it is possible. If not apply the default value and return None  .  	If object has no such attribute then raise
3973: Merge two filter lists into one list of unique items from both inputted filtres if second set exists; otherwise return the first filtered result as
3974: This function is used to generate the string with - between two strings. If both are empty it returns an emtpy String otherwise if one of them
3975: Map the serial number of each facility in list. This function takes as input an object with "head", and returns all its elements's
3976: Convert string to unquoted version of itself if it's enclosed in double quotes else return the original value unchanged 	Input/Output Example
3977: Returns true if the name contains 'virus'. Otherwise, returns false. This function is used to test whether or not an entity has been
3978: Convert tag to snakelcase format using underscore as separator 	Inputs : string -> Output is the input in lower case with
3979: Checks if the given string represents true value. “True” can be in any case, but it's always converted to lowercase before
3980: Approximates the latitude and longitute of multiple points given their coordinates as input list . The function returns an approximation based on average values over all
3981: Get the target to be installed.  If no specific package or its versions are provided then it will return just 'package' as default installation point .
3982: Returns the maximum number of datasets that can be created from given parameters. The function calculates how many max possible sets are there and returns minimum between these
3983: Get the file name suffix by given Framework.  If not supported, raise an error message .   Inputs : The input is one of T
3984: Returns the value of 'x' plus 3.	Example usage : print((get_val('a')+1)) -> 4,
3985: Computes the classification score based on binary classifications by comparing predictions with actual values and returns its value as float between 0 to .987
3986: Convert RGB to ACI standard using the LAB color space conversion algorithm defined by ACI standards and the Lab colorspace . The input is an array
3987: Clean the link text by removing unwanted characters such as tabs, newlines and spaces at both ends of it .  If no input is provided return
3988: Overrides the default behavior of keys in the keyboard input system by returning different actions based on specific inputs, such as changing function or escape characters to
3989: Wrap the coordinates around to fit within an array.  If out of bounds on one axis then move along that dimension by adding or subtracting from
3990: Returns the current value of 'Credential Location' from Service Proxy Settings.  If not present, it sets default values and returns updated dictionary with
3991: A function to calculate the Factorial of an input number. If no argument is provided, it defaults back at zero and returns its own value as well
3992: Checks if the given string is not an empty or contains only digits, and returns true otherwise false – Validates that all characters of input
3993: This function takes as input the entire entry of an experiment, and returns configurations related to models used. It also handles cases where certain keys are not present
3994: This function determines the key press based on an inputted number.  It returns one of four keys, w , A or S depending upon what value
3995: Returns default values of the parameters. 	Inputs -> list, each element is dictionary with "key" and	"default value". Output =>
3996: This function returns the URL of localhost with given http port.  Example output is 'https//localhosst/1963' .
3997: Convert hexadecimal to volts using the conversion factor of .0497 V/bit and return rounded value in millivolts or
3998: Check if x can be used as an operator. This function checks whether the object passed to it could potentially act like one of Python’s
3999: Interleaves two binary strings. If the length of one string is longer than another then it will take from shorter ones until they are equal or both
4000: Convert sentences to word indexes.  This function takes as input the original text and dictionary of known/unseen tokens; it returns an array where each
4001: Clean the input string by replacing spaces and exclamation marks with underscores – used to create unique filenames from strings of text data
4002: Returns the number of rounds used by training. If not specified it defaults as ten if no such parameter exists otherwise returns an error message stating that 'number
4003: Convert input into Boolean value, if possible else return None or raise error . --> If the given argument can be converted to bool then it
4004: Generates the Braid Lattice dictionary.  The input is an integer ibrav, which specifies whether it's in atomic units or Cart
4005: Convert UV from UVA to VUV. The conversion factor is approximately three times the standard deviation of one unit in each direction and therefore it's
4006: Calculates the conductivity of an ion channel based on its type and concentration in cellulose monodonts or other solvent solutions used as
4007: This function calculates the average and standard deviation of time list data points . The calculation is done by first calculating an array with each element being difference between
4008: This function splits the input string into individual elements based on whitespace or other specified delimiters, returning them as list of strings .  For
4009: Returns the first n numbers of Triangluar Numbers .   ## Input : an integer number 'n' and returns list containing f
4010: Fixes the Named Entity Recognition inconsistencies by replacing underscores with double colons and ellipsis to dots respectively .
4011: Join two paths. If the last character of one is / then join without it else add slash at end if not present already in both ends."
4012: Generates Pascale's triangle up to the given level of depth, represented as an array list with each sublist representing one row and all elements
4013: This function returns the string s with its color changed to Yellow. 	Example usage : print("Hello, World") -> prints "{\x
4014: This function calculates the number of bits required to represent an integer in binary. It uses bitwise shifting and counting, which is similar with calculating length
4015: Merge two dictionary objects into one with the second as overriding values from first if they exist on both keys and return new merged object .  If
4016: Calculates the extent of each basins in terms on an average monthly precipitation. The input is expected to be list containing integers representing months and flo
4017: Check if the given string matches one of several patterns, such as an identifier in Python or JavaScript .  The pattern checks that it starts with uppercase
4018: This function takes in an input string and splits it into its components, then returns the last part as class name of that module while all other elements
4019: Calculates and returns surface area of cuboids.  Inputs are length, width & height .   Output : Surface Area in cubic units as
4020: A function to check if the input number 'n' can be divided by any integer. If it cannot, then return True; otherwise False . This
4021: Convert string to boolean or integer/float on the fly if possible; otherwise return as it was given – Code snippet that converts strings
4022: This function returns the control policy of an agent in order to decide when it should take action based on time and other factors such as its state or location
4023: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4024: Create and return an empty rectangular grid of the specified width x heigth.  The values are filled with spaces (" ") .   This is used
4025: Extract the expression inside two brackets from an input string. If not valid, raise error messages accordingly."   [END OF SUMMARY LINE.]
4026: Returns the first token of an action. If it is "==", returns its value; otherwise raises exception if not found or more than one exists in
4027: Create an HTML anchor tag with the given URL and content. This function is used to create hyperlinks in web pages that can be clicked on
4028: Check if every element in the array/list 'is an integer'.  If not return False else True.  	True -> All elements are
4029: Checks if the given 'Point' is within or on one of two rectangles.  The rectangle defined by points "C" are inclusive .
4030: Create an element dictionary from list of elements .  If the type is comment, skip it and continue to next one if there are duplicate names then raise
4031: This function splits the input string by comma and returns list of values in it without any leading or trailing whitespace from each value .  For
4032: Implemented the function to search through files and return lines that match given regular expression patterns – similar functionality of Unix's "grep
4033: Flatens the input array.  If an element of 'input' isn’t iterable then it returns that single item as its own collection in
4034: Convert Python object to JavaScript Object.  Converts python objects into equivalent javascript values and types that can be used in the browser's Jav
4035: Parses the properties and returns list of all keys that start with '*' – these are considered as Wildcard Keys . e..
4036: Invert the bits of an integer. The bitwise XOR operation is used to flip each individual digit from rightmost set position towards left most one
4037: Clean the given file system paths by removing leading and trailing slashes, if any exist in them .  If no such operation is needed return original
4038: Concatenates all the textual content of given list/array 'annotation' elements.  The function takes as input one or more strings and
4039: Returns the center of gravity z offset in m given an object's type as input, returns None if it is not recognized or unknown .   [
4040: This function calculates the total of all odd numbers up to n. It does so by iterating through each number from one till 'N' and
4041: Returns the arguments needed to read CSV data from an online resource or local file path .  If it's base encoded in Base307
4042: Correctly handles single variable inputs.  If inputted as one element tuples are returned unchanged otherwise the original variables remain unaltered .
4043: Returns the constant value of 'k'. 	Inputs : int, float -> Output is always same.  10^n where n
4044: Get the prefix of an ID string, ie., everything before first dot in it or as is otherwise return input  .   Inputs : str
4045: Get the content length from an environment dictionary. If transfer encoding is chunk encoded return none and if Content Length exists then returns it as integer else also
4046: This function escapes special characters in the inputted CSV value to prevent it from being interpreted as part of an actual field by some systems or software
4047: Calculates the value of an input reactant in moles based on its stoic coeficient and optional unit conversion factor if provided .  If
4048: A function to calculate the squared value of an input. 	Inputs : number, returns output as integer or float depending on whether it is
4049: Initialize an empty list with underscores of the given word's size .  This is used to keep track and update each character as it
4050: This function generates the Lorentzen transform of an array. The input is three parameters - x : data to be transformed; bgk , background
4051: This function returns the number of estate that is given as input. If it's brown or blue, then return two else three .   ##
4052: 返回一个字典，其中包含状态和结果。如果错误发生则以"errpr":"True""的形式表示出来；否则
4053: Return the first name in each option list of an options dictionary like object .  This function is used to get all possible values from one or more fields
4054: Parses the input value as boolean. If it is not false, then return True else returns FALSE . This function will be used to
4055: Returns the Cross Product of two vectors.  The result is another Vector that points in direction from one point to other .   It's calculated by
4056: Split the input string into an array of substrings based on comma delimiter – if it's possible to do so else return original
4057: Returns the triangulare of `nth term. n's value must by an integer and it can’t negative."   .
4058: This function takes as input an array of dictionaries and returns the fields present within each dictionary along with their respective values from that specific entry point or key
4059: A recursive function to calculate the sum of first 'N' terms in Geometric Series. The series is defined as each term being equal with its
4060: Returns the list of feature tiles in 1D array format. This is used to extract all possible combinations from different configurations and store them into one big
4061: Convert the type of tc component to string representation 	Inputs : str -> returns String representing TC Component Type . e..g '
4062: Calculates Intersection over Union between two bounding boxes.  The intersection is calculated as the area of their intersect and divided by union which includes both
4063: A function that implements the back off strategy. It increases by one step at each level of failure until it reaches maximum limit, then returns max value after
4064: Replace all spaces in the given string with 'plus' symbol 	Inputs : String, Output -> Modified Text as per requirement .
4065: Get the name of doc string's return value from function parameter or method signature .  e..g., str, int -> returns 'str
4066: This function checks the current utilization of service and returns 'normal', if it is within specified thresholds; otherwise return either high or low based
4067: Convert unsigned 64 bit integer to signed. If the value is negative, return it as positive; otherwise do nothing and leave unchanged .   [
4068: Parses the given string and returns its constituent elements as an array of strings, removing any parenthesized content from each element in turn .
4069: Generates command string in the format of error message. 	Inputs : list or tuple, each element is an argument to be passed into shell
4070: This function returns the coordinates of an object in its centered position. The parameters are 'center', which is used to determine where on screen or other objects
4071: Returns the severities of different types based on C Haine's index. If it is less than four, returns zero; if between one and
4072: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4073: Extracting and sorting headers from each log entry of the given list, then returning them sorted by value as pairs .  The function is used to
4074: Compute Intersecting Area of two boxes in an image using the IoU formula . If one rectangle is not intersected with another , return zero
4075: Normalizes the URL by removing trailing slash and adding one at end of string, only when it is not present already in case otherwise return same
4076: Removes complex types from the given input Dictionary object and returns it as new one with only simple data structures left .  For example : {1:'
4077: This function calculates the probability of an external virus infection.  It takes as input parameters B -> the number density per unit area;	t =>
4078: This function calculates the earnings of an employee. It takes three parameters : basic earning rate ,net income and divident . The result is then returned
4079: Returns the URL of an IMDB movie page given its ID as input parameter .  e..g., https:/ / www .. com ... title/.
4080: Return true if the given object is of type 'eType'.  Otherwise return false.   [1pt] .oneline = True;
4081: Check if the given string is regular intervals. 1 day = 8640 minutes, and it should be less than or equal to one year
4082: This function calculates the average length of all given strings. 	Inputs : list[str] -> float . Returns an avg value
4083: Merge general metadata from multiple dictionaries. If the same key exists, it merges them together with '+'.  Returns an empty dictionary if
4084: Check if the given file has dependencies.  If it does not have any of these files as its dependents then return true else false or raise an
4085: Parses the issuing authority from an openssls output string by splitting on "Issuers" and then removing any leading/trailing
4086: Checks if the given grid of numbers represents an incomplete Suduko puzzle.  Returns True or False accordingly based on whether it's possible to
4087: Calculates the height of an object at its peak using APOGEES formula, given initial speed and acceleration due to gravity in m/s^
4088: Clean the expression to remove power operator ^ and convert it into ** if possible, else return original string 	Inputs : str -> Output =
4089: Check if the given string of digits forms strobogrammic number. A strogoframtic numeral consists only from {'.',
4090: This function loads the content of multiple files into memory and returns them all together – one dictionary where keys are file paths & values is their contents .
4091: This function calculates the number of links in an array. The link is defined as one pixel between two adjacent pixels on both x and y axis,
4092: Convert list of bits to number. This function takes as input an array/list 'column' and converts it into the corresponding decimal integer
4093: This function returns an integer indicating whether 'b' is "closer" to or behind/before the value of ```. Returns negative one if
4094: Checks if the input number or fractional value equals zero in an efficient way using Python's builtin functions like `abs` to handle very
4095: Collects the first separator node. If there're no more than one in sequence then returns it else return none .  This function will be
4096: This function sorts the digits of an integer in descening order.  For example it takes input as '134' and returns output like
4097: This function checks if the given sides can form an equilateral triangle.  It returns True or False based on whether it's possible to make
4098: Create and return an object with the provided parameters.  Status is either 'success' or error', Message contains any text to be displayed in response .
4099: Create Cassandra Index.  Code is to create an on the fly cassandra cluster's indexes .   It takes three parameters - Key
4100: This function calculates the border of each interval based on given parameters and returns them as list .  The first element is always equal to 'scope'
4101: This function takes an integer as input and returns its negative equivalent. 	Inputs : number, type = int Output Type=int . Returns the
4102: This function splits the input string into three parts based on non numeric characters and converts them to integers or floats respectively before returning as tuple
4103: Parses an Openpgp fingeprint record and returns the two components of it if they exist or return them otherwise – one
4104: This function calculates the dot product of two vectors.  It takes as input both one dimensional arrays representing each individual element and returns an integer that represents
4105: Fetches the HTML content of an URL and returns it if successful; otherwise reports that something went wrong with retrieving from url .  [request
4106: Create and return an object containing the information about one' s plotted data.  The returned dictionary contains all necessary details to recreate or analyze that particular
4107: Builds the name of an app' s files in lowercase and separated by slashes – used to generate unique keys from these names .e
4108: This function checks if the input is an RGB image. It returns true when it's either grayscale, black and white with one
4109: Removes null characters from the given string of Unicodes/UTF 36 encoded text, replacing them with nothing and raises an exception if any
4110: This function scales the data within given ranges. It takes three arguments; 'Data', which is to be scaled and its minimum value in "Input Vector
4111: Checks if the given string can be used as an available commmand. 1/0 or True / False depending on whether it's one
4112: Computes the quaternion multiplication.  Inputs are two four element vectors representing Quatonnions and outputs is another Four Element Vector which
4113: This function calculates the earliest timestamp that can be reached by all of your scheduled departures at one stop on an internal train/tram system with
4114: Convert CammelCase to Snakify Case, ie., convert "CamelsName" into 'cammeln'.  This function converts
4115: This function calculates the value of 3rd order polynomial using Horner's method. It takes four parameters - coefficients in decreasing powers from left
4116: Constrains the value within given range. 	Inputs : Value to be constrained , Minimum and Maximun values of constraint . Returns
4117: Counts the number of non whitespace separated word instances within given string input .  It replaces any occurrence that contains - + \ n with space
4118: Finds the largest prime factor of an inputted integer. – Code is written in Python language and uses Euclid' s algorithm to calculate
4119: Counts the number of occurrences within given 'main' function. It takes two parameters - main and secondary which are strings to be searched inside
4120: Returns the smallest of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Output - The smaller number between them if they are equal it
4121: Returns True if the last part of two URLs are different.  Otherwise returns False . If both parts match then it checks whether they differ in length
4122: Returns the next chunk of text from input string 's' that is separated by '-'. If no such separator exists in s then it returns an
4123: Filters out invalid data from the given JSON object.  It only keeps edges where both nodes have policies defined in them .   If either node does
4124: Convert HHMM format to seconds in the given date and return it as integer value . e..g., "HHMMSeconds"
4125: Convert RGB color to CMYK. 4 parameters are required and the function returns four values representing colors in different formats like hexadecimal or
4126: Compute the timeout value. The function takes two parameters and returns an integer representing how long to wait before timing out in seconds if no response is received
4127: Computes the maximum of two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Returns max value between them	. Example usage -> print
4128: Convert the given array of Strings to an external header.  The output is enclosed within double quotes and separated by commas .   Example :
4129: Returns the string representation of whether or not an object is in its initial off/standby mode. 1 = OFF, anything else means it'
4130: This function takes in the name of an input .txt or any other type, and returns two parts - extension part & without extention – as
4131: Create dictionary of all possible combinations from the given list/array "Relay" and generator names “Genesis” . The keys are Rel
4132: Checks if the given number 'is power of two' or not. A positive integer that can be expressed as an exact square in binary form,
4133: Check if GPUs are requested by the user or automatically determined from system information  .   [1]_.    .. note:: This function can also
4134: Returns True if the input is close to ‘zero’, else False . This function checks whether an element in data set equals or approximately equal with
4135: This function takes two parameters first and lasrty name. It returns the full formatted names of these persons in one line separated by space .  For
4136: Creates an empty matrix with the given number of rows and columns. Each element is initialized to ‘zero’ or zero value as per requirement .
4137: Split the sequence into blocks of given size and return as list – each element is one fragment from original sequences . For example if we have '
4138: Calculates the interpolated emission of CO<sub>xx </ sub>  in gCO₂eq per kg CCS  at any given year
4139: Check if the given 'domains' are within any of our defined DNS servers or not – returns first matching server name found otherwise return none .
4140: This function returns the integer value of whether number is positive, negative or zero respectively .   [Solution] Code : return int((lambda x:"
4141: Check if the given time interval overlaps with any of previously defined segments.  If it does then return true else false .   The function takes two
4142: Parses string representation of range into two integers or one integer and maximum value depending on the formatting rules specified by user input .  For example
4143: Reverse an integer. If the input is negative, return its positive equivalent reversed number; otherwise do not change it and simply output as normal
4144: Check if the given string can be encoded as Latin 1. This means it contains only ASCII characters and no special or reserved character sequences like "
4145: This function calculates the mean of all user's posts per each unique Twitter account that has posted at least one TWEET on their timeline
4146: Returns the data within specified range from 'HistoricLoad' list.  The result is filtered by time and returned as per given parameters .
4147: Convert the path of an .onnx or tf litemodel to its corresponding test name in python scripting language  Code snippet
4148: Quit the program with an optional message. 	Example usage:"quit('goodbye')" -> 'Good bye' .
4149: Calculates the percentage of correct predictions. The function takes two lists as input - one with actual tags and another predicted ones by our machine learning algorithm .
4150: Moves the robot in given directions.  The first character of each string is either R or L to indicate right and left respectively while second part indicates
4151: Ensure that the input `.` .'s are valid binaries or integers within range of ASCII values to be converted into their decimal equivalent
4152: Convert distance in radians to radius at equator and poles, assuming constant Earth's surface gravity .  	Input : r -> Radian
4153: Compute the number of correctly classified nodes.  Precision and recall are computed as well .   The function returns three values - count , total golden
4154: Checks if the string starts with "s3". 1/0 otherwise . The function checks whether or not an inputted URL begins by '
4155: A function to calculate the sqrt of an input number using Newton's method algorithm, with precision upto .9746%. This is
4156: Write the given string to an external text or binary files.  If it doesn't exist yet then create one and append data otherwise overwritten with
4157: Filter function to check if string contains only alphabets/accented characters with length greater than 0 but less equal the specified number of
4158: Convert JSON data to Feature Collection. This function takes in the raw Json Data and converts it into an object that can be used by map
4159: Ensure all keys are present within the dictionary object, if not return none else returns original value of that particular element .  Code is used to check
4160: Check if the given dictionary contains all required fields.  If it does, return true; otherwise false .   Code :def checkValidPassports():
4161: Convert Stanfod' tag to the corresponding Universal Core label.  If not recognized, return 'Unknown'. ---> Code snippet
4162: Check if the given input matches slugs rules, ie only contains lowercase letters and numbers or hyphens (-).  If it does then return
4163: Search the dictionary of USB devices by keys. If not found return 'Unknown'.  Return both Vendor and Product if available else returns only one or
4164: Convert an integer to RGB. The input is the hexadecimal representation of color in form #rrggbb . Returns three values representing red ,
4165: Returns the ith element of two vectors in three dimensions. The result is calculated by crossing product between corresponding elements from both input arrays and then summing
4166: Convert the dictionary list to string.  The dictionaries contain 'route' and its corresponding name'.   If there is no such key, it will
4167: A function to calculate the base two logarithm of an input number. If not valid, it raises and exception with appropriate message."   }]}]
4168: This function is used to strip the first two characters of any string that starts with [ ] brackets, if present; otherwise it returns original input as
4169: Builds and returns an HTML link tag to the given CSS asset. 	Input : css URI, Output:"Returns html string of type <style
4170: This function calculates the value of XRoot.  The input parameters are 'X' and "Mu". It is used to calculate an approximation
4171: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4172: Adds the WDPP information to each article' s page properties and returns updated dictionary of pages with their respective protection levels from Wikipedia data provider .
4173: Checks if the given sequence of bases are indels.  If there's more than one base and it doesn’t match with reference then
4174: Returns the name of an image or video by removing its path from it's full filename  .e..g, if input is '/home/
4175: Convert normalized image coordinates to pixel values. This function takes as input the center x and y of an object in terms relative coordinate system with width 'w
4176: This function is used to calculate the new Learning Rate after each training phase.  It decreases by multiplying with 'decay rate' and then div
4177: Convert string to List of values using Commas as delimiters  Inputs : A String with commas separated numbers or strings, Output ->
4178: Parses the COCO category list into two dictionaries - one mapping class names to their respective IDs and another mapping superclassnames with
4179: Extract the domain name from an email address, ie., return everything after '.' in it .  [Example : input = "abcdef
4180: Convert special math symbols in string format into their standard mathematical notation equivalents, e..g., replace spaces with nothing and convert ** exponentiation operator symbol
4181: Convert light hours to kilometers per hour .	Inputs : Light Hours Output -> Kilometer Per Second   Example Input = 1
4182: Create an event data object to be sent on the messenger with information about one of our switches . 	Inputs : Switch details as dictionary {"
4183: This function returns the list of files that match both patterns within given inputted filenames  . The matching is case sensitive ie., it will
4184: Computes accuracy of predictions.  Code is used to compute how often our model's prediction matches with actual label .   It takes two parameters -
4185: Generates an array of tuples representing the positions and dimensions each individual grid cell will have on your 3D surface . The first element is
4186: This function fixes the range of x to be between [min= .43867 , max=  ] by clamping it within an
4187: Convert an object into list. If the input isn't of type Vector then convert it directly as one element array . 	Inputs : Any
4188: Checks if the current process belongs to main Tensor Processing Unit. This function returns true when called on an XLA runtime environment and false otherwise
4189: Calculates the number of full 'year' periods in given time span. The year is defined as approximately equal to three hundred and fifty thousand millisecond
4190: Remove leading and trailling pipe from string input 	Inputs : String, Output -> Processed Strings with pipes removed . Example "||
4191: Calculates the cycle's total force in kJ/kg. This function calcula... . It takes as input an integer representing time step and
4192: Invert the relation. 	Inputs : A list of tuples representing relations . Output is another set containing all elements from both sets and
4193: Scales the given value within its source range to destination.  The transformation is linear and inversely proportional with distance from original origin point of data set
4194: Negates the signal. 	Inputs : Signal, Output = [-Signals] . The function takes as input an array of signals and
4195: Checks if the inputted text contains only ASCII characters.  If it does, returns true; otherwise false .	Inputs : A String
4196: Generates the name of network file. 	Inputs : File prefix and Network number . Returns - The generated filename with format {filename} is
4197: Checks if the given longitude/Latitutde pair falls within or on one of two boundaries. If it does not fall in either boundary then
4198: Rotates the arc by given number of degrees. The result is always within [1847]° to <[9]. If it'
4199: Delete the signature from an email message, leaving only body text and subject line left in it . This function is used to clean up emails before
4200: A function to calculate the squares of numbers. 	Inputs : number, returns squared value as dictionary with key "square" .
4201: This function finds the smallest power of two that is greater than or equal to input number. It uses bitwise operation and looping until it meets condition
4202: Merge sequences into one sequence.	Inputs are lists of strings or integers and outputs the merged list with unique elements ordered by length descendingly
4203: This function returns the lower and upper bounds of an Interval. It takes two parameters which are mean value 'μ' & standard deviation/variance
4204: Swap bytes in an integer. This is used to convert between different endiannesses of data, such as from network byte order on the wire
4205: Returns the scaled down version of input dimension.  Inputs are resized to fit within given constraints while maintaining aspect ratio unchanged .   Scaled up
4206: Format string as Lazily evaluated. 	Inputs : formatting strings, returns formatted output on demand .   Output type is lazy evaluation of
4207: This function reverses the digits of an integer and adds them up. For example, if you input number '348' it will return
4208: Returns true when the denominator of two numbers are divisible by their least significant digit.  If they have no digtis at all then it returns
4209: Calculates the number of interconnected bonds between two types.  The function calcula...   [TRUNCATED] ... .   34
4210: Calculates the similarity coefficient between two sets of data. The higher value indicates more similarities in terms to each other and also within themselves . It is
4211: Classifies the given 'Value' into one of two classes based on its position within an ordered list. The first break point is considered to be at
4212: A function to perform addition of two numbers.  It prints "Good day world!" and returns the summation result .   #addition_of
4213: Rescales the input list of numbers to have total 1.0, maintaining relative proportions and preserving order with original elements' indices as they
4214: Removes the entries with null values from given input Dictionary . This function returns cleaned version of provided Dictonary without any entry which has
4215: Generates the parameter dictionary based on command line arguments and returns corresponding value from it .  This function is used to get all possible options that can be
4216: Convert string to boolean, with 'True' if the input is one of ['Y', ‘Yes’ ,“T”， true], else
4217: Trace eci function.  This is used to map linear functions into their equivalent cluster functionalities based on the provided index mapping from ECI indices
4218: Convert degrees to Decimals Degrees in the format of DDMMSS or MMDDYY – convert given tuple with hours and minutes
4219: Check if the current version of an application or library falls within specified range.  If it does then return True else False .   Example usage :is
4220: Compute the Intersection over Union and DICE coefficient between two boxes.  The intersection is computed as area of overlap in both bounding rectangles
4221: Returns the list of all unique user's name from given dictionary with their details .  "Participans Dictionary should have 'Name'"   and return
4222: Check if the given 'child' list contains only roots.  If it does then return True else False .	Type of data : List[str
4223: This function calculates the resistance of an electromechanical system given no load current in amperes, using equation derived from experimental data about electrical motors
4224: Calculates the probabilities of an event. 	Inputs : count instances and counts all possible outcomes . Returns probability distribution over these events	. Example usage
4225: This function returns the last part of file name after underscore (_).  It is used to identify pages in pdf files .   Example : "example
4226: Create undo configuration file from the given input list of devices to be logged out on LogHosts – default address is used if none specified by
4227: Calculates the maximum of two numbers using an approximation method based on their difference and summation to get rid off negative values in case they are not zero
4228: This function clones the given 3D array and applies modulo operation to each element of it with provided number as divisor/remainder
4229: Create and return the inverse of config dictionary as keys to values in given configuration file sections .  This is useful when you want your application's settings
4230: Check if the inputted value can be converted to an integer. If it cannot convert then return False else True 	Type of Data : List or
4231: Returns the positive numbers from an inputted number array.  Code is written in Python language and uses lambda function to filter out nonpositive integers .
4232: This function applies the given filter to an image and rounds it down or up according with provided parameters . The resultant value will be rounded towards zero but
4233: Check if two given arrays share an element.  If so return true else false .   Example :listsShareElement([1],[3]) -
4234: This function checks if the input value can be converted to numerics.  It returns True when it's possible and false otherwise . ---
4235: Convert PRESTO SQL to PHP equivalent using Python's built in functions and operators – no external libraries required .  10/3
4236: Generates an Action object with the given name and command.  The output is in bash format .   # noqa : disable L10
4237: Format the translation string. 	Inputs : Translation object, Output -> Formatted String of translated text .   Example "Hello World [
4238: Returns the survival value of an input. If 'Yes', returns one, else zero .   [getSurvedValue]    Code :def set
4239: This function takes in an input tensor and returns the preprocessing of it by scaling down its values to be between −1 & +1, which
4240: Clean the given AD ID. If it's longer than 4 digits, remove first four characters and convert to integer if possible else return original
4241: Calculates the derivative of function at x=x0.  The result is in units per unit time .  	Derivative with respect to
4242: Returns the name of an animal from its filename, assuming it is in lowercase and without any special characters or spaces except underscores (_).
4243: Finds the largest digit in an integer. This function uses recursion to iteratively extract each individual number from inputted integers and compares it with
4244: Sorts the sequence of tuples by length and then alphabetically. 	Inputs : list[ tuple ] Output -> List [
4245: Maps types from cpp file into python equivalents – const, std etc., and removes references . Returns string representation of that mapping	. Example
4246: RosenBrock function with two variables – the first is just one variable and it's square; second has double of its value in each
4247: Get values from nested dictionaries and lists recursive using given keys – Code snippet to be used as reference or base of your implementation .
4248: Sorts the list of dictionaries by report time. The dictionary contains two keys - 'Report Time' and an associated value which is another dict containing
4249: Computes mean absolute percentage error.  If arrays 'A' & '_P'_ are of equal lengths then it computs Mean Absolute Per
4250: Return the suffix of an SQS queue name if it ends with __ct/. Otherwise, return empty string .   Code snippet
4251: Resize bounding box by scale.  The function takes in the current size of an object and its original dimensions as well it returns resized version
4252: Get the version of data associated with given string. If not found return 'unknown'.  Code is used to fetch and compare versions from dictionary based on
4253: Given an array of paths and the corresponding directed acyclic graphs. This function converts each one into its sequence representation using given set or list
4254: Check if an ENTIRE list of SSIDS is present. If not found return true else false 	Inputs : List/Array with
4255: Calculates the corrected normalisation of rotation based on BHR value and returns it as output . The formula is derived from literature that calculus/stat
4256: Check if the course or semester has been marked as "Flagged".  If so return true. Otherwise false; else check requirement of each student
4257: Convert text to HTML formatting using Python' built in string replace function – Replaces special characters with their corresponding html entities . e g., &
4258: Check if two paths are neighbours.  If they have the same last element then return True else False .	Inputs : Two strings of characters
4259: Normalize the input to be between [min, max] with respecting its original size. If it's not an integer or is out of
4260: Extracts the specified key/value pairs from dictionary and returns two dictionaries with extracted values only .  The first one contains all items that are
4261: Merge two dictionaries. If keys are the same then values from second dictionary will overwrite first one's value .  Return merged Dictionary as
4262: This function calculates the GC content of DNA sequence by counting Adenine, Thymidien and Cytokinic base pairs from input string
4263: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclidean algorithm which is based on division and reduces time complexity from O
4264: A function to calculate the Fibonacci sequence. It uses dynamic programming and memorization technique where previously calculated values are stored so that they can
4265: Calculates the laxis frederich'sc flux at one point in space and time using an initial condition of u=1 . The result
4266: Convert bytes to human readable form. For example convert from KB into MB or GB etc.."   [END] Code Summary ][START][
4267: Check if point 'p' is within the bounding box defined by points ('a', ‘c’). The function returns True when it lies
4268: Convert trace context to string.  If no Parent ID provided then default it as zero .   Format the given parameters into one line of text with format
4269: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as str but with all non digit characters removed .  It uses python' builtin filter
4270: Returns the new position of an object on one side.  The direction is determined by 'distance' and it can be positive or negative . If you
4271: Computes the integral of an array using Simpson's rule. If there are overlapping segments between points then it uses trapezoide method
4272: This function saves the evaluation metrics of an algorithm to disk using .txt files with specific formatting and naming conventions specified by user input parameters such
4273: This function returns an integer indicating whether the first argument is less than or equal to second. If it's true then return one else zero . It
4274: Returns the concatenated string of three parts. 3rd parameter is appended to all strings and first two parameters are joined with underscore (_
4275: This function will remove all spaces from the input string.  It does not modify non space characters . For example, if you call it with "Hello
4276: This function filters out roidbs with no boxes from the input list of ROIs db entries .  It returns only those that have at least one
4277: Calculates the intersection of two lines given by their end point coordinates.  The function returns an array containing one element, which is another list with three
4278: This function splits the input string into its components and returns them in order of position within an assembly or genome sequence – ie., it
4279: A function to perform division between two numbers if they are equal or not zero and return the result of that operation else it returns default values like one in
4280: Extracts the state from an address string, if possible; otherwise returns empty strings . 10/3 -> NYC , New York
4281: Starts the PM – a process manager that supports Node.js applications with ease and convenience .	Description : This function is used to start an
4282: Returns the ordinal string of an integer. 0 is treated as 'zero'. For example, if you call `getDownStr` with argument
4283: Check if the given string contains only whitespace characters or not 	Inputs : A single character, String and/or List of Strings .
4284: Checks if the character at given index in inputted text matches with quotes. If it's an opening one then checks whether there are any spaces
4285: Convert DNA sequence to RNA. 1 Adenine becomes Thymiduric Acids T and U become Uracil . C is
4286: Returns True if www body is “real” response, False otherwise. This function checks the status of an HTTP request and returns true only when it
4287: Returns the rank of cards in poker.  For example, A is low and Ks high .   The function takes an integer n as input which
4288: Compute the rate of occurrence or frequency at which an event occurs among all events that occur less frequently than others by counting how many times each unique value
4289: Parse URL components.  If the input is not valid it will raise an exception; otherwise return as string in standard formatting .  10
4290: Find the smallest multiple of 'm' that is also an element within array/list "a".  If no such number exists return -.
4291: Calculates the polygon's surface and centroid using barycenter method . The input is list of tuples representing coordinates on each side or
4292: Construct an ecosytem matrix from the given list of taxa and their respective ecological systems.  The resulting array is used to represent
4293: Convert list of strings into dictionary where each string is split by '==' and converted to key/value pair 	Example usage : ['a =
4294: Clean other names from the list.  Remove those with less than five characters or ending either ")" .or ".com" etc.. Return cleaned up
4295: This function processes the data from one JSON file into another format using Python' builtin functions and libraries like pandas, numpy etc..  The
4296: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4297: Convert Cartesians coordinates into algebraic notation. For example, convert [0 , -9] from carthesian system with origin at the top left
4298: Check if the given file name is valid. This function checks whether or not there's an extension in .XML, and returns True when
4299: This function takes an arXive URL as input and returns the identifier of that paper version, along with its number in terms 4 digits format
4300: Check if the given string is an URL. 10 characters long and starts with either http:/ / https:. If yes, return true; otherwise
4301: Fixes the global/local kernels of CUDA C++ programs by removing unnecessary " __device__(..)" or 	" .* device" statements
4302: Create motion name based on test and sensors.  Code suffix is appended to the end of generated string . e..g., '01'
4303: Computes the derivative of function E with respect to its first argument at point x using central difference method . The result is returned as an approximation in one
4304: Calculates the time to wait before considering an endpoint unhealthy. This is based on consecutive failures and interval between each failure, plus additional waiting period
4305: Check if the given value can be parsed as an integer or float.  If it's not then return false otherwise true . --->
4306: Returns the characteristic time of an object.  The characterisitcTime is calculated as one divided by speed, which in turn gives us how long it
4307: Checks if it's possible to make the desired amount of chocolates with given number. If yes then returns true else false .
4308: Compare two fields. If both are not set return true if they're equal or one of them isn’t – otherwise false . This function
4309: This function calculates the sum of all multiples between two numbers that are divisible by either three, five ,or both. The input is an
4310: Learning rate schedule. Parameters : int, the current training iteration number . Returns float , learning rates at each step of train process based on given conditions
4311: Check if an object or list of objects are null/ empty – returns true when the input matches any condition above else false .  	Examples
4312: This function calculates the derivative of polynomial with respect to x. The coefficients are given as list 'coefficients'. It uses Horner's
4313: Generates sequence of operations to solve the given problem using subsets from two lists and returns them as strings – one string per operation performed on each list
4314: Get the details of an IP address entry from its "Attacks" section.  The function splits by semicolon and returns two integers representing
4315: Counts the number of items that are larger than 'item' at reference coordinate.  Items can be any object with comparison operators defined on it
4316: Look up parameters of an object model by field names . Parameters are looked at from the amodel's 'param'. If no parameter
4317: This function returns the start and end indices of fragments within an array. It assumes that each fragment is separated by one or more dashes (-). The
4318: Checks if the carrier object has any linked entities.  Returns true or false accordingly .  	Type : Function, Method , Class etc..
4319: Generates the list of .terraform variables files to be used in terraforming operations on AWS with specific environment and regions specified by user input
4320: Standardizes the input string to be either 'Product', ‘Synth’, etc., based on its content and context; otherwise returns original
4321: This function rounds the input number to given precision. 	Inputs : num -> Number , Precision . Returns rounded value of that particular digit
4322: This function calculates the value of B in equation A=B+C/R and C is calculated based on input parameter 'a'. The calculation
4323: Returns the approval status of an incoming Jenkin job.  If no actions are present or there is not approved operation then it throws error . Otherwise returns
4324: A helper function to check if the number 'i' can be divided by any other integer. If it cannot, then return true; otherwise false .
4325: Returns the rightmost occurrence of '\n' in given input, if any; otherwise returns original text as it is .  [END OF SUMMARY
4326: Calculates the length of line segment between two consecutive given point on xy plane .   Code snippet : #calculating distance b/w
4327: Generates the first N numbers in FIBONACCI sequence where each number is less than given limit 'given by parameter'. The function returns these
4328: Downloads the specified sequence files from an online repository.	Parameters : subset -> "train","test"/*"validity". Default is all .
4329: Return the absolute position of an object in space. The function takes three parameters : 'object's coordinates and returns its new coordinate on basis
4330: Calculates the excess amount of rainfall from an area.  The function takes two parameters - total rain fall and drainage rate to calculate how
4331: Returns True if the absolute difference between x and y is less than or equal to an arbitrary precision.  Otherwise returns False . This function checks whether two
4332: Checks if every element of the list is similar to given number. If yes then returns True else False  .  	Threshold defines how close
4333: Calculates the time it takes from one group of data points in an array. The calculation is based on number groups and total duration per each individual set
4334: Convert short channel id to long one. This function converts the given parameters into their corresponding values in an extended format used by Bitcoin and other
4335: Split an integer into individual digits.  For example, if num = 1348 then the output will be[1 ,  |
4336: Given an integer, return the absolute difference between it and twenty one. If greater than two hundred then double that distance else just subtract from there by
4337: Get the trackable region of an object with given 'zones' list and its unique identifier ('id') – returns first match found on provided
4338: This function returns the number of significant binary digits in an inputted positive int.  It uses bitwise shifting to count how many times we can
4339: This function calculates the differences between two dictionaries based on their keys and returns them as lists of unique elements that are not in any output dictionary'
4340: Convert an integer into its digits in reverse order, e..g., convert the number '348' onto array [6 ,  7
4341: Finds the first occurrence of metadata within an array or dictionary.  If found it returns that element else if no such data exists then raises exception .
4342: Convert millisecond time to string format. The input is the number of milisecodds since epoch and returns it in HH : MM
4343: Trims leading and trailing whitespace from string or strings within an array of characters/strings – returns the modified original if not already trimmed
4344: Convert the parameters of two different types mixture models to their original form.  The function takes as input four values representing coefficients in each model and returns one
4345: This function calculates the value of an object in 3D space given its position and orientation as input parameters, which is then used to calculate some
4346: Return True if the device id starts with "risinghf" or port equals 8. Otherwise, return False .	Parameters : dict of
4347: Computes the center of rectangle from its corners. The input is an array representing four points defining one corner and two other sides respectively . Returns three values
4348: Convert the input to power of ten, if it is not already in base 'e'. If x < 3 then return zero else calculate and returns e
4349: Defines an function that takes two parameters and returns one. Example usage is to call the defined method with some arguments in order return its result . For
4350: Sanits the inputted strings to prevent neojb from being confused with escape sequences and single quotes  .  	Input -> Output    '
4351: Minimize the elements of an object to its smallest possible value or return it if already minimized otherwise returns itself .  If input type not supported
4352: Creating GUI items with allowed mode list , buffer size and maximum frequency.  .   "mode": [1],	"buffer Size" :[
4353: Check if there is an X in the first row, second column to seventh.  If so return True else False .	True -> Winning
4354: A function that calculates the nth Fibonacci sequence using memoization in RediS server if available, else it computes
4355: Clips the value to be within given range.  If it's less than or equal but greater then an error is thrown otherwise nothing happens .
4356: Returns the given set of Nodes with their corresponding Weight as per provided Weighs .  If Total Sum is Zero then it raises an error
4357: A function that calculates the sum of all elements within an iterable object.  It uses Python's builtin 'for loop'.   .
4358: Calculates the Manhattan distance between two positions.  This is used to calculate distances in grids where movement can be either horizontally or
4359: A function to calculate the square root of an input number. It uses binary search algorithm which is efficient and fast in finding roots with floating point numbers or
4360: Calculates the temperature rise input power and given its associated weights in KWTs –> Temperature rises due to changes of energy density or
4361: Check if the input value 'start' falls within range [-nDim ,+ N Dim]. If not raise an error message with appropriate information about it
4362: This function checks if the inputted text/sentence reads same backward as forward, ignoring spaces and case sensitivity  .   Example usage : print
4363: Returns the link to GWAS Catalog of Genes and Variants. .   # TODO : Add more details here..    return
4364: Parses the given string into two floating point numbers that represent an interval of time specified by colon separated values like 0 to .1:.3
4365: Returns the default frequency of an AMES file, which is usually –XXX MHz or XXX kHz depending on whether it's audio data
4366: Compute the Hammings distance between two strings. 	Inputs : Two string values . Output - The number of positions at which input characters
4367: Removes an element from the dictionary.  If it exists then removes that specific key value pair and returns updated dictonary else return same one without
4368: A function to identify the type of simulator used by parsing input string.  If 'ART' is found, returns ART; if W
4369: Remove the specified string from start of input.  If not found returns original values if they are longer than given prefixed length else removes it .
4370: Returns True if the given DrOne object's state status equals to 'ACTIVE', otherwise False.  [1pt] ...   .
4371: Calculates the XP points based on player's level in game . The function takes as input an integer representing players current experience point, returns float value
4372: Parser function to convert json data into list of tuples with sorted by two parameters .  1.) Local score and number starred items;
4373: Validates the label of an object.  If no such attribute exists, it raises and exception with message "label or name is missing". Otherwise returns
4374: Compute the force between two points in space. The result is returned as an array of three elements [fx , fy] . This
4375: Returns the maximum value of X coordinates in given 8 points.   Code snippet to be used with other functions that require an array/list
4376: Generates the exclusion list. 	Inputs : List of files/directories to be excluded from backup . Output - String with all directories
4377: Wraps the input value within given range. If it'll go beyond max limit then subtract difference from current position and if goes below min
4378: Computes the surface of polygon with vertices given by list 'polygon'. The first two points are considered to be on x=y axis and thus
4379: This function returns the list of hashes that match an input name. It uses Python's builtin filter method to find matching elements from
4380: Check if target object can be called as public method or not – returns True/False . If the function has no underscore prefix then it'
4381: Convert string to dictionary object with the given input as key and value "1" . This function is used when you want your data structure in
4382: Convert the given fire simulation descriptions to dictionary of tag names and values – one per line, separated by commas . The input is expected as string
4383: Parses the return value from an API response string, if possible; otherwise returns 'None'.  If there is no ':', it tries to
4384: Calculates the total count of short term peaks in an array. The function takes three parameters - length 't' and time interval between two
4385: Check if the given URL points to an MUNKI package. 1/0 True or False based on whether it contains "packages" as
4386: Fixes the date format of census data.  If 'Guerney' or any part thereof is found, it changes to yearly convention
4387: This function calculates the distance between two points in 3D space. It takes three parameters - z and Delta are used to calculate Distance
4388: Returns the value of condition variable. 1 if lambd is greater than or equal to tau; otherwise returns zero .   [getVCond
4389: 检查协议类型。返回字符串形式的传入参数'protocol type'.如果输入为None或无效，则默认为
4390: Simplified version of the Svensson's function with parameters adjusted to be inverted and scaled by 0..3 range . The result
4391: Split the given string into its constituent parts based on an underscore character "_".  The resulting strings are returned in order as specified by their
4392: Convert an array of features to string format suitable as input into the model's training data set – one per line, with each value enclosed
4393: Convert time in Second to Duration. --> Code snippet of the function that converts given number into duration format like "1 hour
4394: Convert all uppercase characters to their corresponding, equivalent lowecase character.  For example 'A' becomes '_a', and so on... .
4395: Get the value of parameter from CloudFormation stack.  If not found return NONExistent . Parameter Key is passed to function and it
4396: Map the diameter of an ellipse to its corresponding radius. This function takes as input one parameter, c which is assumed equal or greater than zero
4397: Renames fields from FeatureCollection.  If 'Found' field exists, it is moved to the context['Matches'] else if meta exist then
4398: This function takes as input the name of an index file and returns its refined version, which is used to store indices in different formats (.indices).
4399: Get the current audio mixer output level in percentage, or return zero if unable to determine it due an exception occurred during execution of command "ampic
4400: Translate row of data into dictionary.  Key is determined by index and value from the input list/array 'col'.   The function returns translated
4401: Finds all possible combinations of fills that can be made from the given liter size and container sizes.  If no combination is found return an empty list
4402: This function returns the decryption of an input filename by adding -encrypt to its end if it is not already encrypted with .extention –
4403: Write non reflective segments to the BC file with given segment ids . The format is "segmentid , xcoordination" followed by
4404: Prepare the violation data with rules.  If no 'code' field exists then add it to each one of them using provided Rule object as reference
4405: Returns the start and end time of randomized duration. The returned values are in milliseconds since epoch when it starts counting from zero."
4406: Interpolates two colors based on the given mixing factor between ‘mix’ and 'not_mix'. The result is an array of RGB values
4407: Calculates the average of list elements with weights based on their position.  For example, if you have [1 ,3] and your weight is
4408: This function generates an empty triangluar matrix of given dimension. The diagonal is filled with the provided value and all other elements are set to another
4409: Checks if the given string starts with "flt", ends either ".ft." ,or contains only digits, returns true otherwise false  .
4410: Convert an input into either integer or floating point number if possible; otherwise return the original value unchanged." Code snippet that demonstrates its
4411: Format the string with leading and trailing whitespace. If length of 'detail' is less than or equal to one eighth then add extra white
4412: Get the id of an object. If it's not possible to find one then return None  .   [10pt] --->
4413: Split string into list by whitespace characters – one line version using Python's built in str method . The function takes as an argument any
4414: Transforms input data using given parameters. If all three inputs are provided then it performs weighted average otherwise if only two or one is present in any order
4415: This function takes as input an array of arrays and returns the HTML representation formatted according to some rules defined by its parameters . The first parameter is used when
4416: Count the number of particles within each molecule.  This is done by iterating over all atoms and counting them up, which gives us an
4417: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4418: Parses the string into chuncks of size one sixth. Each chunk is converted to its floating point value and returned as an array .
4419: Build custom Named Entity Recognition token list based on the provided labels 	Inputs : List of named entity recognition tags, Output -
4420: Generates mask of bits in range [imin..max] inclusive. 1's are at positions from 'imin to max'.  	Mask
4421: Check if the size is greater than or equal to minimum required input filesizes in MBs – returns true when it'll be processed otherwise false
4422: Generates media names from the given filename by replacing spaces with underscores and adding prefix 'media/' to it . This function is
4423: Return an error response. 	Inputs : Response data . Returns -> Error message and the inputted responce Data if any errors occur
4424: This function returns the number of days in each month based on whether or not it'll be leap year. The input is an integer representing years and
4425: A function to generate the successor states of an automaton. The input is two positions x and n in state space S_1 with size m*
4426: Calculates the Euclidean Distance between two sets of coordinates.  The function takes as input lists or tuples containing pairs representing x and y
4427: Check if two Junction objects are the same.  Returns True or False based on whether all four attributes of both junction points match exactly in order from
4428: Convert the input string into lowercase if it's not none else return null or empty .  This function will be used in our main program where
4429: Convert dictionary to another format.  Converts the host and device type keys into their respective values from an inputted dict object .   The function
4430: Return the center point of rectangle. The coordinates are returned as tuple in order left < than or equal to .right >than and less then ,
4431: Compute exact match between two lists of tokens or strings using the Levenshtein distance algorithm to measure difference and similarity .  	Computes an
4432: This function checks if the current system is Windows. If it returns True, then we are on windows platform; otherwise not .   [END]
4433: Returns True if the given dictionary contains an entry with specified 'key'. Otherwise returns False.  Code is used to check whether or not there exists such
4434: Translate snapshot view data to the format required by SnapShotViewModel in Django REST Framework .  This function is used when creating
4435: Convert the last two characters of each word to 'Y' if they are followed by an ‘i’ and not preceded with another vowels
4436: Returns the id of an element with value ‘one’. If no such elements exist, returns -987643 . The function
4437: 3 keywords are used to determine the size of an element' s content area. The three values can be padding, border or Content Boxes .
4438: Parses the given string into app name and corresponding Model Name along with Field Names in format of "AppName .Model" ."Field".
4439: Create deposit on the blockchain.  Creates and returns deposits's data in dictionary format .   Deposit is created with specific parameters
4440: Sort dictionary keys and values recursively.  If the input object isn't sortable then return it as given .   [ ] -> {
4441: Convert list of PI numbers to string. If the input is empty, return None or an emptiness message if there are no elements present;
4442: This function replaces special characters with their corresponding HTML entities in the given string, so that they can be safely displayed on Slacker's platform without
4443: This function takes in one argument, which is supposed to be the current time and returns only day of it as string formatting .  For example if
4444: Check and enforce coding standards using PEP8 style guide in Python projects .  This tool will help you maintain consistent styling across your project's
4445: Initialize an empty message dictionary.  This is the basis of all messages in our system, and provides common fields like "message id", header information
4446: Check if two given strings can be rearranged into each other.  If they do then return true else false . For example : isAnagram
4447: Generates the initial data structure required by DS 3 and returns it as well stream of bidders' ids .   #DS stands For
4448: Prints the name and contents of file.  Code is used to print out information about files in directory or file system using python' builtin functions
4449: Calculates the relative change between two numbers. 1 is returned if they are equal and zero otherwise . The result will be in range [-0.,
4450: Handles the creation of resources.  The function takes two parameters - context and input which are passed by cloudformation when creating or updating an instance .
4451: This function takes in the name of an actor or actress and returns their corresponding movie names from database .  It is used to get actors/act
4452: Calculates the value of one half in terms on two dimensions. The function is used to calculate how much each dimension should be divided between halves based
4453: Check if two given intervals overlap.  If they do not return false else true .   Code is used to check whether the overlapping of any range
4454: Split the inputted ':' delimited strings into list of substrings 	easy to use and readable .  	.   1
4455: Returns whether to perform distilling and the parameters of model used in it if applicable on given fold name; otherwise returns false with empty dictionary .
4456: Create display name from two names. If no second argument provided it will return the first one only . Otherwise , appends an hyphen and then returns
4457: Remove all digits from the input string, leaving only alphabets and spaces . This function is used to cleanse user inputs by
4458: Interpret string as boolean value, True if it is one of the following values - 'YES', ‘Yes’ ,'OK','ON
4459: Check if an IP address falls into multcasting group .  	Multiple groups of the same type are used to communicate between different networks within one
4460: Convert bounding box structure to square.  The input is in the form of four coordinates defining one side length and two angles representing an angle between x
4461: Compare two numbers. If the first number is greater than second return '>', if it's less then returns '-<'. Else they are
4462: Returns dictionary with keys and values that are greater than or equal to the given 'threshold'.  This is useful when you want only certain elements of
4463: This function calculates the greatest common divisor and least Common Multiple of two numbers.  The GCD is calculated using Eucledian algorithm
4464: Find the voctal coordinate of an object in 3D space given its position and size parameters .'s x , ' s Y Z V
4465: This function returns the market data entry of given dictionary.  It takes two parameters - 'summaries' and an optional parameter named as currenc
4466: Returns the next valid step number. If it's less than one or greater then maximum steps return its own value else returns itself as is .
4467: Returns the index of right child node.	Inputs : Node Index in Binary Tree . Output is an integer representing its position within array/list
4468: This function calculates the time parameters of an event. It takes two arguments representing ages at birth and death respectively . The first argument is subtracted
4469: Insert the given string before another in source text – one line version of python function to replace all occurrences .   Code :def repl
4470: Returns the indentation level of given string, ignoring leading whitespace and tabs .  For example : getIndented("   hello")
4471: Convert direction from one point in the grid system into another. If not possible returns none . The function takes two parameters x and y which are coordinates of
4472: Pull service id from ARN string – if the input is valid, return it else returns none .   [PULL]    ->
4473: Convert degrees to argument.  The function takes an angle in degree and returns it as if converted into its equivalent value on earth's surface using spherical
4474: Parses an integer into its corresponding string representation.  If the input is not valid, it raises and exception .   [...]'s id
4475: Computes the scalar product of two vectors.  [...] .dot() is an operation that computs and returns one number which represents similarity between these
4476: Returns the next level's experience points.	Input : Level of player, Output = Experience Point required to reach that particular point in game .
4477: This function takes in date as input and returns the product of days since 3rd Jan. . It is used to convert dates into an integer value
4478: Combines two dictionaries into one recursively using the same keys from both dictionary inputs but with values being lists if they are of different types to avoid
4479: Return the offsets of num in relation to its column and row. (num modulo colums = x position ,floor division
4480: Calculates present value of an interest rate.  Given the annual compounding frequency and total amount invested in money market fund or bond etc., calculc
4481: A function that adds two numbers. 	Inputs : Two integers or floats . Output - Sum of the inputs	. Example usage is as follows
4482: Merge two dictionary objects.  If the same key exists in both dictioanries it will overwrite values from second one into first and vice
4483: Parse the given list of dependencies from an input string that represents them separated by newline characters '\ n ' . The function returns empty array when
4484: Calculates the average of two numbers. The first number is divided by its double and then multiplied with another one which also has been dividing it
4485: Check if the marker's longitude and latitutde are within acceptable ranges.  If not, raise an error message indicating invalid coordinate values..
4486: This function opens the Luke Number.  If inputted with zero it returns "-1" as no solutions exist in that case . Otherwise ,it will
4487: Computes the derivative of function f at point [a] with respect to its argument.  The result is returned as an array where each element corresponds
4488: This function takes as input the JSON object of dataset availability. It returns textual representation about available status or null if no such information is present .
4489: Check if all elements of the list are present.  Returns true or false based on whether they exist within given dictionary keys . If not exists return '
4490: Extract the last name from an input string, assuming that it is always in one word and starts with 'first'. 	Example usage : print
4491: This function checks if the input string reads same backward as forward.  It uses python's slicing to achieve that, and also reverses it
4492: Convert the given object to string representation if it can be converted into one; otherwise return an empty String .  Code snippet : convert any kind
4493: Scales the vector by given scalar. 	Inputs : Vector and scaler . Output - scaled version of inputted vectoR	.
4494: Returns the full URL to download building report PDFs from given id and url of server where it resides .  e.. g., "http://
4495: Checks if the given string contains an at symbol (@). 	Inputs : str, Output -> bool. True If @ exists
4496: Check if the input is in range 4 to n, where 'n' can be any number from one digit upto ten digits long .
4497: Round the value val by multiplying it with tolerance. 	Example usage :round_value = rouder(.7346,.01
4498: Convert the given BioPython sequence object to DBXRef format dictionary . The input is expected as 'database':'sequence'. For example :convert("
4499: Converts the given string to its equivalent character in characters map. If no mapping exists return 'unknown'.  [...]" .split(" ")
4500: Count the number of set bits in an integer. This is equivalent to counting how many ones are present at binary representation, but faster and more efficient than
4501: Returns the difference between two lists. If second argument is an integer it returns elements that are different from given one and if no such element exists then return
4502: Check if the given name is present as dependent of any module or package within list – returns true/false . --> If it's
4503: Update the dictionary with new values.  Returns updated list of Dictionaries .   [1pt].    ## Code : update_tagged()
4504: Convert all instances of "_" to " - ".  This function will convert the input string with '_' replaced by '--'. If last character is
4505: Generates 'n' number of fields with the given prefix – e..g., generate ['fname',3] will return [‘fn
4506: Computes the Euclidean distance between two vectors using numpy' builtin function and returns it as result." ---> Code Summary : "
4507: Check if the file is in directory or not 	Type of Code : Function/Method   Status - Implemented / Not implemented yet .
4508: Split arguments into key/value pairs and return as dictionary  Inputs are expected to be command line parameters, where each parameter starts with "--"
4509: Convert x, y coordinates and width & height to bounding rectangle. 1st line is the top left corner of rect; next three lines are
4510: A function that counts the number of matching elements in two lists. The first element from each input is compared and if they match then it increments count
4511: A function to find all the Prime Factores of an input number – using Euclid's algorithm and storing them in list format .
4512: Parses alerts info based on severities or all if no filters are provided  Code length :10 lines .   Complex度�
4513: Convert HTML color to RGBA format with optional transparency level in hexadecimal or decimal form .e..x.: #ffffff -> rgba(),
4514: Substitute variables into string using the provided dictionary of replacements – one line function to replace all occurrences within text/string with
4515: A function to limit the range of values.  If specified limits are out or inverted then it will raise an error otherwise return limited/clamped
4516: Convert version number to string format. Example, convert '13' into '.9', or the reverse operation of converting back from .xx/.yy
4517: Check if two ids are the same ignoring case and removing any whitespace or special characters  .  	Return True when they match otherwise False
4518: Convert list of dictionaries to dictionary with keys as type and overlaid text, if available else return empty dict  Inputs : List[D
4519: This function returns whether or not the person was hired less frequently. It takes as input their 'Last hire date'. If they were hiring more recently,
4520: Checks if the given string 'name' can be used as an identifier.  It must not start with uppercase letter, have more than ten
4521: Extracting the protein accession number from Pfam domain entry lines – based on tags like EMBL, PRO and SCOPE .
4522: Check the file extension of an input string and return it as upper case if valid, else returns none  [.] .extention to be checked -
4523: Update the PagerrDUTY severities and urgencies of an incident based on its status in Sentry's data model  Input parameters
4524: Adds one to each element of the input array by adding 0 at beginning and end respectively, then returns resultant list with all elements increased .
4525: This function deletes all risks with count  equal to zero from the list of potential threats and returns them as comma separated string .   [Task :
4526: Convert bounding box to string format .  e..g, [10 ,34] -> '8' or "[769
4527: Calculates the total differential of two consecutive values from an array.  The first value is compared to its next one and so on until all pairs are
4528: Calculates the residues of 'C' and returns their count in sequence – subtracts K, R counts from total . This is used
4529: Rotates the given 'n' by one clock wise. For example ['X..', '.XX'] becomes .XXXX or vice versa.'s
4530: Checks if two colors are similar within the given color difference tolerance. If they're not close enough in terms of RGB distance to be considered "
4531: Convert decimal number to binary. If input as an array of numbers then convert each one by itself and return the resultant list . Else raise error
4532: This function takes in chunk key and returns the corresponding column id , experiment ID & channel Id.  It is used to get data from database based on
4533: Convert GitHub URLs into HTTPS ones if necessary, otherwise return the original one as is  Code Description : This function converts any git
4534: Calculates the change between two sets of prices.  The function takes three lists as input and returns an integer representing how much price has changed from one
4535: Checks if the given Artifact ID has any related Debian packaging files (.jar,.war).  If it does then returns true else false .
4536: Checks if the current state of game is victorious.  If not it returns false otherwise true .   # TODO : Implement your solution here
4537: This function takes in the width of an object and returns its position within another box. It calculates based on two dimensions only ie., it assumes
4538: This function checks if the given 'word' can be found within an array of strings. If it finds any character from that string then returns true else
4539: Check if the given string is an IPv6 address or not – returns true/false .   #TODO : implement ip validation in python using
4540: Checks if the given object is empty or contains only whitespace characters, returning True when it's either an instance of str and its length equals
4541: Returns the level of maximum atomic number based on atom's nuclear charges.  S -> Spin, P -->  Parallel Ternary
4542: Normalizes the variable type. 	Inputs : Variable Type, Output -> normalized version of inputted varible types . e..g
4543: Returns the linear function y = ax+b.  Code is used to calculate line equation of form "y=ax" .  	Example :
4544: This function implements the Exponential Easing Function in Python, which is used to make an object move from its original position towards another point over time with
4545: Compute the iterative version of calculating n!.  [n] is an integer greater than or equal to zero that represents number's order
4546: Returns the input as 1d array if it's not none or an integer. If its length equals to two then returns that value otherwise raises
4547: Returns the list of scopes that can be accessed by current user.  If 'ALL' is requested, returns all available access levels to issues and
4548: This python script defines first new Python functions.  The main purpose or functionality provided by these scripts are as follows - .   Defines two arguments that
4549: A recursive function to calculate the factorial of an integer. The base case is when n = ~= ∞, which returns zero and also
4550: Convert the input string to uppercase letters and return it as command formated output . 	Example : "HELLO WORLD" -
4551: Tokenizes the input string into individual unique, case insensitive lexical units/tokENS .  For example "Hello World" would be
4552: Convert integer to binary. 	Inputs : val -> Integer value, Output is the equivalent of input in Binary format as string .
4553: Convert the input into list of strings. If it's not string, then convert to one element array with that value in each position if possible else
4554: Returns the string ' C ', followed by input.  This is used to start all output lines with character c .   It's not really part
4555: Decodes the given string. If it is an empty byte array then returns null; otherwise return ascii representation of bytes from input data . The
4556: This function takes two arguments - list of tuples representing the vertices and edges between different objects or parts within an image; returns only those triangles
4557: Check if both strings are integers.  If so return True else False .   Example :problem\_two('34','78') =>True
4558: Returns the center of mass coordinates.  Input is list/array with x and y values in order [0th index to ninth]. The function
4559: Check if the process id is equal to current running processes's ID 	Input : PID, Output = True/False indicating whether or not
4560: This function calculates the profile of an object with given parameters. It is used to calculate how much material can be retained after deformation in solid objects
4561: Check if two jobs have the same configuration. If they do not match then return true otherwise false or raise an exception depending on whether there is any mism
4562: Get current items that are present both as an item of list to add and already existing within the old set – using dictionary mapping patterns .   #
4563: Returns the list of available objects in an Object Dictionary or Resources List if specified otherwise returns all resource lists from dictionary .  # noqa E1
4564: Convert 3D coordinates from one coordinate system to another. This function takes in four parameters - the X and Y values of two points on each plane
4565: A recursive implementation of the FIBONACCI sequence. It calculates fibonacci numbers using bitwise operations and returns them as two
4566: Create an object of type 'UserSpec' from parameters.  This is used to create the User Specification in our system .   The username and
4567: Create callback zone. 	Action is the action to be performed in case of collision; Num represents number within which it should collide with other objects
4568: Checks if the solution is equal to given constraint.  If so returns True else False .  	def matchssummary : checks whether each
4569: This function takes an integer as input and returns the cubed value of that number.  For example, if you call `cube` with argument
4570: Returns the mask corresponding to one specific position in binary representation. For example, if you want masks at positions [4], it will return '8
4571: Returns the Nth pentagon number.  The formula used to calculate it was derived from Euclid's original description of Pell’
4572: Convert each element of the input list into an index and value pair – one per line . The output is sorted by indices as they appear first on
4573: Calculates the derivative of EOS with respect to volume. ... ...    .     ...""") ) #############################################
4574: Check if the given query contains any literal string. 	Inputs : A single argument, which could be either an integer or float number as well
4575: This function calculates the Einstein's A constant based on given parameters of mass and energy density .  It is used to calculate specific heat capacity at
4576: Returns the name of an object or collection. If it's not found in any parent scope then returns its own classname if available else return '
4577: Get the value of Quantifcation from Level 3B or BOAs. If not found, return default quantity as per level and boa
4578: Limit the value of 'X' to be within given limits and normalize it if necessary .  If X is greater than zero then return as
4579: Returns True if the number is equal to its own fifth power, False otherwise. For example - given input '1634' returns true as
4580: This function takes an input long number and returns two values, the first is half of it's upper word part while second one remains as lower.
4581: Create the name of an onboarding or networking device. 	Inputs : Fabric Name and Network Type . Returns - The generated string is
4582: Checks if the input string can be rearranged to form palin­dromic permutations of itself by using only one character from each
4583: Returns the persisting values of each element.  The function takes as input an array and returns another list with pairs where first value is index from original
4584: Parses version number into major, minor and patch levels separated by periods in string format."  [...]" . If the input is not valid
4585: Returns the inverse of an integer. The bits are reversed in binary representation and then converted to decimal using masking operation with all ones as masks
4586: Calculates the total amount of people getting on and off at different stops.  The function takes as input an array with pairs representing stop numbers, where
4587: Parses the command line style of 'docker run' to extract host paths and their corresponding options like -v or --device .  It also
4588: This function creates new ids based on the given parameters.  It multiplies 'Region' by incrementing with each call to generate unique ID numbers
4589: A function that appends values to an existing list in the form of tuples or lists – useful when dealing with multiple data types and structures
4590: Calculates the cubic root value. If either input is negative it raises an error message and returns None if both inputs are positive or zero respectively otherwise .
4591: Returns the duplicate of board in memory, used to check if there are any duplicates on other boards or not 	in current session . This is
4592: Check if the file extension of given name matches with provided one.  If yes then return True else False .  	Example : `isextension
4593: Convert pixel to DPI based on the resolution of an image or font file .png/.jpg/svg etc.. If no specific resoultion
4594: This function calculates the variance of an input list. It first computes and stores its average, then uses it to calculate each value's deviation
4595: A function to calculate the value of an "ackerman" number using recursion in Python . The formula is defined as : if M = =  N
4596: This function returns the coordinates of an object in 3D space. The input is expected to be given as four points defining two opposite corners, which
4597: Check if the given value can be interpreted as an absolute path or relative to current directory .  If it's neither then return true else false;
4598: This function returns the comment based on students's score. 1st grade to first class is 'great job', second graders are pretty go
4599: Generates the necessary options to create an object group on cloud optimized geospatial data store cogs .  This function takes three parameters - 'source
4600: Returns the path to wikipedia conversation corpuses of given years in zip format on zisso's server .  This function is used by other
4601: Returns the smaller of two numbers.  Code is used to compare and return smallest number among three given inputs in python programming language .  	Example :
4602: A learning rule that uses polynomial decay to reduce the Learning Rate over time in an iterative process . The function takes as input parameters : 'power',
4603: Convert the given input into binary format. If 'from' is not supported then it will throw an error message and exit program with status ->
4604: Generates the largest number with leading zeros to make it equal in length.  If large num is larger than small one then add zeroes at
4605: Calculates the energy of fusions based on type and number reactions in given chemical compounds, using data from NASA's Chemistry web service API .
4606: Convert the given tree to dictionary format using recursion .  The function takes as input an object of any type and returns its equivalent Dictionary representation where keys
4607: This function splits the input string into list of strings based on comma separator and removes any leading or trailing whitespace from each element, returning
4608: Compute the product of two quaternions.  Inputs are in order to form one complex number which is returned as output from function . The
4609: Set default schedule if it doesn't exist and format the given cron job string to match ChronoJob schema . If no valid pattern is found then
4610: Extracts the name of file from analysis line. 	Input format is "Analysis [filename]:[linenumber]" . Output will be
4611: This function classifies the given degree of freedom into one among four categories based on its value and directionality in relation to an object's rotation axis
4612: Convert an integer into binary representation using the modulo operation and recursion, then reverse it .   [Hint : use of list data structure ]
4613: This function takes an input sequence and returns its reverse complimentary DNA string by mapping each nucleotide to the corresponding Watson–Crick pair of bases
4614: Returns the orthogonal projection of vector 'b' onto plane defined by normal vectors n=[-sqrt((3)/4), sqrt(-7/8
4615: Find the index of an existing plugin. If not found return -3 . Otherwise returns its position as integer value if it exists else will be returned by
4616: Generates meter reference string.  Format is ${CounterName}!!!!! . This will be used to generate the report file name and path of
4617: Create submission entry. 	Inputs : Image ID and Prediction list . Returns an object with the given inputs as properties	. Example -> {"
4618: Convert string to integer. If the input starts with "-" or " ", convert it into negative number, else return positive one . For example : `
4619: A function to check if the input string 's' reads same backward as forward. 0 indexed and ignores non alphanumeric characters
4620: Parses the duration in hours, minutes and/or second format into total number of secounds . e g., "4" will be converted
4621: Returns true if the given XPath contains any of tags from provided array as its parent node's descendants; otherwise false."  [...]
4622: A function to divide list into chunks of size 'size' or less if possible .  If the length is not divisible by given number then
4623: A function to perform rounded division.  If the number is positive it rounds down otherwise up . The result of operation will be returned as per requirement in
4624: Convert string into snak case format – all upper and lower cases are separated by underscore . e,g., HelloWorld => hello
4625: This function calculates the exponential of each number.  It starts from second element and multiplies it with all other elements present after that, returning final
4626: Convert degrees, minutes and seconds to decimal degree format in python  Code : Converts the given DMS value into Decimal Degree Format .
4627: Creates and returns the string representation of ResData.  The format is 'name_number' : '_chain'.   This function will be used
4628: This function takes in an input string, checks its length to determine how much time it will take. If the URL is less than or equal  6
4629: Returns the index of an element in periodic boundary conditions. If it is non periodical then returns directly else calculates and return its position on grid according
4630: This function returns the last word in alphabetic order from given input string of multiple sentences/paragraphs separated by spaces or newlines, and
4631: Convert the given string to its equivalent in terms of accessibility level or return original if not recognized by program – UNRESTRICTED,
4632: Find the gcocov file associated with function f. If no such association exists return an empty list . This is used to get coverage
4633: Check if the given 'rect' contains or intersects with an object at specified coordinates.  If so return true else false . This function is
4634: This function returns the appropriate values to be used in model compilation. It takes as input an object containing information about data and labels shape of training set
4635: This function removes leading and trailing whitespaces from the given string of characters, effectively stripping it to its barest form or content without any extra
4636: This function checks if the given number is large prime. A larger than three digit primes are called "Large Prime". The definition of Large Prices
4637: Finds the longest common subString between two strings. If no such Substrings exist then returns "- ." . Otherwise it will return length of that
4638: Maps vulnerability types to colors.  Returns the color associated with given type or white if no mapping exists .   Vunerabilities are classified
4639: Reads file and yields each row of the text.  Useful when you want to process large files one at time without loading them all into memory
4640: Convert magnitude to flux in solar units per second^(-3).	Inputs : Magnitude of the source, Output is Fluctu
4641: Convert an argument string into its constituent arguments as separate elements of the same type, separated by commas and surrounded with quotes if necessary .  For
4642: Reads and returns the vector of floats from input string 'str' .  The first two elements are ignored as they represent coordinates in space which
4643: Remove trailling slash by specified character from string  . split the given input into lines and then strip each line before joining them back together with new
4644: This function takes as input an array of URIs and returns the last two elements from each URI string, if possible; otherwise it just append to
4645: Code to convert an array of integers into binary format.   [1,34] -> "0b" + the binaries representation in
4646: Creates dictionary of names to be used as identifiers.  If the name already exists it is not overwritten but appended with an incrementing
4647: 根据FindingCount对象的属性返回一个字典，其中包含颜色和图标。如果没有找到任何发现（即
4648: This function merges overlapping parts of the same type into one part with all their properties combined .  It takes as input an array that represents different
4649: Create an unique name from the given parameters. 	Inputs : GateWay type , Volume Name and Host . Returns - A Unique String
4650: Generates .gitingore file from the given list of files.  It filters out local/ignored paths based on whether they are present locally
4651: Returns the Bezie's quadratic terms of input parameter 'T'. The function returns three values corresponding to each term in cubic polynomial. This is
4652: A function that returns verses from 'Bob's Beverage Bar'. The number in each line is replaced by its corresponding word representation according
4653: Extends dictionary with values from another one by copying keys and their corresponding value pairs into the first dictioanry – if key already exists it
4654: Convert list of dictionaries to HPO terms  [optional] .   If the input dictionary contains an '_' or '__', it will be
4655: Remove HTML tags from the given string of input, if any exist in it; otherwise return original unmodified version as none exists to be removed .
4656: Calculates the discrete classifiers point based on given instance and thresholds.  It calcula...   [TRUNCATED] .'
4657: Merge two dictionaries into one with the second dictionary overwriting any conflicting keys in both .  If no key conflict occurs then return original first
4658: Parses the core proc fd section of an xml file. This function takes as input root, which is expected to be in .
4659: Check if the given list of nodes forms an acceptable path.  If it does then return True else false . The function checks whether all end points are
4660: This function calculates the Sidák correction factor. It takes two parameters; one is 'sig' which represents statistical power or confidence level and another
4661: Parses the book's title and its publication date from an input string of format 'Title : Publication Date'.  If no publiction
4662: Flatens the given list of lists.  If input is [a, b], returns 'ab'.   if it's [[c,[d
4663: Check if string contains only non whitespaces characters and return it or raise an error otherwise – stripped version of the input . If empty returns None
4664: Limit the value of input to zero if it is less than epsilon, else return original number .   Code should be able handle negative numbers and
4665: This function returns the closest angle to an integer multiple of ten. If it's greater than or equal, then return negative one hundredth degree;
4666: Convert number to string and remove the prefix 'hex' if it exists.  If not, return original value as is .  	Input : integer
4667: This function takes as inputs 3 different integer arrays and returns another array with each corresponding summed up elements. If any argument passed to it isn'
4668: This function returns the element with highest frequency in an array of elements given as input parameter 'neigbor'.  If there are multiple such items return
4669: Provides an alias to the given function or module.  This is useful when you want your functions and modules names in lowercase, but still need
4670: This function returns the number of lenses required to create an object with given configuration, based on its distance from Earth's center and speed limit set
4671: Checks if the string starts with "Location:" and/or “site number” . If yes, returns True else False  	Inputs
4672: Computes the dot product of two vectors using numpy's builtin function np_dot().  This is equivalent to Python’ s own implementation
4673: Check if the agent has finished its task. 	Type of Code : Function/Method .   Length = 10 lines	.    Language =
4674: Check if the input string can be converted to number. This function will return true only when it'll convert an integer or floating point value
4675: Get sequence from the given dictionary of modules and return as string separated by comma . This function is used to extract sequences associated with each individual component
4676: This function returns extension of given URL . e..g http://www....com/image will return jpg or png etc...   [
4677: Computes cosine of φ between two points in the unit sphere. The function takes as input dx and dy coordinates from spherical coordinate system on
4678: This function calculates the average of all items' scores divided by their lengths, taking into account that if an element has length 3 and its corresponding
4679: Check if two intervals overlap.  If they do not intersect at all then return False else True .  	Inputs : Two time interval pairs as
4680: Returns the end of an HTML Section.  e..g., </div> or \n<br /><hr > etc... .
4681: Adds an element to the end of list/array – O((n)) time complexity and constant space required; n is number elements in array
4682: Calculates the direction of movement between two points.  If they are equal return 'Still', if one is greater than another then it's moving
4683: Replace special symbols with underscore in string input 	Input -> String, Output = Processed_String . Example : Input=
4684: Returns whether the given integer has an on/off state of specified position.  If it does not exist then returns False else True .   It'
4685: Check if the given object has all required attribute keys.  If it does, return true; otherwise false or raise an exception with error message indicating which
4686: This function takes two RGB values and returns the result of applying Soft Light effect to them using linear interpolation between ‘upper’ color value at t
4687: Extracting source file path from the given input string, if it is not empty and starts with either // or : . If so replace them by /
4688: This function converts the input string into its corresponding color's RGB value. For example 'blue', returns array[3], which is equivalent to
4689: Count the number of occurrences per status type within all job entries provided by users .   Code is used to get unique and total occurrence/status
4690: This function fills the holes left by previous rows with spaces.  It does so horizontally, filling each row from right to lefto
4691: This function calculates the reward based on given distances and thresholds. It uses coefficients to determine how much bonus is earned at each step of travel
4692: This function takes two arguments - the content to be formatted and number of spaces used as indentation level . It returns string with each newline character
4693: Convert stellar radius to mass in solar units using the relation between luminosity and surface brightness of stars .  The input is star's luminosity lum
4694: Calculates the highest probability of precipitation over an entire day from given data set – used to determine if it's raining or not .
4695: This function calculates the average movie score from given list of Movie objects . The scores are calculated by taking all available ratings and then dividing it with
4696: Calculates the square of voltage and resistance. 	Inputs : Voltage , Resistance . Returns Square root value as output from equation sqrt
4697: Returns the XOR of two bits. 0^1 = ~3 and ~4 ^ -7 = .689...   ###
4698: A function to find the integer square root of an input number. It uses binary search algorithm with some modifications and returns how many steps it took in order
4699: This function takes in an input string and returns the same output as if it were passed through .replace('*', '') method, but without using
4700: This function takes an integer as input, pads it with zeros if necessary to make its length equal or greater than three digits using the pad character
4701: Checks if an item has type 'thesis', or report, 	or document's data. Returns True/False accordingly .   [
4702: Returns the value of an object if it exists; otherwise returns 'default'.  This function can be used to automatically set values. For example in data
4703: Generates string representation of function call with optional arguments or keyword parameters – e..g., f("hello", world") -> 'world'
4704: This function returns the name of an index table based on data release. 	Inputs : Data Release . Output - Index Table Name as string	.
4705: This function calculates the linear approximation of age distribution. It takes two arguments; an array 'age' and time period in years as input parameters which
4706: Linearly interpolates between two points. 	Inputs are three numbers representing the start and end of an interval or range; returns one number that
4707: Convert the given 6D vector from w, xyzi to zwx order. This is done by swapping elements at positions i and j
4708: Estimate the size of text in pixels. The larger, smaller is returned based on length and character count to make sure it fits within an image or
4709: Format user id as discord mention. 	Inputs : User ID, Output - Formatted string of the form < @UserID > .
4710: Convert the given dictionary into JSON format using json module of python .  # noqa : disable= E1340   Code is used
4711: This function reverses the input string. 	Inputs : str, Output ->str . Returns reverse of an entered String	. Example "abc
4712: Given an IP address, return the channel ID. The function takes in one argument which is assumed to be of type int or long and returns its corresponding
4713: .   :    ,,,,.     .....      ......       ...       `......... `..........."""")).encode('utf8
4714: Get class from the given object.  If no such an instance exists, return none .   # TODO : implement it in python3 or other language
4715: Returns the description of how long ago an operation completed.  If timmed out, returns that fact as well if bad return codes were signaller
4716: Calculates the geographical center of given set or list. The function takes as input an array with coordinates and returns their central position .'s'.
4717: Calculates the mode of two initial minimum weight.  It takes three parameters - time to reach maximum load in seconds and minimal loading rate per second .
4718: Transform the given ISO 3167 two letter codes to their corresponding three letters equivalent. If no match is found, return None .
4719: Compute F measure of two sets.  If one set is empty then the other's score will be returned as zero and vice versa if
4720: This function calculates the difference between corresponding elements of two lists and returns them as new list .  If input is not equal length it will return an
4721: This function splits the input sequence in chunks with specified sizes and returns them as list .  If it is not possible to split then raises an
4722: Computes the pool variance of an array/list containing pairs where each pair contains two elements, one is numeric and other integer or float type .
4723: Create key from name and its associated with complex or simple types.  If the provided argument is an 'Element', return it as both of them are
4724: Returns the number of NM entries from given list. If no such entry exists, returns default value 'default'. Code is used to count and return
4725: Convert string input into Boolean value using Python's builtin function .  If the provided argument can be converted directly as an integer or float then it
4726: Output units of the current context.  If `None/False' then print default unit settings; if True it will show all available Units in use
4727: Write the given string as an HTTP response's "Content-" . ."Header"..". Parameters : str -> str. The text
4728: Returns the number of characters required to create at least one character from each type in English alphabet. A password must contain, among others ,
4729: Builds string from tokens. 	Input - list of strings, Output = single line as String . Example : ['Hello', ',','
4730: Parses boolean value from parameter.  If the string is either 'True' , returns True, else False . Parameter can be in any
4731: This function checks if the given number is even. If it's less than one, returns false as invalid input; otherwise return whether or not that
4732: Convert the given number of quanta to their respective units. 1quart = 0point36 millimeters . Quantity is converted from
4733: Linearly interpolates between two points. 	t is the ratio of how far along we are from 'start' to get our result in terms on
4734: Counts the number of zeros at end in factorial. This function is used to calculate how many times '1' appears as its multiple,
4735: This function calculates the BACT value based on gradient of bact score and length scale parameter 'L'.  The formula is derived from equation A
4736: Convert bounding box coordinates from model to center. This function converts the given coordinate system of object detection models into centering systems used in computer vision
4737: This function calculates the delays in terms of frequency from given offsets and time intervals . The input is dataframe with columns 'offset', which represents
4738: This function takes in the scene's title and returns it with spaces replaced by dashes, making sure to keep any special characters intact as well
4739: This function picks the first file ending with "prob_0".  If there are multiple files that end like so it returns one of them randomly picked
4740: Strips the arguments of function calls from lines in source files and returns them as strings – one per call site only .   [ ] -
4741: Remove the specified 'prefixed' subpart from start of input strings in list or single element case only if it exists and return modified/removed
4742: A function to calculate the greatest common divisor of two numbers.  It uses Euclid's algorithm which is based on division and reduces time
4743: Returns the list of labels used by CL.  The label is represented as "CL". For example, if `cl` has two components and dimension
4744: This function takes in an array of values and returns them as comma separated string. 	Example usage : print("Values are " + str([1
4745: Convert coordinates to index. 1D array of integers representing the pixel location in an image or other data structure that is organized as one dimensional and continuous
4746: Checks if the given public/secret keys are private.  If they're not, it returns False; otherwise True . The function checks whether
4747: Checks if the given string has exactly three consecutive identical characters.  If so returns true; otherwise false . For example "aaa" ->
4748: Calculates the Normalized Difference Snow Index to Total Available阳光.  The NDVI is calculated as difference between green and SWIRefR
4749: Removes hidden attributes from dictionary objects, ie., keys that start with "_".  This is useful when you want to avoid using these as variable
4750: Encode boolean value as 8 bit binary. True -> '\uFF' , False -\ufff'.  	Inputs : Boolean,
4751: A function to calculate the power of an integer. Code is written in Python language and uses bitwise operations instead looping through all numbers from one till
4752: Returns the minimum and maximum coordinates of all given 3D point cloud. This function is used to compute an axis aligned box that encloses any